Terms and Conditions | 1mg
last updated June 2021
Terms of use
Please read these terms of use carefully by accessing or using this
      internet based platform, you agree to be bound by the terms described
      herein and all terms incorporated by reference. If you do not agree to all
      of these terms, do not use this internet based platform.
What is 1MG/ TATA 1MG
The domain name www.1mg.com, an internet based portal and 1mg a
              mobile application, is operated by Tata 1MG Healthcare Solutions
              Private Limited((formerly known as 1MG Healthcare Solutions
              Private Limited), a company duly incorporated under the provisions
              of the Companies Act, 2013 (hereinafter referred to as “
TATA 1mg
” or “
We
” or “
Our
” or “
Us
” or
              “
Company
”) having registered office at 2nd Floor, Plot No. B-225, Okhla Industrial Area,
Phase-I, South Delhi, New Delhi- 110020, with GSTIN 07AAFCD7691C1ZL and PAN AAFCD7691C. The
              domain name and the mobile application are collectively referred
              to as the “
Website
”.
Your access or use of the Website, transaction on the Website and
              use of Services (as defined herein below) hosted or managed
              remotely through the Website, are governed by the following terms
              and conditions (hereinafter referred to as the
Terms of Use
”), including the applicable policies which are
              incorporated herein by way of reference. These Terms of Use
              constitutes a legal and binding contract between you (hereinafter
              referred to as
“You”
or
“Your”
or the
“User”
)
              on one part and TATA 1mg on the other Part.
By accessing, browsing or in any way transacting on the Website,
              or availing any Services, You signify Your agreement to be bound
              by these Terms of Use. Further, by impliedly or expressly
              accepting these Terms of Use, you also accept and agree to be
              bound by Our policies, including the Privacy Policy (as set out in
              Part B herein below), and such other rules, guidelines, policies,
              terms and conditions as are relevant under the applicable law(s)
              in India and other jurisdictions for the purposes of accessing,
              browsing or transacting on the Website, or availing any of the
              Services, and such rules, guidelines, policies, terms and
              conditions shall be deemed to be incorporated into, and considered
              as part and parcel of these Terms of Use. However, if You navigate
              away from the Website to a third party website, You may be subject
              to alternative terms and conditions of use and privacy policy, as
              may be specified on such website. In such event, the terms and
              conditions of use and privacy policy applicable to that website
              will govern Your use of that website.
The Website is a platform that facilitates (i) online purchase of
              pharmaceutical products sold by various third party pharmacies
(“Third Party Pharmacies”)
and by the Company; (ii)
              diagnostic services being offered by various third party
              diagnostic centers (
“Third Party Labs”
); (iii) online
              medical consultancy services/ second opinion being offered by
              third party independent doctors (
“Medical Experts”
); and
              (iv) online advertisements of various sponsors advertising and
              marketing their own good and services (
“Third Party Advertisers”
). The Third Party Pharmacies, Third Party Labs, Medical Experts
              and the Third Party Advertisers are collectively referred to as
              the “
Third Party Service Providers
”. Further the Website
              also serves as an information platform providing health and
              wellness related information (“
Information Services
”) to
              the Users accessing the Website (The services of the Third Party
              Services Providers, sale of pharmaceutical products by the Company
              and the Information Services are collectively referred to as the
“Services”
).
The arrangement between the Third Party Service Providers, You and
              Us shall be governed in accordance with these Terms of Use. The
              Services would be made available to such natural persons who have
              agreed to use the Website after obtaining due registration, in
              accordance with the procedure as determined by Us, from time to
              time, (referred to as
“You” or “Your” or “Yourself” or “User”
, which terms shall
              also include natural persons who are accessing the Website merely
              as visitors). The Services are offered to You through various
              modes which shall include issue of discount coupons and vouchers
              that can be redeemed for various goods/ services offered for sale
              by relevant Third Party Service Providers. To facilitate the
              relation between You and the Third Party Service Providers through
              the Website, TATA 1mg shall send to You (promotional content
              including but not limited to emailers, notifications and
              messages).
You agree and acknowledge that the Website is a platform that You
              and Third Party Service Providers utilize to meet and interact
              with another for their transactions. TATA 1mg is not and cannot be
              a party to or save as except as may be provided in these Terms of
              Use, control in any manner, any transaction between You and the
              Third Party Service Providers.
TATA 1mg reserves the right to change or modify these Terms of Use
              or any policy or guideline of the Website including the Privacy
              Policy, at any time and in its sole discretion. Any changes or
              modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the
              revisions on the Website and You waive any right You may have to
              receive specific notice of such changes or modifications, provided
              however that, we will inform You of such changes at least once a
              year. Your continued use of the Website will confirm Your
              acceptance of such changes or modifications; therefore, You should
              frequently review these Terms of Use and applicable policies to
              understand the terms and conditions that apply to Your use of the
              Website.
As a condition to Your use of the Website, You must be 18
              (eighteen) years of age or older to use or visit the Website in
              any manner. By visiting the Website or accepting these Terms of
              Use, You represent and warrant to TATA 1mg that You are 18
              (eighteen) years of age or older, and that You have the right,
              authority and capacity to use the Website and agree to and abide
              by these Terms of Use.
These Terms of Use is published in compliance of, and is governed
              by the provisions of Indian laws, including but limited to:
the Indian Contract Act, 1872 (“
Contract Act
”);
the (Indian) Information Technology Act, 2000 (“
IT Act
”) and the rules, regulations, guidelines and clarifications
                  framed thereunder, including the (Indian) Information
                  Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and
                  Sensitive Personal Information) Rules, 2011, and the (Indian)
                  Information Technology (Intermediaries Guidelines) Rules, 2011
                  (“
IG Guidelines
”);
the Drugs and Cosmetic Act, 1940 (“
Drugs Act
”), read
                  with the Drugs and Cosmetics Rules, 1945 (“
Drugs Rules
”);
the Drugs and Magic Remedies (Objectionable Advertisements)
                  Act, 1954 (“
Drugs and Magic Act
”);
The Indian Medical Council Act, 1956 read with the Indian
                  Medical Council Rules, 1957;
Pharmacy Act, 1948 (“
Pharmacy Act
”) and
the Consumer Protection Act, 2019 and
Consumer Protection (E-Commerce) Rules, 2020
.
TATA 1mg authorizes You to view and access the content available
              on the Website solely for the purposes of availing the Services,
              such as visiting, using, ordering, receiving, delivering and
              communicating only as per these Terms of Use. The contents on the
              Website including information, text, graphics, images, logos,
              button icons, software code, design, and the collection,
              arrangement and assembly of content, contains Third Party Service
              Providers’ content (
“Third Party Content”
) as well as
              in-house content provided by TATA 1mg including without
              limitation, text, copy, audio, video, photographs, illustrations,
              graphics and other visuals (
“TATA 1mg Content”
)
              (collectively,
“Content”
). The TATA 1mg Content is the
              property of TATA 1mg and is protected under copyright, trademark
              and other applicable law(s). You shall not modify the TATA 1mg
              Content or reproduce, display, publicly perform, distribute, or
              otherwise use the TATA 1mg Content in any way for any public or
              commercial purpose or for personal gains.
Compliance with these Terms of Use would entitle You to a
              personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to
              access and transact on the Website.
These Terms of Use constitute an electronic record in terms of the
              IT Act and rules framed there under, as applicable and amended
              from time to time. This electronic record is generated by a
              computer system and does not require any physical or digital
              signatures.
ELIGIBILITY
For the purposes of availing the Services and/or transacting with
              the Third Party Service Providers through the Website, You are
              required to obtain registration, in accordance with the procedure
              established by TATA 1mg in this regard. As part of the
              registration process, TATA 1mg may collect the following personal
              information from You:
Name;
User ID;
Email address;
Address (including country and ZIP/ postal code);
Gender;
Age;
Phone number;
Password chosen by the User;
Valid financial account information; and
Other details as You may volunteer.
The registration on or use/ access of the Website is only
                  available to natural persons, other than those who are
                  ‘incompetent to contract’ under the Contract Act. That is,
                  persons including minors, un-discharged insolvents etc. are
                  not eligible to register on, or use/ access the Website. By
                  registering, accessing or using the Website, You accept the
                  terms of these Terms of Use and represent and warrant to TATA
                  1mg that you are ‘competent to contract’ under the Contract
                  Act and have the right, authority and capacity to use the
                  Website and agree to and abide by these Terms of Use.
A registered id can only be utilized by the person whose
                  details have been provided and TATA 1mg does not permit
                  multiple persons to share a single log in/ registration id.
                  However, a registered user, being also a parent or legal
                  guardian of a person ‘incompetent to contract’ such as minors
                  or persons with unsound mind, would be permitted to access and
                  use the Website for the purposes of procuring the Services, on
                  behalf of such persons.
Organizations, companies, and businesses may not become
                  registered members on the Website or use the Website through
                  individual members.
You agree and acknowledge that You would (i) create only 1
                  (one) account; (ii) provide accurate, truthful, current and
                  complete information when creating Your account and in all
                  Your dealings through the Website; (iii) maintain and promptly
                  update Your account information; (iv) maintain the security of
                  Your account by not sharing Your password with others and
                  restricting access to Your account and Your computer; (v)
                  promptly notify TATA 1mg if You discover or otherwise suspect
                  any security breaches relating to the Website; (vi) take
                  responsibility for all the activities that occur under Your
                  account and accept all risk of unauthorized access; (vii) Any
                  communication from TATA 1mg shall be sent only to your
                  registered mobile number and/or email address or such other
                  contact number or email address that you may designate and
                  (viii) You shall be solely responsible to update your
                  registered mobile number and/or email address on the Website
                  in the event there is a change.
The Website uses temporary cookies to store certain data (that
                  is not sensitive personal data or information) that is used by
                  TATA 1mg for the technical administration of the Website,
                  research and development, and for User administration. In the
                  course of serving advertisements or optimizing services to
                  You, TATA 1mg may allow authorized third parties to place or
                  recognize a unique cookie on Your browser. TATA 1mg does not
                  store personally identifiable information in the cookies.
TATA 1mg, at its sole discretion, reserves the right to
                  permanently or temporarily suspend Users, to bar their use and
                  access of the Website and App, at any time while TATA 1mg
                  investigates complaints or alleged violations of these Terms
                  of Use or any Services, or for any other reason.
USE OF SERVICES AND THE WEBSITE
E-Commerce Platform for Pharmaceutical Products –
Platform to facilitate transaction of business:
Through the Website, TATA 1mg facilitates the purchase of
                      drugs and other pharmaceutical products, and services
                      offered for sale by Third Party Pharmacies (“
Pharmaceutical Goods and Services
”). You understand and agree that TATA 1mg and the Website
                      merely provide hosting services to You and persons
                      browsing / visiting the Website. All items offered for
                      sale on the Website, and the content made available by the
                      Third Party Pharmacies, are third party user generated
                      contents and third party products. TATA 1mg has no control
                      over such third party user generated contents and/
                      Pharmaceutical Goods and Services and does not - originate
                      or initiate the transmission, or select the
                      sender/recipient of the transmission, or the information
                      contained in such transmission. The authenticity and
                      genuineness of the Pharmaceutical Goods and Services made
                      available by the Third Party Pharmacies through the
                      Website shall be the sole responsibility of the Third
                      Party Pharmacies. You understand and agree that TATA 1mg
                      shall have no liability with respect to the authenticity
                      of the Pharmaceutical Goods and Services being facilitated
                      through the Website.
You understand and agree that all commercial / contractual
                      terms, with respect to the sale/ purchase/ delivery and
                      consumption of the Pharmaceutical Goods and Services which
                      are offered by and agreed to between You and the Third
                      Party Pharmacies and the contract for purchase of any of
                      the Pharmaceutical Goods and Services, which are offered
                      for sale on the Website by the Third Party Pharmacies
                      shall strictly be a bipartite contract between the Third
                      Party Pharmacies and You.
The commercial / contractual terms include without
                      limitation - price, shipping costs, payment methods,
                      payment terms, date, period and mode of delivery,
                      warranties related to Pharmaceutical Goods and Services
                      offered for sale by the Third Party Pharmacies, and after
                      sales services related to such Pharmaceutical Goods and
                      Services are as provided by the Third Party Pharmacies.
                      TATA 1mg does not have any control over, and does not
                      determine or advise or in any way involve itself in the
                      offering or acceptance of, such commercial / contractual
                      terms offered by and agreed to, between You and the Third
                      Party Pharmacies.
Representation as to legal title
TATA 1mg does not make any representation or warranty as
                      to legal title of the Pharmaceutical Goods and Services
                      offered for sale by the Third Party Pharmacies on the
                      Website.
At no time shall any right, title, claim or interest in
                      the products sold through or displayed on the Website vest
                      with TATA 1mg nor shall TATA 1mg have any obligations or
                      liabilities in respect of any transactions on the Website.
                      You agree and acknowledge that the ownership of the
                      inventory of such Pharmaceutical Goods and Services shall
                      always vest with the Third Party Pharmacies, who are
                      advertising or offering them for sale on the Website and
                      are the ultimate sellers.
You agree and acknowledge that the Third Party Pharmacies
                      shall be solely responsible for any claim/ liability/
                      damages that may arise in the event it is discovered that
                      such Third Party Pharmacies do not have the sole and
                      exclusive legal ownership over the Pharmaceutical Goods
                      and Services that have been offered for sale on the
                      Website by such Third Party Pharmacies, or did not have
                      the absolute right, title and authority to deal in and
                      offer for sale such Pharmaceutical Goods and Services on
                      the Website.
Non-Performance of Contract
You accept and acknowledge the following:
TATA 1mg is not responsible for any unsatisfactory,
                      delayed, non-performance or breach of the contract entered
                      into between You and the Third Party Pharmacies for
                      purchase and sale of goods or services offered by such
                      Third Party Pharmacies on the Website;
TATA 1mg cannot and does not guarantee that the concerned
                      Third Party Pharmacies will perform any transaction
                      concluded on the Website;
The Third Party Pharmacy(s) are solely responsible for
                      ensuring that the Pharmaceutical Goods and Services
                      offered for sale on the Website are kept in stock for
                      successful fulfillment of orders received. Consequently,
                      TATA 1mg is not responsible if the Third Party Pharmacy(s)
                      does not satisfy the contract for sale of Pharmaceutical
                      Goods and Services which are out of stock, back ordered or
                      otherwise unavailable, but were shown as available on the
                      Website at the time of placement of order by You; and
TATA 1mg shall not and is not required to mediate or
                      resolve any dispute or disagreement between You and Third
                      Party Pharmacies. In particular, TATA 1mg does not
                      implicitly or explicitly support or endorse the sale or
                      purchase of any items or services on the Website. TATA 1mg
                      shall, on a request in writing made by You after the
                      purchase of any Pharmaceutical Goods and Services on the
                      Website, provide You with information regarding the Third
                      Party Pharmacies from which You have made such purchase,
                      including the principal geographic address of its
                      headquarters and all branches, name and details of its
                      website, its email address and any other information
                      necessary for communication with the Third Party Pharmacy
                      for dispute resolution.
Exhibition of drugs and publication of Third Party
                    Pharmacies content on the Website
You agree and acknowledge that the respective Third Party
                      Pharmacies are exhibiting Third Party Content which
                      includes catalogue of drugs/ pharmaceutical products or
                      services, and information in relation to such drugs/
                      pharmaceutical products or services, on the Website.
The Third Party Content available on the Website,
                      including without limitation, text, copy, audio, video,
                      photographs, illustrations, graphics and other visuals, is
                      for general information purposes only and does not
                      constitute either an advertisement/ promotion of any drug
                      being offered for sale by the Third Party Pharmacies on
                      the Website or any professional medical advice, diagnosis,
                      treatment or recommendations of any kind.
You acknowledge and agree that such Third Party Pharmacies
                      shall be solely responsible for ensuring that such Third
                      Party Content made available regarding the Pharmaceutical
                      Goods and Services offered for sale on the Website, are
                      not misleading and describe the actual condition of the
                      Pharmaceutical Goods and Services. In this connection, it
                      is solely the responsibility of the concerned Third Party
                      Pharmacy(s) to ensure that all such information is
                      accurate in all respects and there is no exaggeration or
                      over emphasis on the specifics of such Pharmaceutical
                      Goods and Services so as to mislead the Users in any
                      manner. You acknowledge and understand that TATA 1mg
                      provides no warranty or representation with respect to the
                      authenticity/ veracity of the information provided on the
                      Website and You must run Your own independent check. You
                      agree and acknowledge that TATA 1mg has not played any
                      role in the ascertainment of the actual impact/ effect of
                      any Pharmaceutical Goods and Services being offered for
                      sale by the Third Party Pharmacies on the Website.
                      Further, it is hereby clarified that the Third Party
                      Pharmacies are offering the Pharmaceutical Goods and
                      Services for sale to You and they are responsible for
                      procuring the appropriate licenses for the same under the
                      Drugs Act read with the Drug rules and the Pharmacy Act.
                      You agree and acknowledge that You shall not hold TATA 1mg
                      responsible or liable for any damages arising out of such
                      reliance on third party user generated content by You.
Prescription Drugs
The Website is a platform that can be used by the Users to
                      purchase various drugs and pharmaceutical products that
                      requires a valid medical prescription issued by a medical
                      expert/ doctor to be provided to a registered pharmacist
                      for the purpose of dispensing such medicine (“Prescription
                      Drugs”), offered for sale on the Website by Third Party
                      Pharmacies. In order to purchase Prescription Drugs from
                      Third Party Pharmacies through the Website, You are
                      required to upload a scanned copy of the valid
                      prescription on the Website or email the same to TATA 1mg.
                      The order would not be processed and forwarded to the
                      concerned Third Party Pharmacy(s) by TATA 1mg until it
                      receives a copy of a valid prescription. Third Party
                      Pharmacies will verify the prescription forwarded by You
                      and in case of Third Party Pharmacy(s) observe any
                      discrepancy in the prescription uploaded by You, the Third
                      Party Pharmacy(s) will cancel the order immediately. You
                      are also required to make the original prescription
                      available at the time of receipt of delivery of
                      Prescription Drugs. You shall allow the delivery agent to
                      stamp the original prescription at the time of medicine
                      delivery failing which medicines will not be delivered.
TATA 1mg shall maintain a record of all the prescriptions
                      uploaded by the Users.
Substitution of Prescribed Drugs
You acknowledge and accept that the order for a substitute
                      of a Prescription Drug would only be processed if the
                      medical expert/ doctor has himself/ herself permitted for
                      any other equivalent generic drug to be dispensed in place
                      of the Prescription Drug in the prescription or if the
                      prescription solely lists the salt names instead of a
                      specific brand name.
You further acknowledge and accept that, in the absence of
                      the above, the concerned Third Party Pharmacy would not
                      dispense a substitute drug in place of the Prescription
                      Drug.
Invitation to offer for sale
Notwithstanding anything else contained in any other part
                      of these Terms of Use, the listing of drugs and other
                      pharmaceutical products on the Website by the Third Party
                      Pharmacies is merely an ‘invitation to an offer for sale’
                      and not an ‘offer for sale’. The placement of an order by
                      You shall constitute an offer by You to enter into an
                      agreement with the Third Party Pharmacies (“Offer”). Post
                      the Offer from the Third Party Pharmacies, TATA 1mg shall
                      send an email to You with the information on the Offer
                      along with the details of the concerned Third Party
                      Pharmacy(s) who may undertake the sale, and such an email
                      shall not be considered as an acceptance of the Offer. The
                      acceptance of the Offer would only be undertaken by the
                      Third Party Pharmacy(s) after the validation/ verification
                      of the prescription by such Third Party Pharmacy (in case
                      of Prescription Drugs) and the ascertainment of the
                      available stock in the relevant Third Party Pharmacy(s)
                      (in the case of prescription as well as other drugs/
                      pharmaceutical products), by way of a confirmatory email
                      to be sent to You.
For the avoidance of any doubt, it is hereby clarified
                      that any reference of the term ‘offer/ offered for sale by
                      the Third Party Pharmacy’, as appearing in these Terms of
                      Use, shall be construed solely as an ‘invitation to offer
                      for sale’ by any such Third Party Pharmacy.
Transfer of Property and Completion of Sale
Upon acceptance of the Offer by the concerned Third Party
                      Pharmacy (being the brick and mortar pharmacy, the
                      Pharmaceutical Drugs and Services would be dispensed at
                      the pharmacy, in accordance with the terms of the order
                      placed by You. Such dispensation shall also take place
                      under the direct/ personal supervision of the pharmacist
                      of the Third Party Pharmacy, wherever required under the
                      applicable law(s).
You agree and acknowledge that the property and title in
                      the Pharmaceutical Drugs and Services ordered by You shall
                      stand immediately transferred to You upon the dispensation
                      of Pharmaceutical Drugs and Services and the raising of
                      the invoice at the concerned Third Party Pharmacy.
                      Accordingly, the sale of Pharmaceutical Drugs and Services
                      is concluded at the concerned Third Party Pharmacy itself.
The invoice in relation to the Pharmaceutical Drugs and
                      Services, that are required to be delivered to You shall
                      be issued by the concerned Third Party Pharmacy (being the
                      brick and mortar pharmacy) which is to process and satisfy
                      the order for such Pharmaceutical Drugs and Services.
Delivery of Drugs
You agree to appoint an individual who shall act in the
                      capacity of Your agent and collect the medicines as
                      requested by You from Third Party Pharmacy on Your behalf
                      ("User Agent"). You accept and acknowledge that the User
                      Agent shall be responsible to collect the medicines
                      ordered by You from the Third Party Pharmacy and to carry
                      it to the address notified by You.
You further agree and acknowledge that the User Agent acts
                      as Your agent for collecting the medicines from the Third
                      Party Pharmacy. The services are being undertaken by User
                      Agent with Your consent and therefore the Company is
                      merely facilitating for You and Users Agent to connect.
Advertising Guidelines for the Website –
As part of the Services provided by Us; We facilitate and
                  allow Third Party Advertisers to place advertisements on the
                  Website. Accordingly, there are guidelines (as listed herein
                  below) which the Third Party Advertisers have to follow for
                  placing such advertisements (the “Advertising Policy”).
For the Users:
TATA 1mg clearly distinguishes
                      between the editorial content and content that is created
                      or provided by one of Our Third Party Advertisers. The
                      advertisements will be labeled as "sponsored", "from our
                      Advertisers" or "advertisement". This content will not be
                      reviewed by Our in-house editorial staff and shall not be
                      subject to Our editorial policy (as set out herein below)
                      but shall be subject to the Advertising Policy, these
                      Terms of Use (except the editorial policy) and the Privacy
                      Policy.
For the Third Party Advertisers:
The Third Party
                      Advertisers must be honest about the products or services
                      their advertisements promote; the advertisement shall not
                      create unrealistic expectation and must not be misleading
                      or offending; must be responsible and of the highest
                      standards and without compromising the consumer
                      protection. The Advertising Policy applies to all the
                      advertisements, listed or sought to be listed, on the
                      Website.
General Rules:
All the advertisements must comply
                      with the Advertising Policy, the terms of these Terms of
                      Use (except the editorial policy) and the Privacy Policy.
                      TATA 1mg may, at any time and without having to serve any
                      prior notice to the Third Party Advertisers, (i) upgrade,
                      update, change, modify, or improve the Website or a part
                      thereof in a manner it may deem fit, and (ii) change the
                      content of the Advertising Policy and/ or these Terms of
                      Use and/ or the Privacy Policy. It is the responsibility
                      of the Third Party Advertisers, in such cases, to review
                      the terms of the Advertising Policy and/ or these Terms of
                      Use and/ or the Privacy Policy, from time to time. Such
                      change shall be made applicable when they are posted. TATA
                      1mg may also alter or remove any content from the Website
                      without prior notice and without liability. The Third
                      Party Advertisers are also responsible for ensuring that
                      their advertisements comply with all applicable law(s) in
                      India and any other jurisdiction that such Third Party
                      Advertiser(s) are based out of, industry codes, rules and
                      regulations in each geographic area where the
                      advertisements will run. All disclosures in the
                      advertisements must be clear and conspicuous.
Review:
All the advertisements are subject to the
                      review and approval of TATA 1mg. TATA 1mg reserves the
                      right to reject or remove any advertisement in its sole
                      discretion for any reason. Further, TATA 1mg also reserves
                      the right to request modifications to any advertisement,
                      and to require factual substantiation for any claim made
                      in an advertisement.
Prohibited Content:
The advertisements must not
                      infringe the intellectual property, privacy, publicity,
                      copyright, or other legal rights of any person or entity.
                      The advertisements must not be false, misleading,
                      fraudulent, defamatory, or deceptive. The following
                      advertisement content is prohibited:
content that demeans, degrades, or shows hate toward a
                          particular race, gender, culture, country, belief, or
                          toward any member of a protected class;
content depicting nudity, sexual behaviour, or obscene
                          gestures;
content depicting drug use;
content depicting excessive violence, including the
                          harming of animals;
shocking, sensational, or disrespectful content;
deceptive, false or misleading content, including
                          deceptive claims, offers, or business practices;
content that directs users to phishing links, malware,
                          or similarly harmful codes or sites; and
content that deceives the Users into providing
                          personal information without their knowledge, under
                          false pretences, or to companies that resell, trade,
                          or otherwise misuse that personal information; and
content that violates any law for the time being in
                          force.
Prohibited Advertisements:
Advertisements for the
                      following products and services are prohibited:
adult products and services (other than
                          contraceptives; see below);
cigarettes (including e-cigarettes), cigars, smokeless
                          tobacco, and other tobacco products;
products or services that bypass copyright protection,
                          such as software or cable signal descramblers;
products or services principally dedicated to selling
                          counterfeit goods or engaging in copyright piracy;
get-rich-quick or pyramid schemes or offers or any
                          other deceptive or fraudulent offers;
illegal or recreational drugs or drug paraphernalia;
counterfeit, fake or bootleg products, or replicas or
                          imitations of designer products;
firearms, weapons, ammunition, or accessories;
advertisements that promote particular securities or
                          that provide or allege to provide insider tips;
any illegal conduct, product, or enterprise;
unapproved pharmaceuticals and supplements;
prescription drugs;
products that have been subject to any government or
                          regulatory action or warning;
products with names that are confusingly similar to an
                          unapproved pharmaceutical or supplement or controlled
                          substance; and
material that directly advertises products to or is
                          intended to attract children under the age of 13.
Prohibited Advertisements under the Drugs and Magic
                        Act:
subject to the provisions of the Drugs and Magic Act,
                          no person shall take any part in the publication of
                          any advertisement referring to any drug which suggest
                          or are calculated to lead to the use of that drug for
                          –
the procurement of miscarriage in women or
                              prevention of conception in women; or
the maintenance or improvement of the capacity of
                              human beings for sexual pleasure; or
the correction of menstrual disorder in women; or
the diagnosis, cure, mitigation, treatment or
                              prevention of any disease, disorder or condition
                              specified in the schedule of the Drugs and Magic
                              Act, or any other disease, disorder or condition
                              (by whatsoever name called) which may be specified
                              in the rules made under the Drugs and Magic Act;
                              or provided that no such rule shall be made
                              except, – (i) in respect of any disease, disorder
                              or condition which requires timely treatment in
                              consultation with a doctor or for which there are
                              normally no accepted remedies; or
prohibition of misleading advertisements relating
                              to drugs;
subject to the provisions of the Drugs and Magic
                              Act, no person shall take any part in the
                              publication of any advertisement relating to a
                              drug if the advertisement contains any matters
                              which:
directly or indirectly gives a false
                                  impression regarding the true character of the
                                  drug; or
makes a false claim for the drug; or
is otherwise false or misleading in any
                                  material particular.
It is hereby clarified that that the Third Party
                          Advertisers will comply with all the provisions of the
                          Drugs and Magic Act and the rules made thereunder.
                          Further, it is agreed that the Third Party Advertisers
                          shall be solely responsible for any penalty or any
                          action taken by the governmental authorities for
                          non-compliance with the Drugs and Magic Act and the
                          rules made thereunder.
Restricted Advertisements:
Advertisements in the
                      following categories are restricted and require approval
                      on a case-by-case basis:
advertisements that promote or reference alcohol;
advertisements for online dating services;
advertisements for gambling and games of skill;
advertisements for lotteries;
advertisements for financial services;
advertisements for contraceptives;
advertisements for online pharmacies or
                          pharmaceuticals; and
political advertisements.
Testimonials & Endorsements:
any testimonials and endorsements contained in
                          advertisements must comply with all applicable law(s),
                          industry codes, rules, and regulations. For example, a
                          clear and conspicuous disclaimer is required if an
                          endorser's results were atypical or if the endorser
                          was paid;
TATA 1mg recognizes and maintains a distinct
                          separation between advertising and sponsored content
                          and editorial content. All advertising or sponsored
                          content on the Website of the Company will be clearly
                          and unambiguously identified; and
a click on an advertisement may only link the User to
                          the website of the Third Party Advertiser(s).
Editorial Policy for the Website –
As part of the Services, TATA 1mg provides TATA 1mg Content on
                  the Website targeted at general public for informational
                  purposes only and does not constitute professional medical
                  advice, diagnosis, treatment or recommendations of any kind.
                  TATA 1mg Content is subject to the following rules/
                  information:
TATA 1mg Content is original and is relevant to the general
                    public;
topics for TATA 1mg Content are selected by Our board of
                    qualified experts consisting of certified medical experts,
                    pharmacist and medical professionals;
topics for TATA 1mg Content are chosen on the basis of
                    current health news, drug alerts, new drug launches, latest
                    medical findings published in peer-reviewed medical
                    journals, such as ‘The Journal of the American Medical
                    Association’, ‘The New England Journal of Medicine’, ‘The
                    Lancet’, ‘Pediatrics’, ‘Diabetes Care’, and many others;
editorial board (as mentioned below) takes into account the
                    latest trending health and wellness topics like dengue,
                    swine flu, seasonal allergies, new vaccines, public
                    awareness trends like breast cancer awareness month," and
                    ‘Healthy Heart Month’; as well as emerging health and
                    nutrition trends like health benefits quinoa, use of BGR 34
                    for managing diabetes, alternative medicine like ayurveda,
                    homeopathy and much more;
TATA 1mg maintains principles of fairness, accuracy,
                    objectivity, and responsible, independent reporting;
the member of TATA 1mg has to fully disclose any potential
                    conflict of interest with any of the Third Party Service
                    Providers;
TATA 1mg’s editorial staff holds the responsibility of
                    providing objective, accurate, and balanced accounts of
                    events and issues; and
TATA 1mg’s editorial board constitutes of:
Dr. Rajeev Sharma MBBS, MBA
Dr. Anuj Saini MBBS, MMST
Dr. Sakshi Jain BDS, MS
Dr. Swati Mishra BDS
Dr. Sachin Gupta, MBBS, MD
Dr. Deepak Soni BAMS
Diagnostics Services –
As a condition of Your use of and access to the diagnostic
                  services provided through the Website and Your acceptance of
                  these Terms of Use, You are subject to the following rules/
                  guidelines:
Terms for use of the Diagnostic Services:
TATA 1mg provides Services through the Website as a
                          marketplace and facilitates the Users to avail
                          diagnostic test/ packages facilities offered by Third
                          Party Labs through the Website. TATA 1mg is not and
                          shall not be responsible for any sample collected,
                          tests conducted and reports generated by the Third
                          Party Labs and does not deal with any of Third Party
                          Labs’ client or patient managed by Third Party Labs
                          through the Website and only provides facilitation
                          Services to the Users through the Website. Use of the
                          Website may require the Third Party Labs to use
                          software and the Third Party Labs have to ensure the
                          procurement of such software from the concerned
                          providers. User and the Third Party Labs agree to use
                          the Website and the materials provided therein only
                          for purposes that are permitted by: (a) these Terms of
                          Use; and (b) any applicable law(s), regulation or
                          generally accepted practices or guidelines in the
                          relevant jurisdictions.
The Third Party Labs may not access the Services if
                          the Third Party Labs are TATA 1mg’s direct competitor,
                          except with TATA 1mg’s prior written consent. In
                          addition, the Third Party Labs may not access the
                          Services for purposes of monitoring their
                          availability, performance or functionality, or for any
                          other benchmarking or competitive purposes.
TATA 1mg will provide to the Third Party Labs basic
                          support for the Services at no additional charge,
                          and/or upgraded support if purchased separately and
                          will use commercially reasonable efforts to make the
                          Services available 24 (twenty-four) hours a day, 7
                          (seven) days a week, except for (i) planned downtime
                          or (ii) any unavailability caused by circumstances
                          beyond TATA 1mg’s reasonable control, including
                          without limitation Force Majeure Events (as defined
                          herein below). TATA 1mg will provide the Services only
                          in accordance with applicable law(s) and government
                          regulations.
The Services may be subject to certain limitations,
                          such as, limits on disk storage space, on the number
                          of calls Third Party Labs are permitted to make
                          against TATA 1mg’s application programming interface,
                          and, other limitations dependent on the Third Party
                          Labs plan, for example, number of SMS, or number of
                          Users. Any such limitations are specified in the Third
                          Party Labs’ plans. The Services provide real-time
                          information to enable Third Party Labs to monitor such
                          Third Party Labs’ compliance with such limitations.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
                          herein, Third Party Labs alone shall be liable for
                          Third Party Labs’ dealings and interaction with the
                          Users who avail the services of the Third Party Labs
                          or diagnostic centres contacted or managed through the
                          Website and TATA 1mg shall have no liability or
                          responsibility in this regard. TATA 1mg does not
                          guarantee or make any representation with respect to
                          the correctness, completeness or accuracy of the
                          information or details provided by such User, Third
                          Party Labs or any diagnostic centre or any third party
                          through the Website. The Services should not be used
                          for emergency appointment purposes.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
                          herein, Third Party Labs alone shall be liable for
                          dealings and interaction with Users contacted or
                          managed through the Website and TATA 1mg shall have no
                          liability or responsibility in this regard. TATA 1mg
                          does not guarantee or make any representation with
                          respect to the correctness, completeness or accuracy
                          of the tests conducted and reports generated by the
                          Third Party Labs.
TATA 1mg may, at its sole discretion, suspend Third
                          Party Labs or Users ability to use or access the
                          Website at any time while TATA 1mg investigates
                          complaints or alleged violations of these Terms of
                          Use, or for any other reason. 1mg has the right to
                          edit profiles of Third Party Labs to make them more
                          suitable for package searches on the Website. If Third
                          Party Labs and/ or Users find any wrong information on
                          the Website in relation to such Third Party Labs and/
                          or User, they can correct it themselves or contact
                          TATA 1mg immediately for such corrections. TATA 1mg
                          shall have no liability or responsibility in this
                          regard.
Any lab order pending for sample collection, pertaining to non-slot confirmation from the Customer, Customer being unresponsive/unreachable, or unavailable, for more than 72 hours from the time of placing the lab order, shall be subject to automatic cancellation by TATA 1MG.
Sample collection slots for a lab order can be rescheduled by a customer either through TATA 1mg platform or by contacting the customer support team of TATA 1MG. The slot rescheduling shall only be allowed up to 4 times within a period of 14 days from the initial date of slot booked by the customer. Beyond the said period, customer shall not be eligible for slot reschedule and TATA 1MG in its sole discretion reserves the right to cancel the lab order.
Terms for use of the Online Doctor Consultancy Services:
TATA 1mg is an online health platform that provides a variety
                  of online and online-linked health products and services to
                  the Users for health related information and resources.
                  Whenever We use the words "Your physician" or "Your doctor" or
                  "healthcare provider" or similar words on the Website,
                  including in these Terms of Use, We mean Your personal doctor
                  with whom You have an actual, mutually acknowledged,
                  doctor-patient relationship. TATA 1mg’s Medical Experts are
                  not "Your" physician or healthcare provider.
NO DOCTOR-PATIENT RELATIONSHIP
: TATA 1mg does not
                  replace Your relationship with physician or healthcare
                  provider. The information interpreted
SHOULD NOT
be
                  relied upon as a substitute for sound professional medical
                  advice, evaluation or care from Your physician or other
                  qualified healthcare provider.
You acknowledge that the Medical Experts empanelled with Us
                  are independent contractors and thereby TATA 1mg has an
                  independent contractor relationship with such Medical Experts
                  and therefore in no event TATA 1mg will be directly or
                  vicariously liable for any advice or medical consultancy or
                  any loss arising therefrom that the Medical Experts may
                  provide to You or You may avail as part of the Services.
You acknowledge that the e-prescription which may be issued by
                  the medical expert(s), in certain events, is not be a valid
                  prescription under applicable law(s) of India and may not be
                  used for dispensation of medicines by any pharmacist including
                  the Third Party Pharmacies. You further agree and acknowledge
                  that if You request us to process the e-prescription or any
                  form of prescription (whether original or scanned copy of the
                  original prescription) for facilitation of medicine orders,
                  then we will only act as an aggregator and assume no
                  responsibility and/ or liability in relation to the
                  dispensation of the medicines, which shall at all times be at
                  your sole risk and the sole responsibility of the Third Party
                  Pharmacies supplying the medicines to you.
You acknowledge that although some of the content, text, data,
                  graphics, images, information, suggestions, guidance, and
                  other material (collectively, “Information”) that is provided
                  to You on the Website (including Information provided in
                  direct response to Your questions or postings) may be provided
                  by individuals in the medical profession, the provision of
                  such Information does not create a doctor/medical
                  professional-patient relationship, but is provided to inform
                  You on various medical conditions, medical diagnosis and
                  treatment and it does not constitute a direct medical
                  diagnosis, treatment or prescription. Everything on the
                  Website should be used for information purposes only.
TATA 1mg is designed to support the health decisions and
                  choices that You make. These decisions and choices are Yours,
                  and We believe that You, in connection with the advice You
                  receive from Your doctor or other professional healthcare
                  provider, are the best decision maker about Your health. We
                  cannot make decisions for you. However, what We can do is help
                  You find good health information and connect with doctors for
                  in-person information. On TATA 1mg You can ask and find
                  informational questions and related educational answers by
                  Medical Experts. The Website is not a place for the practice
                  of medicine, but Medical Experts on the Website can be a
                  resource for reliable, relevant general health information.
Even if Your real life doctor is on TATA 1mg, personal medical
                  advice, treatment or diagnosis are not permitted through the
                  Website, and by using the Website You agree not to solicit
                  these or use any information as if it were personal advice,
                  treatment, or diagnosis. Whenever You want personal medical
                  advice, treatment, or diagnosis, You should contact Your
                  physician or professional healthcare provider and see them in
                  person.
We do not recommend or endorse any specific Medical Expert(s),
                  tests, products, procedures, opinions, or other information
                  that may be mentioned on the Website. Reliance on any
                  information provided on the Website is solely at Your own
                  risk. In case of any medical emergency, kindly contact Your
                  nearest doctor/hospital or any related helpline.
The Services are not for use in medical emergencies or for
                  critical health situations requiring prompt medical attention.
                  The Services are not intended to be real-time and may not be
                  the best solution when a face-to-face consultation is a must
                  and therefore We strongly discourage any delay in seeking
                  advice from Your doctor on account of something that You may
                  have heard/viewed on the Website. You take full responsibility
                  for ensuring that the information submitted is accurate and
                  TATA 1mg shall not make any effort to validate any information
                  provided by You for using the Services with respect to
                  content, correctness or usability. We, with an intention to
                  provide the best services possible could ask You to share more
                  information as and when needed.
The opinions, statements, answers and tele-consultations
                  (collectively
“Consultation”
) provided by the Medical
                  Experts through the Website are solely the individual and
                  independent opinions and statements of such Medical Experts
                  and do not reflect the opinions of TATA 1mg, its affiliates or
                  any other organizations or institutions to which such Medical
                  Expert or such specialist or professional is affiliated or
                  provides services. TATA 1mg does not recommend or endorse any
                  specific tests, physicians, products, procedures, opinions, or
                  other information that may be mentioned on the Website or by a
                  licensee of TATA 1mg.
The inclusion of professionals, specialists and/ or Medical
                  Experts on the Website or in any professional directory on the
                  Website does not imply recommendation or endorsement of such
                  specialists and/ or Medical Experts nor is such information
                  intended as a tool for verifying the credentials,
                  qualifications, or abilities of any specialists and/ or
                  Medical Experts contained therein. Such information is
                  provided on an ‘as-is’ basis and TATA 1mg disclaims all
                  warranties, either express or implied, including but not
                  limited to the implied warranties of merchantability and
                  fitness for particular purpose.
TATA 1mg (the owners and the employee staff of TATA 1mg),
                  Medical Experts and third-party professionals who offer the
                  Services through the Website accept no responsibility for any
                  medical, legal or financial events or outcomes related to the
                  Services availed through the use of the Website.
TATA 1mg makes no warranty that the Services will meet Your
                  requirements, or that the Service(s) will be uninterrupted,
                  timely, secure, or error free. This includes loss of data or
                  any service interruption caused by TATA 1mg employees. TATA
                  1mg is not responsible for transmission errors, corruption of
                  data.
The Website is for personal use and the Services are for
                  individuals to use for supporting their personal health
                  decisions. You may use the Website for personal, but not for
                  commercial, purposes.
The Website may not be used for illegal purposes. The
                  Information and Services may not be used for any illegal
                  purpose. You may not access our networks, computers, or the
                  Information and Services in any manner that could damage,
                  disable, overburden, or impair them, or interfere with any
                  other person's use and enjoyment. You may not attempt to gain
                  unauthorized access to any Information or Services, other
                  accounts, computer systems, or networks connected with the
                  Website, the Information, or Services. You may not use any
                  automated means (such as a scraper) to access the Website, the
                  Information, or Services for any purpose. Such unauthorized
                  access includes, but is not limited to, using another person’s
                  login credentials to access his or her TATA 1mg profile/
                  account. Any attempt by any individual or entity to solicit
                  login information of any other user or Medical Expert or to
                  access any such account is an express and direct violation of
                  these Terms of Use and of applicable law(s), including
                  relevant privacy and security laws and laws prohibiting unfair
                  or unethical business practices.
Your right to use the Services is not transferable.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, You
                  alone shall be liable for Your dealings and interaction with
                  patients or Medical Experts (as the case may be) contacted or
                  managed through the Website and TATA 1mg shall have no
                  liability or responsibility in this regard. TATA 1mg does not
                  guarantee or make any representation with respect to the
                  correctness, completeness or accuracy of the Information or
                  detail provided by such client, patient, User, Medical Experts
                  or any third party through the Website. The Services should
                  not be used for emergency appointment purposes.
The exchanges between the Medical Experts and the patient
                  through the chat window or over telephone (as the case maybe)
                  and the e-prescription would be accessible to TATA 1mg for the
                  purposes of monitoring the quality of the consultation.
TATA 1mg may, at its sole discretion, suspend User’s or
                  Medical Expert’s ability to use or access the Website at any
                  time while TATA 1mg investigates complaints or alleged
                  violations of these Terms of Use, or for any other reason.
                  TATA 1mg has the right to edit profiles of Medical Experts to
                  make them more suitable for patient/ Users searches on the
                  Website.
The Services should not be depended upon and should not be
                  treated as a replacement for obtaining consultation for
                  diseases as the consultation provided through the Website is
                  generic in the approach and shall not and cannot act as a
                  substitute for physical consultation with a doctor. Also the
                  Consultations provided through the Website are not diagnostic
                  in nature.
Risks of using TATA 1mg’s Services
As with any medical procedure, there are potential risks
                      associated with using the Services. By using the Services,
                      You agree to abide by these Terms of Use, Privacy Policy
                      and risks described below. These risks include, but may
                      not be limited to:
While the Website is an honest attempt to provide
                          access to the best possible medical information to the
                          Users, the Medical Experts will not be examining You
                          physically. The Medical Experts may not have access to
                          all or some of Your medical history that might be
                          critical to consult You. The Medical Experts will not
                          have the benefit of information that would be obtained
                          by examining You in person, observing Your physical
                          condition and by going through Your medical records.
                          This means that the Services provided is different
                          from the diagnostic and treatment services typically
                          decided by a physician. Therefore, the Medical Experts
                          may not be aware of facts or information that would
                          affect his or her opinion of Your diagnosis. To reduce
                          the risk of this limitation, TATA 1mg strongly
                          encourages You to be in touch with an on-ground
                          physician and share the TATA 1mg’s opinion with
                          him/her.
By requesting a medical opinion through the Website,
                          You acknowledge and agree that:
the advice/information/opinion on diagnosis You
                              may receive could be limited and provisional;
the medical opinion is not intended to replace a
                              face-to-face visit with a physician and it does
                              replace an actual doctor-patient relationship;
in case of a second opinion where there is a
                              difference of opinion among Our Medical Experts
                              and Your physician, You would bear the
                              responsibility to decide on online or offline
                              consultation, or procedure, and/or treatment;
the Medical Expert is reliant on information
                              provided by You and hence any information
                              demonstrated to have been falsified, misleading or
                              incomplete will immediately render the opinion and
                              all details therein null and void;
in some cases, the Medical Expert may determine
                              that the transmitted information is of inadequate
                              quality and may ask for more information, without
                              which he/she may refuse to answer the query;
in rare cases, the Medical Experts may feel that
                              the query may not be answerable without physically
                              examining the patient/ Users and the Consultation
                              may be refused forthwith;
in very rare instances, security protocols could
                              fail, causing a breach of privacy of personal
                              medical information; and
delays in medical evaluation and answers could
                              occur due to deficiencies or failures of the
                              service as per those mentioned in these Terms of
                              Use.
OTHER TERMS
Your Profile, Collection, Use, Storage and Transfer of Personal
                Information:
Your TATA 1mg profile is created to store record of Your
                  Consultations and Your personal health information online,
                  including history, health conditions, allergies and
                  medications.
Any information provided as part of a web Consultation or
                  obtained from use of the Services by You becomes part of Your
                  TATA 1mg record. You agree to provide accurate information to
                  help Us serve You best to Our knowledge, to periodically
                  review such information and to update such information as and
                  when necessary. TATA 1mg reserves the right to maintain,
                  delete or destroy all communications and materials posted or
                  uploaded to the Website according to its internal record
                  retention and/or destruction policies. You might be contacted
                  via email to review the information provided by You for TATA
                  1mg’s record or for the Services. Please make sure You provide
                  a valid email-id and You update it as and when needed.
For additional information regarding use of information about
                  You, please refer to the Privacy Policy.
The terms “personal information” and “sensitive personal data
                  or information” are defined under the Information Technology
                  (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive
                  Personal Information) Rules, 2011 (the “
SPI Rules
”),
                  and are reproduced in the Privacy Policy.
The Privacy Policy sets out:
the type of information collected from Users,
                          including sensitive personal data or information;
the purpose, means and modes of usage of such
                          information; and
how and to whom TATA 1mg will disclose such
                          information.
The Users are expected to read and understand the Privacy
                      Policy, so as to ensure that he or she has the knowledge
                      of:
the fact that the information is being collected;
the purpose for which the information is being
                          collected;
the intended recipients of the information;
the name and address of the agency that is collecting
                          the information and the agency that will retain the
                          information; and
the various rights available to such Users in respect
                          of such information.
TATA 1mg shall not be responsible in any manner for the
                  authenticity of the personal information or sensitive personal
                  data or information supplied by the Users to TATA 1mg or any
                  other person acting on behalf of TATA 1mg.
The use of the Website involves every Users’ registration
                  information and browsing history being stored and submitted to
                  the appropriate authorities. The consent and procedure for
                  such collection and submission is provided in the Privacy
                  Policy. The other information collected by TATA 1mg from Users
                  as part of the registration process is described in the
                  Privacy Policy. The consent and revocation procedures in
                  relation to the same are set out in the Privacy Policy.
The Users are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality
                  of the Users’ account access information and password. The
                  Users shall be responsible for all uses of the Users’ account
                  and password, whether or not authorized by the Users. The
                  Users shall immediately notify TATA 1mg of any actual or
                  suspected unauthorized use of the Users’ account or password.
If a User provides any information that is untrue, inaccurate,
                  not current or incomplete (or becomes untrue, inaccurate, not
                  current or incomplete), or TATA 1mg has reasonable grounds to
                  suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not
                  current or incomplete, TATA 1mg shall have the right to
                  suspend or terminate such account at its sole discretion.
TATA 1mg may disclose or transfer User Information (as defined
                  in the Privacy Policy) to its affiliates in other countries,
                  and You hereby consent to such transfer. The SPI Rules only
                  permit TATA 1mg to transfer sensitive personal data or
                  information including any information, to any other body
                  corporate or a person in India, or located in any other
                  country, that ensures the same level of data protection that
                  is adhered to by TATA 1mg as provided for under the SPI Rules,
                  only if such transfer is necessary for the performance of the
                  lawful contract between TATA 1mg or any person on its behalf
                  and the user or where the User has consented to data transfer.
By accepting these Terms of Use and by registering on the
                  Website, You consent to be contacted by Us and/or by our third
                  party service providers.You further consent to receive Calls,
                  emails and messages (SMS) notifications and information from
                  Us and from Third Party Service Providers including for
                  promotions, discount and/or other service delivery related
                  issues.
Payment, Fees and Taxes:
Registration on the Website and the access to the information
                  provided on the Website is free. TATA 1mg does not charge any
                  fee for accessing, browsing and buying through the Website.
                  You agree to make all payments directly to the respective
                  Third Party Pharmacies for purchase of Pharmaceutical Goods
                  and Services from such Third Party Pharmacies and to the
                  Company in case of purchase of Pharmaceutical Goods and
                  Services directly from the Company. The Third Party Pharmacies
                  may choose to either personally collect such payment from You
                  or may use the services of collection agents duly appointed in
                  this regard. You agree and acknowledge that You shall not hold
                  TATA 1mg responsible for any loss or damage caused to You
                  during the process, due to any acts or omission on the part of
                  third parties viz. the Third Party Pharmacies or the
                  collection agents or for any actions/ omissions which are
                  beyond the control of TATA 1mg.
In relation to the diagnostic services being availed from the
                  Website, the User agrees to pay all package fees, consulting
                  fees and other fees applicable to the Third Party Labs for use
                  of such Services and the Third Party Labs shall not circumvent
                  the fee structure. The fee is dependent on the package that
                  the Third Party Labs purchase and not on actual usage of the
                  Services. In relation to the Users using the diagnostic
                  Services, the Users agree to make all payments directly to the
                  respective Third Party Labs for use of the diagnostic Services
                  from the Website. You agree and acknowledge that You shall not
                  hold TATA 1mg responsible for any loss or damage caused to You
                  during the process, due to any acts or omission on the part of
                  the Third Party Labs’ any actions/ omissions which are beyond
                  the control of TATA 1mg.
Each User / Third Party Service Providers are solely
                  responsible for payment of all taxes, legal compliances,
                  statutory registrations and reporting. TATA 1mg is in no way
                  responsible for any of the taxes except for its own income
                  tax.
The subscription fees for the Services, if any charged by TATA
                  1mg, could be paid online through the facility made on the
                  Website. Third parties support and services are required to
                  process online fee payment. TATA 1mg is not responsible for
                  any loss or damage caused to User/ Third Party Service
                  Providers during this process as these third parties are
                  beyond the control of TATA 1mg. The fees could also be paid
                  offline and be either collected personally from the User/
                  Third Party Service Providers or required to be mailed to TATA
                  1mg at the following address of its Corporate office at Tata
                  1MG Healthcare Solutions Private Limited, 5th Floor Tower –B
                  of The Presidency Building, 46/4 Mehrauli Gurgaon Road, Sector
                  14, Gurgaon, Haryana-122001, India.
All fees are exclusive of applicable taxes.
TATA 1mg reserves the right to modify the fee structure by
                  providing on the Website which shall be considered as valid
                  and agreed communication.
In order to process the payments, TATA 1mg might requires
                  details of User’s/ Third Party Service Providers’ bank
                  account, credit card number etc. Please check Our Privacy
                  Policy on how TATA 1mg uses the confidential information
                  provided by Users.
Available payment methods: Wallets: Paytm, AmazonPay,
                  Mobikwik, AirtelMoney, Freecharge, OlaMoney, JIO Money,
                  PhonePe, MPESA UPI – BHIM and GooglePay. All debit and credit
                  cards. Cash on delivery for offline payments.
Applicable payment charges: No charges levied.
Details, including contact information of all payment service
                  providers: Paytm (https://paytm.com/care/ticket), AmazonPay
                  (https://www.amazonpay.in/contact), Mobikwik
                  (https://blog.mobikwik.com/contactus/), AirtelMoney
                  (https://www.airtel.in/personal/money/contact-us), Freecharge
                  (https://www.freecharge.in/contactus), OlaMoney
                  (https://www.olamoney.com/support/index.html), JIO Money
                  (https://www.jiomoney.com/contactus.html), PhonePe
                  (https://www.phonepe.com/contact-us/), MPESA UPI – BHIM
                  (https://www.bhimupi.org.in/get-touch) and GooglePay
                  (https://support.google.com/pay/india/gethelp).
Security details in relation to payment methods: API
                  integrated.
Charge-back options: No.
Return, Refund, Cancellation and Shipping charges:
We offer return and refund on the products and Services ordered by
              You on the Website which are subject to further terms and
              conditions as detailed in the return, refund, cancellation and
              shipping charges policy (“Return and Refund Policy”). The
Return and Refund Policy
forms an
              integral part of these Terms of Use and the Users are requested to
              carefully read the same.
Covenants: (Covenanters for the purposes of these Terms of Use
                shall include the Users and the Third Party Service
                Providers)
Each Covenanter undertakes that it shall not do any act or
                  post, display, upload, modify, publish, transmit, update or
                  share any information that -
belongs to another person and to which the such Covenanter
                      does not have any right;
is grossly harmful, insulting or harassing on the basis of
                      gender, blasphemous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic,
                      paedophilic, libellous, invasive of another's privacy
                      including bodily privacy, hateful, racially or ethnically
                      objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money
                      laundering or gambling, or otherwise inconsistent with or
                      contrary to the laws in force;
infringes any patent, trademark, copyright or other
                      proprietary rights;
violates any law for the time being in force;
impersonates another person;
is harmful to child;
deceives or misleads the addressee about the origin of
                      such messages or knowingly and intentionally communicates
                      any information that is patently false or misleading in
                      nature but may reasonably be perceived as a fact;
contains software viruses or any other computer code,
                      files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit
                      the functionality of any computer resource;
is prohibited under applicable law(s) for the time being
                      in force including Drugs Act read with the Drugs Rules,
                      the Drugs and Magic Act, the Indian Penal Code, 1860, as
                      amended from time to time and rules made there under;
is patently false and untrue, and is written or published
                      in any form, with the intent to mislead or harass a
                      person, entity or agency for financial gain or to cause
                      any injury to any person; and
threatens the unity, integrity, defense, security or
                      sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign
                      states, or public order or causes incitement to the
                      commission of any cognizable offence or prevents
                      investigation of any offence or is insulting any other
                      nation.
You are also prohibited from:
violating or attempting to violate the integrity or
                      security of the Website or any TATA 1mg Content;
transmitting any information (including job posts,
                      messages and hyperlinks) on or through the Website that is
                      disruptive or competitive to the provision of Services by
                      TATA 1mg;
intentionally submitting on the Website any incomplete,
                      false or inaccurate information;
making any unsolicited communications to other
                      Covenanters;
using any engine, software, tool, agent or other device or
                      mechanism (such as spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent
                      agents) to navigate or search the Website;
attempting to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse
                      engineer any part of the Website;
copying or duplicating in any manner any of the TATA 1mg
                      Content or other information available from the Website;
                      and
framing or hotlinking or deeplinking any TATA 1mg Content.
TATA 1mg, upon obtaining knowledge by itself or been brought
                  to actual knowledge by an affected person in writing or
                  through email signed with electronic signature about any such
                  information as mentioned in this Clause 4, shall be entitled
                  to disable such information that is in contravention of this
                  Clause 4 or any provisions of these Terms of Use. TATA 1mg
                  shall be entitled to preserve such information and associated
                  records for at least 90 (ninety) days for production to
                  governmental authorities for investigation purposes.
In case of non-compliance with any applicable law(s), rules or
                  regulations, or these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy by a
                  Covenanter, TATA 1mg has the right to immediately terminate
                  the access or usage rights of the Covenanter to the Services
                  and to remove noncompliant information.
Liability
TATA 1mg shall not be responsible or liable in any manner to
                  the Users or any Third Party Service Providers (collectively
                  referred to as the
“Other Parties”
) for any losses,
                  damage, injuries or expenses incurred by Other Parties as a
                  result of any disclosures made by TATA 1mg, where Other
                  Parties have consented to the making of such disclosures by
                  TATA 1mg. If the Other Parties had revoked such consent under
                  the terms of the Privacy Policy, then TATA 1mg shall not be
                  responsible or liable in any manner to the Other Parties for
                  any losses, damage, injuries or expenses incurred by the Other
                  Parties as a result of any disclosures made by TATA 1mg prior
                  to its actual receipt of such revocation.
The Other Parties shall not hold TATA 1mg responsible or
                  liable in any way for any disclosures by TATA 1mg under
                  Regulation 6 of the SPI Rules.
The Services provided by TATA 1mg or any of its licensors or
                  providers or Third Party Service Providers are provided ‘as
                  is’, as available, and without any warranties or conditions
                  (express or implied, including the implied warranties of
                  merchantability, accuracy, fitness for a particular purpose,
                  title and non-infringement, arising by statute or otherwise in
                  law or from a course of dealing or usage or trade). TATA 1mg
                  does not provide or make any representations, warranties or
                  guarantees, express or implied about the Website or the
                  Services. TATA 1mg does not verify any content or information
                  provided by the Other Parties on the Website and to the
                  fullest extent permitted by applicable law(s), disclaims all
                  liability arising out of the Other Parties’ use or reliance
                  upon the Website, the Services, the TATA 1mg Content, Third
                  Party Contents, representations and warranties made by the
                  Other Parties on the Website or any loss arising out of the
                  manner in which the Services have been rendered.
The Website may be linked to the website of third parties,
                  affiliates and business partners. TATA 1mg has no control
                  over, and not liable or responsible for content, accuracy,
                  validity, reliability, quality of such websites or made
                  available by/through the Website. Inclusion of any link on the
                  Website does not imply that TATA 1mg endorses the linked
                  website. Other Parties may use the links and these services at
                  their own risk.
TATA 1mg shall not be responsible for the mishaps/missed
                  services due to no service/no show from the Other Parties;
                  TATA 1mg shall not be responsible for any error in any of the
                  services being provided by the Third Party Service Providers.
Users accept and acknowledge that TATA 1mg does not provide
                  any representation or give any guarantee or warranty (whether
                  express or implied, or whether arising by virtue of a statue
                  or otherwise in law or from a course of dealing or usage or
                  trade) in relation to the goods/ products and services made
                  available on its Website by Third Party Service Providers,
                  including any guarantee or warrantee that such goods/ products
                  (i) are merchantable; (ii) fit for the purpose of which they
                  are to be (or have been) purchased;(iii) have accurate
                  description; (iv) do not cause any infringement; and (v) that
                  the Third Party Service Providers have legal title over the
                  goods/products being offered for sale by them on the Website.
                  TATA 1mg also does not provide any representation or give any
                  guarantee or warranty (whether express or implied) about the
                  Website or any of the Services offered or services offered or
                  provided by the Third Party Service Providers.
The Other Parties further accept and acknowledge that TATA 1mg
                  does not verify any content or information provided by either
                  the Users or the Third Party Services/ or obtained from the
                  Users or the Third Party Service Providers, and to fullest
                  extent permitted by applicable law(s), disclaims all liability
                  arising out of the Other Parties’ use or reliance upon the
                  Website, the Services, the TATA 1mg Content, Third Party
                  Content, representations and warranties made by the Other
                  Parties on the Website or any opinion or suggestion given or
                  expressed by TATA 1mg or any Third Party Service Providers in
                  relation to any Services provided by TATA 1mg.
TATA 1mg assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable
                  for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect Other Parties’
                  equipment on account of the Other Parties’ access to, use of,
                  or browsing the Website or the downloading of any material,
                  data, text, images, video content, or audio content from the
                  Website. If any of the Other Party is dissatisfied with the
                  Website, the sole remedy of such Other Party(s) is to
                  discontinue using the Website.
The listing of Third Party Service Providers on the Website is
                  based on numerous factors including Users comments and
                  feedbacks. In no event shall the Protected Entities (as
                  defined herein below) be liable or responsible for the listing
                  order of Third Party Service Providers on the Website.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law(s), TATA
                  1mg, its affiliates, independent contractors, service
                  providers, consultants, licensors, agents, and
                  representatives, and each of their respective directors,
                  officers or employees (
“Protected Entities”
), shall not
                  be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental,
                  punitive, exemplary or consequential damages, or any other
                  damages of any kind, arising from, or directly or indirectly
                  related to, (i) the use of, or the inability to use, the
                  Website or the content, materials and functions related
                  thereto; (ii) User's provision of information via the Website;
                  even if such Protected Entity has been advised of the
                  possibility of such damages.
In no event shall the Protected Entities be liable for, or in
                  connection with, (i) the provision of, or failure to provide,
                  all or any products or service by a Third Party Service
                  Provider to any User; or (ii) any comments or feedback given
                  by any of the Users in relation to the goods or services
                  provided by any Third Party Service Providers; or (ii) any
                  content posted, transmitted, exchanged or received by or on
                  behalf of any User, Third Party Service Providers or other
                  person on or through the Website.
TATA 1mg disclaims any liability in relation to the validity
                  of the medical advice provided by the Medical Experts and the
                  validity and legality of the e-prescription for dispensation
                  of medicines and conduct of diagnostic tests. All liabilities
                  arising out of any wrong diagnosis of medical condition by the
                  Medical Experts and/ or arising from the e-prescription will
                  be of the concerned Medical Expert. Further, all liabilities
                  arising out of any wrong diagnosis report by the Third Party
                  Labs and/ or arising from the wrong dispensation of the
                  Pharmaceutical Goods and Services will be of the concerned
                  Third Party Labs or the Third Party Pharmacies as the case may
                  be.
The Users may share their previous medical history during
                  interaction with the Medical Experts. The Users undertake to
                  share such information at their own risk. TATA 1mg reserves
                  the right to retain such information for the purpose of
                  providing Services to the Users.
With respect to the Consultation Services, after selection of
                  the type of treatment viz. Homeopathy, Allopathy or Ayurveda
                  along with the specification of the disease by the patient,
                  TATA 1mg will decide the Medical Expert to whom the query
                  should be directed based on the information shared by the
                  User. However, in no event the Protected Entities shall be
                  held liable for the losses attributable to such decision
                  making and in no event shall the Protected Entities be liable
                  for any Consultation provided and/or e-prescription issued by
                  the Medical Expert by using the interface of online medical
                  consultancy.
The Users acknowledge that the Protected Entities merely act
                  in the capacity of facilitators between the Other Parties by
                  providing a platform for them to interact and transact. In no
                  event shall the Protected Entities be held liable for any of
                  the losses attributable to Services offered through the
                  Website.
In no event shall the total aggregate liability of the
                  Protected Entities to any Other Parties for all damages,
                  losses, and causes of action (whether in contract or tort,
                  including, but not limited to negligence, strict liability,
                  product liability or otherwise) arising from these Terms of
                  Use or any Other Parties’ use of the Website exceed an
                  aggregate amount of INR 1000/- (Indian Rupees One Thousand
                  only). TATA 1mg accepts no liability for any errors or
                  omissions on behalf of the Other Parties.
In no event shall the Protected Entities be liable for failure
                  on the part of the Users or Third Party Service Providers to
                  provide agreed services or to make himself/herself available
                  at the appointed time, cancellation or rescheduling of
                  appointments. In no event shall the Protected Entities be
                  liable for any comments or feedback given by any of the Users
                  in relation to the services provided by a Third Party Service
                  Providers.
Indemnity
The Covenanters agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless TATA
              1mg, the Protected Entities, independent contractors, service
              providers, consultants, licensors, agents, and representatives,
              and each of their respective directors, officers and employees,
              from and against any and all claims, losses, liability, damages,
              and/or costs (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorney
              fees and costs) arising from or related to (a) Covenanters access
              to or use of Website; (b) Covenanters violation of these Terms of
              Use or any applicable law(s); (c) Covenanters violation of any
              rights of another person/ entity, including infringement of their
              intellectual property rights; or (d) Covenanters conduct in
              connection with the Website.
Modification of Website
TATA 1mg reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily
              or permanently, the Website or any features or portions thereof
              without prior notice. Other Parties agree that TATA 1mg will not
              be liable for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of
              the Website or any other part thereof.
Intellectual property rights
All the intellectual property used on the Website except those
              which have been identified as the intellectual properties of the
              Other Parties shall remain the exclusive property of the Company.
              The Other Parties agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise
              interfere with security related features of the Website or
              features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any materials
              or enforce limitations on use of the Website or the materials
              therein. The materials on the Website or otherwise may not be
              modified, copied, reproduced, distributed, republished,
              downloaded, displayed, sold, compiled, posted or transmitted in
              any form or by any means, including but not limited to,
              electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or other means.
Compliance of Applicable Law
While communicating/ transacting with each other through the
                  Website, the Other Parties shall at all times ensure full
                  compliance with the applicable provisions of the Contract Act,
                  IT Act, IG Guidelines, Drugs Act read with the Drug Rules,
                  Drugs and Magic Act, The Indian Medical Council Act, 1956 read
                  with the Indian Medical Council Rules, 1957, Pharmacy Act,
                  Consumer Protection Act, 1986, SPI Rules, etc (“Captioned
                  Laws”). as well as all other laws for the time being in force,
                  and ensure due payment of applicable taxes. They must
                  specifically ensure that they are in no way purchasing
                  Pharmaceutical Good and Services or Prescription Drugs without
                  a valid prescription, which are prohibited under the Drugs Act
                  (read with the Drugs Rules) as well as the other applicable
                  laws for the time being in force.
The Users must also ensure that the prescription uploaded on
                  the Website or emailed to TATA 1mg for processing the order
                  for Prescription Drugs is a valid prescription duly obtained
                  from a registered medical practitioner. The Users acknowledge
                  and accept that they shall bear all costs/ liability/ damages,
                  caused to the Third Party Service Providers or to TATA 1mg, as
                  a result of any dispensation of Prescription Drugs by the
                  Third Party Service Providers owing to the non-compliance by
                  the User in this regard.
Termination (Parties for the Purpose of these Terms of Use shall
              collectively mean the Other Parties and TATA 1mg)
The provisions of these Terms of Use shall continue to apply
                  until terminated by either of the Party as set for below:
In case of Other Parties wanting to terminate these Terms
                      of Use, Other Parties may do so by:
not accessing the Website; or
closing their accounts for all of the Services that
                          they use.
TATA 1mg reserves the right to, at any time, and with or
                      without notice, terminate these Terms of Use against each
                      of the Users or the Third Party Service Providers or the
                      Other Parties as a whole, if there is:
breach any of applicable law(s), including but not
                          limited to the Captioned Laws or the provisions of
                          these Terms of Use or the terms of the Privacy Policy
                          or any other terms, conditions, or policies that may
                          be applicable to the Other Parties from time to time
                          (or have acted in a manner that clearly shows that
                          Other Party(s) do not intend to, or are unable to,
                          comply with the same); or
TATA 1mg is unable to verify or authenticate any
                          information provided to TATA 1mg by Other Party(s); or
TATA 1mg believes, in its sole discretion, that Other
                          Party(s) actions may cause legal liability for TATA
                          1mg (or any of its affiliates, independent
                          contractors, service providers, consultants,
                          licensors, agents, and representatives) or are
                          contrary to the interests of the Website; or
TATA 1mg is required to do so by law; or
if Other Party(s) fail to provide (or after providing
                          such consent, later revoke) the consents necessary or
                          desirable for TATA 1mg to provide the Services to the
                          Other Party(s); or
The provision of the Services to the Other Party(s),
                          or to the general public, is in TATA 1mg’s opinion, no
                          longer commercially viable; or
TATA 1mg has elected to discontinue, with or without
                          reason, access to the Website or the Services (or any
                          part thereof).
TATA 1mg may also terminate or suspend (temporarily or
                      permanently) all or a portion of Other Party(s) account or
                      access to the Services, with or without reason. Except as
                      may be set forth in any of the terms applicable to a
                      particular Service, termination of Other Party(s) account
                      may include: (i) removal of access to all offerings within
                      the Website or with respect to the Services; and (ii)
                      barring Other Party(s) from further use or access of the
                      Website or of any of the Services.
Once terminated or suspended (temporarily or permanently),
                      Other Party(s) may not continue to use the Website under
                      the same account, a different account or re-register under
                      a new account.
Upon termination of these Terms of Use, TATA 1mg shall
                      have no obligation to maintain or provide any of Other
                      Party(s) data and may thereafter, unless legally
                      prohibited, delete all of Other Party(s) data in its
                      systems or otherwise in its possession or under its
                      control, including but not limited to Other Party(s)
                      personal information, log-in ID and password, order
                      details (including any prescriptions uploaded) and all
                      related information, files and materials associated with
                      or inside Other Party(s) account (or any part thereof).
TATA 1mg reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to
                      pursue all of its legal remedies, including but not
                      limited to deletion of the Other Party(s) content from the
                      Website with or without ability to access the Website and
                      the other Services, upon any breach by the Other Party(s)
                      of these Terms of Use or if TATA 1mg is unable to verify
                      or authenticate any information the Other Party(s) submits
                      to TATA 1mg, or if the Other Party(s) fail to provide (or
                      after providing such consent, later revokes) the consents
                      necessary or desirable for TATA 1mg to provide the
                      Services to the Other Party(s).
The right to terminate/ suspend the account is in addition
                      to, and without prejudice to, TATA 1mg’s right to initiate
                      action against the Other Party(s), in accordance with
                      applicable law.
Force Majeure
Other Parties accept and acknowledge that TATA 1mg shall not be
              liable for any loss or damage caused to the User as a result of
              delay or default or deficiency or failure in the Services as a
              result of any natural disasters, fire, riots, civil disturbances,
              actions or decrees of governmental bodies, communication line
              failures (which are not caused due to the fault of TATA 1mg or the
              Third Party Service Providers), or any other delay or default or
              deficiency or failure which arises from causes beyond TATA 1mg’s
              reasonable control (
“Force Majeure Event”
). In the event of
              any Force Majeure Event arising, TATA 1mg, depending on whose
              performance has been impacted under the Terms of Use, shall
              immediately give notice to the Other Party(s) of the facts which
              constitute the Force Majeure Event.Further, delivery time periods
              specified on Website shall always be nonbinding under all
              circumstances as delivery is dependent on multiple factors that
              can assume uncertainty at any moment for unforeseen reasons beyond
              Company’s control.
Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
These Terms of Use and any contractual obligation between the
              Parties will be governed by the laws of India, without reference
              to the conflict of laws principles. Any legal action or proceeding
              related to Other Party(s) access to, or use of, the Website or
              these Terms of Use shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction
              of the courts at New Delhi. All disputes will be subject to
              arbitration at New Delhi in English by a sole arbitrator appointed
              by TATA 1mg under the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996.
Survival
Even after termination, certain obligations mentioned under
              Covenants, Liability, Indemnity, Intellectual Property, Dispute
              Resolution will continue and survive termination.
Severability
If any provision of these Terms of Use is deemed invalid,
              unlawful, void or for any other reason unenforceable, then that
              provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms of Use and
              shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any of the
              remaining provisions.
Waiver
No provision of these Terms of Use shall be deemed to be waived
              and no breach excused, unless such waiver or consent shall be in
              writing and signed by TATA 1mg. Any consent by TATA 1mg to, or a waiver by
              TATA 1mg of any breach by Other Parties, whether expressed or implied,
              shall not constitute consent to, waiver of, or excuse for any
              other different or subsequent breach.
Headings
The headings and subheadings herein are included for convenience
              and identification only and are not intended to describe,
              interpret, define or limit the scope, extent or intent of these
              Terms of Use.
Contact Information
If any Other Party(s) has any grievance, comment, question or
              suggestion regarding any of our Services, please contact our
              customer service at
[email protected]
. If
              any Other Party(s) has any questions concerning TATA 1mg, the Website,
              these Terms of Use, or anything related to any of the foregoing,
              TATA 1mg can be reached at the following email address -
[email protected]
or
              via the contact information available from the following :
Contact us
. Please also
              refer to our grievance redressal policy available at
https://www.1mg.com/grievance-redressal-policy
Account Deletion
Deleting an account is a permanent action and cannot be reversed. In case you want to use Tata 1mg services again, you will need to create a new account which will have no previous order history. In order to delete your account, please download the app and follow these steps : Go to  Need Help -> Profile -> How do I delete my account -> Account deletion.
INDIA’S LARGEST HEALTHCARE PLATFORM
260m+
Visitors
31m+
Orders Delivered
1800+
Cities
Get the link to download App
Enter Phone Number
Send Link
Know Us
About Us
Contact Us
Press Coverage
Careers
Business Partnership
Become a Health Partner
Corporate Governance
Our Policies
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Editorial Policy
Return Policy
IP Policy
Grievance Redressal Policy
Fake Jobs and Fraud Disclaimer
Our Services
Order Medicines
Book Lab Tests
Consult a Doctor
Ayurveda Articles
Hindi Articles
Care Plan
Connect
Social Links
Want daily dose of health?
SIGN UP
Download App
Reliable
All products displayed on Tata 1mg are procured from verified and licensed pharmacies. All labs listed on the platform are accredited
Secure
Tata 1mg uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) 128-bit encryption and is Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) compliant
Affordable
Find affordable medicine substitutes, save up to 50% on health products, up to 80% off on lab tests and free doctor consultations.
India's only LegitScript and ISO/ IEC 27001:2022 certified online healthcare platform
Know more about Tata 1mg
Access medical and health information
Tata 1mg provides you with medical information which is curated, written and verified by experts, accurate and trustworthy. Our experts create high-quality content about medicines, diseases, lab investigations, Over-The-Counter (OTC) health products, Ayurvedic herbs/ingredients, and alternative remedies.
Order medicines online
Get free medicine home delivery in over 1800 cities across India. You can also order Ayurvedic, Homeopathic and other Over-The-Counter (OTC) health products. Your safety is our top priority. All products displayed on Tata 1mg are procured from verified and licensed pharmacies.
Book lab tests
Book any lab tests and preventive health packages from certified labs and get tested from the comfort of your home. Enjoy free home sample collection, view reports online and consult a doctor online for free.
Consult a doctor online
Got a health query? Consult doctors online from the comfort of your home for free. Chat privately with our registered medical specialists to connect directly with verified doctors. Your privacy is guaranteed.
© 2026 Tata 1mg. All rights reserved. All medicines are dispensed in compliance with the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940 and Drugs and Cosmetics Rules, 1945. We do not process requests for Schedule X and habit forming drugs.