Terms and Conditions | 2nd Swing Golf
Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of
website accessibility
Lefties
Women's
Huge Selection of Scotty Cameron Circle Ts -
SHOP NOW
Customize Any New OR Used Club! -
SHOP NOW
Shop Srixon Iron Sets -
SHOP NOW
Over 16,854 Pre-Owned Clubs Added This Week! -
SHOP NOW
The store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled.
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies.
Learn more
OK
Drivers
Iron Sets
Trade
Fitting
Shafts
Gift Cards
Putters
Wedges
Comparison Videos
TERMS & CONDITIONS
Effective February 19th, 2026
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BEFORE USING THIS SITE
In using this site you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following terms and conditions. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site. This site is owned and operated by 2nd Swing. 2nd Swing reserves the right to change, modify or otherwise alter these terms and conditions at any time. Any changes and/or modifications shall become effective immediately upon the posting of such changes. Please take the time to review these terms and conditions periodically. The continued use of the site following any changes and/or modifications will constitute acceptance of the revised terms and conditions.
LIMITED-TIME EXTRA 10% OFF USED WEDGES WITH CODE WEDGE10
Starting 8/4/25 2nd Swing will offer an extra 10% OFF used wedges with promotional code WEDGE10 at checkout. Excludes all new and custom order clubs. Excludes new PING clubs. Excludes all Scotty Cameron clubs. Offer valid online with promotion code or in-store by presenting promotional materials with the offer at checkout. Discounts cannot be applied retroactively to previously purchased items. Cannot be combined with other offers. 2nd Swing reserves the right to end promotions at any time and adjust orders accordingly if promotion codes experience any issues, or do not function as intended.
LIMITED-TIME EXTRA 10% OFF USED CLUBS FOR VETERANS DAY
Starting 11/10/25 2nd Swing will offer an extra 10% OFF off used clubs with promotional code emailed to military and veterans upon form completion. Excludes all new and custom order clubs. Excludes new PING clubs. Excludes all Scotty Cameron clubs. Offer valid online with promotion code or in-store by presenting the offer at checkout. Offer valid through 11/13/25. Discounts cannot be applied retroactively to previously purchased items. Cannot be combined with other offers. 2nd Swing reserves the right to end promotions at any time and adjust orders accordingly if promotion codes experience any issues, or do not function as intended.
LIMITED-TIME PROMOTION FOR SIRIUS XM SUBSCRIBERS
Starting 3/21/24 2nd Swing will offer an extra $20 off your first purchase of $100 or more with promotional code provided via SiriusXM radio advertising on the PGA TOUR Radio channel. Excludes all new and custom order clubs. Excludes new PING clubs. Offer valid online only. Discounts cannot be applied retroactively to previously purchased items. Cannot be combined with other offers. 2nd Swing reserves the right to end promotions at any time and adjust orders accordingly if promotion codes experience any issues, or do not function as intended.
Limited Time 10% Trade or Sell Bonus with code BONUS10
Starting 2/19/26 2nd Swing will offer an extra 10% bonus when trading or selling your old clubs. Offer valid online with promo code BONUS10 or In Store with presentation of promotional marketing materials (email, webpage, social post, etc). Bonus cannot be applied retroactively to previously traded items. Cannot be combined with other offers. 2nd Swing reserves the right to end promotions at any time and adjust orders accordingly if promotion codes experience any issues, or do not function as intended.
CLEARANCE EVENT PRICING & PROMOTION EXCLUSIONS
Starting 8/4/25 2nd Swing will offer limited-time price drops and promotions on select items. Clearance event and promotional items are limited to (1) purchase per sku and/or club model. Offers valid online and in-store. Discounts cannot be applied retroactively to previously purchased items. 2nd Swing reserves the right to end promotions and price drops at any time and adjust orders accordingly.
Free 2-DAY Shipping on Fitters' Choice Clubs
2nd Swing will offer free 2-day shipping for all in stock Fitters' Choice clubs. Free 2-day shipping is only valid in the contiguous 48 United States. Excludes International Shipments. Free 2-day shipping offer is valid only for in stock Fitters' Choice clubs and does not include new clubs that need to be custom ordered through a manufacturer. FREE 2-Day Shipping offers on Fitters' choice clubs applies to clubs in "Brand New" condition only. Orders including products not eligible for this program will not qualify for FREE 2-Day Shipping. Selecting 2-Day shipping on Used Clubs or other non-Fitters' Choice items will result in shipping fees. Other exclusions may apply.
LIMITED-TIME EXTRA 75% OFF Ryder Cup Apparel with code RC75 at Checkout
Starting 11/26/25 2nd Swing will offer an extra 75% off Ryder Cup apparel with code RC75 checkout. Offer valid online only. Discounts cannot be applied retroactively to previously purchased items. Cannot be combined with other offers. 2nd Swing reserves the right to end promotions at any time and adjust orders accordingly if promotion codes experience any issues, or do not function as intended.
LIMITED-TIME EXTRA 60% OFF APPAREL & SHOES WITH CODE STYLE60
Starting 1/30/26 2nd Swing will offer an extra 60% off apparel and shoes with code STYLE60 checkout. Excludes Puma, Ecco, & Footjoy. Offer valid online only. Discounts cannot be applied retroactively to previously purchased items. Cannot be combined with other offers. 2nd Swing reserves the right to end promotions at any time and adjust orders accordingly if promotion codes experience any issues, or do not function as intended.
LIMITED-TIME 2ND SWING $1,000 GIFT CARD GIVEAWAY WITH COMPLETED PLAYER PROFILE
Starting 11/15/24 through the month of November all customers who complete their 2nd swing Player Profile in full will be entered into a random drawing for a $1,000 2nd Swing Gift Card. Customers with existing 2ndswing.com customer accounts with complete player profile information DO NOT need to create a new account. Customers with multiple accounts will not be rewarded or entered multiple times.  Drawing will take place in month of December. Winner will be contacted via email. 2nd Swing reserves the right to end promotions at any time and adjust orders accordingly if promotion codes, offers, or contests experience any issues, or do not function as intended.
Apparel and Shoe Sales
All apparel and shoe sales are final.
2nd Swing reserves the right to end promotions at any time and adjust orders accordingly if promotion codes experience any issues, or do not function as intended.
2025 Holiday Returns Offer
All Apparel and Shoes sales are final at this time and do not qualify for the Free Return Offer. Holiday gift purchases made between 11/26/2025 and 12/31/2025 may be returned by 1/31/2026 for full value. Products must be returned in the same condition in which they were purchased. If products are not returned in the same condition, they may be returned under our 60-day play guarantee policy. All returns will be refunded in the form of store credit, Corporate Check, or refunded back to the Credit Card which items were purchased on. Holiday gift items may not be returned for a refund in the form of cash. All products returned after 1/31/2026 will fall under our 60-day play guarantee if within the 60-day window. If you are not within the 60-day window from when your purchase is made you may trade or sell your items using the current pricing found in our value guide here:
Trade In Golf Clubs
HOLIDAY SHIPPING GUARANTEE CUT OFF DATES
We’ll ensure your package arrives in time for the holidays if you place your order by these dates! Delivery is guaranteed by end of day 12/24.
GROUND:   Order by Wednesday, December 17th by 10A cst
2 DAY:  Order by Monday, December 22th by 10A cst
OVERNIGHT: Order by Tuesday, December 23rd by 10A cst
*Guarantee applies to in-stock items only and does not cover items that need to be ordered from the manufacturer. Applies to shipments within the contiguous 48 US States only. Excludes all golf bags, headcovers, push carts, and complete sets. Orders must be placed by 10A cst on the dates listed above to guarantee delivery by 12/24.
Limited-time guarantee (Orders placed by 10a cst on 12/18-12/19): Our team will upgrade your delivery from standard ground to expedited options when needed to ensure delivery by 12/24. All exclusions above still apply.
Use of the Site
This site may be used for legitimate shopping purchases only. You may not attempt to harm this site in any way or use the site in an improper manner. If you choose to register and purchase a product through this site you agree to provide true and accurate information about yourself as prompted through the site registration process. If you provide false, inaccurate, incomplete information, or 2nd Swing suspects that any information provided is false, inaccurate or incomplete, 2nd Swing has the right, at its sole discretion, to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any current or future use of the site including the cancellation of orders.
License to Use the Site
This site contains copyrighted materials, trademarks and other proprietary information, the rights to which are owned by 2nd Swing, its related entities, parents, and its licensors or licensees. You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from the site for your own person use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions. You may not use, reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on this site for a commercial purpose. You may not edit or otherwise modify any material on the site or redistribute material from the site.
Links
This site may provide links to other sites, 2nd Swing has no control over such sites and has not reviewed the contents of other such sites. By using this site you agree that 2nd Swing is not responsible for the availability of external sites or resources and is not liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials available from other such sites. The inclusion of a link to any site does not imply endorsement by 2nd Swing. Use of any such linked site is at the user's own risk.
Revisions
The materials appearing on this site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. 2nd Swing does not warrant that any of the materials on its site are accurate, complete, or current. 2nd Swing may make changes to the materials contained on this site at any time without notice. 2nd Swing does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
Inventory
The items on this site are not guaranteed to be in stock at any given time. If an item is purchased that is not available in our inventory, 2nd Swing will contact you in a timely manner and a refund will be issued in full.
Disclaimer
The information and all materials contained on it are distributed and transmitted on an "as is" and "as available" basis, without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, warranties of merchantability of fitness for a particular purpose. 2nd Swing does not warrant that:
The site will be consistently available or available at all
The contents of this site (including pricing and other product information) will be accurate, reliable or error-free, or that any errors in such contents will be corrected; or mistakes in pricing or other product details will be honored
This site or the server that makes it available is free of viruses or other harmful components
Use of this site will be uninterrupted
Limitations of Liability
2nd Swing will not be liable to you under any circumstances or under any legal theory (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts, negligence, or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this site to you or any other person for damages, whether direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, punitive or otherwise that result from, arise out of, or are in connection with the use of or access to, or the inability to use or access, this site or its contents, even if 2nd Swing has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Exceptions to Disclaimer and Limitations of Liability
Nothing in this disclaimer or limitations of liability will exclude or limit any warranty implied by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit. None of your statutory rights as consumers are affected. Nothing in this site disclaimer will exclude or limit 2nd Swing's liability in respect of death or personal injury caused by 2nd Swing's negligence or any matter which it would be illegal or unlawful for 2nd Swing to exclude or limit, or to attempt or purport to exclude or limit, its liability.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless, 2nd Swing, its affiliates, parents, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, representatives, and third party providers to the site from and against all losses, expenses, damages, and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of this agreement by you. 2nd Swing reserves the right to assumes, at its sole expense, the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with 2nd Swing in asserting any available defenses.
Customer Submissions
Any suggestions, materials, ideas, or comments submitted to 2nd Swing shall be deemed not confidential. By submitting anything to 2nd Swing you hereby grant 2nd Swing an irrevocable unrestricted license to use, modify, reproduce, transmit, display and distribute any such materials, information, suggestions, ideas or comments, excluding your name, for any purpose whatsoever, and you represent and warrant to 2nd Swing that no such submissions will violate or infringe upon any copyright, trademark, or any other intellectual property or other rights or any person or entity.
New Product Orders
All new product orders that qualify for free shipping will be shipped through FedEx Ground. Some new product orders may be placed through manufacturers and therefore can take up to 10business days to fulfill. Please take note of this when selecting your shipping option.
*Free shipping is not available on any new Ping products.
New product orders being shipped internationally do not qualify or free shipping; if an order is placed through the website we will contact you to obtain payment for international shipping charge. If you choose to have a new product shipped international you may also call to order.
All orders placed for brand new Ping equipment will have follow up with 2nd Swing to do a fitting (if one is not done prior to the purchase). Your order will not ship until 2nd Swing can conduct a fitting to verify the specs that are ordered. 2nd Swing will contact you VIA the telephone number provided on the order.
Promotional Items
If New or Used products are returned and a promotional item was gifted, the gifted item must be returned as well. If the gifted item is not returned with your products, the value of the gifted item will be deducted from your refund.
SMS Marketing
The 2nd Swing Golf mobile message service (the "Service") is operated by DotDigital Inc. (“2nd Swing”, “we”, or “us”). Your use of the Service constitutes your agreement to these terms and conditions (“Mobile Terms”). We may modify or cancel the Service or any of its features without notice. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may also modify these Mobile Terms at any time and your continued use of the Service following the effective date of any such changes shall constitute your acceptance of such changes. We do not charge for the Service, but you are responsible for all charges and fees associated with text messaging imposed by your wireless provider. Message and data rates may apply.
Messages will be sent from 2nd Swing via text messages through your wireless provider to the mobile number you provided. Message and data rates may apply. Msg frequency varies. Text the single keyword command STOP to 59378 to cancel at any time. You'll receive a one-time opt-out confirmation text message. If you have subscribed to other 2nd Swing mobile message programs and wish to cancel, except where applicable law requires otherwise, you will need to opt out separately from those programs by following the instructions provided in their respective mobile terms. For Service support or assistance, text HELP to 59378 or
contact us
here.
We may change any short code or telephone number we use to operate the Service at any time and will notify you of these changes. You acknowledge that any messages, including any STOP or HELP requests, you send to a short code or telephone number we have changed may not be received and we will not be responsible for honoring requests made in such messages.
The wireless carriers supported by the Service are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. You agree to provide us with a valid mobile number. You agree to maintain accurate, complete, and up-to-date information with us related to your receipt of messages.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that we will not be liable for failed, delayed, or misdirected delivery of any information sent through the Service, any errors in such information, and/or any action you may or may not take in reliance on the information or Service.
For all questions related to our SMS Service, please get in touch with us at: (612)216-4152 or
contact us
here. If you have any questions regarding privacy, please read our privacy policy: https://www.2ndswing.com/privacy-policy
SMS Customer Service
The 2nd Swing Golf Customer service mobile message service (the "Service") is operated by Twilio Inc. (“2nd Swing”, “we”, or “us”). Your use of the Service constitutes your agreement to these terms and conditions (“Mobile Terms”). We may modify or cancel the Service or any of its features without notice. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may also modify these Mobile Terms at any time and your continued use of the Service following the effective date of any such changes shall constitute your acceptance of such changes. We do not charge for the Service, but you are responsible for all charges and fees associated with text messaging imposed by your wireless provider. Message and data rates may apply.
Messages will be sent from 2nd Swing via text messages through your wireless provider to the mobile number you provided. Message and data rates may apply. You can receive up to two messages per week. Text the single keyword command STOP to 844-976-3325 to cancel at any time. You'll receive a one-time opt-out confirmation text message. If you have subscribed to other 2nd Swing mobile message programs and wish to cancel, except where applicable law requires otherwise, you will need to opt out separately from those programs by following the instructions provided in their respective mobile terms. For Service support or assistance, text HELP to 844-976-3325 or
contact us
here.
We may change any short code or telephone number we use to operate the Service at any time and will notify you of these changes. You acknowledge that any messages, including any STOP or HELP requests, you send to a short code or telephone number we have changed may not be received and we will not be responsible for honoring requests made in such messages.
The wireless carriers supported by the Service are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. You agree to provide us with a valid mobile number. You agree to maintain accurate, complete, and up-to-date information with us related to your receipt of messages.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that we will not be liable for failed, delayed, or misdirected delivery of any information sent through the Service, any errors in such information, and/or any action you may or may not take in reliance on the information or Service.
For all questions related to our SMS Service, please get in touch with us at: (612)216-4152 or
contact us
here. If you have any questions regarding privacy, please read our privacy policy: https://www.2ndswing.com/privacy-policy
Cancelled Orders
All orders that are cancelled prior to the shipment being sent out will be charged a 10% cancellation fee.
Headcovers, Tools and Accessories
Club headcovers, tools, wrenches, weights or any other accessories are not included with the club unless shown in the pictures or listed in the notes section.
Jurisdiction and Governing Law
This site is controlled and operated by 2nd Swing from its offices in Minneapolis, Minnesota. These terms and conditions, as well as the privacy policy contained on this site, are managed by 2nd Swing from its offices in Minneapolis, Minnesota. By accessing this site you agree that these terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Minnesota, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. You also irrevocably consent to personal jurisdiction in the City and State of Minneapolis, Minnesota for any dispute arising hereunder.
Reasonableness
By using this site, you agree that the disclaimer, exclusions and limitations of liability set out in these terms and conditions are reasonable. If you do not think they are reasonable, then you must not use this site.
Severability
If any provision of these terms and conditions is, or is found to be, unenforceable under applicable law, that will not affect the enforceability of the other provisions of the terms and conditions of this site. If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
Notification of Claimed Copyright Infringement
If you wish to notify 2nd Swing of an alleged copyright infringement for material posted on our site, to be effective, your notice must be a written communication to our designated address that complies with Section 512(c)(3) of the U.S. Copyright Act. Please consult your legal advisor.
Such written notice should be sent to our designated address as follows:
Legal Counsel - 2nd Swing
6752 Shady Oak Rd
Eden Prairie, MN 55344
United States
Effective Date and Policy Changes
2nd Swing may make changes to these terms and conditions. Accordingly, 2nd Swing reserves the right to revise or modify these terms and conditions in whole or in part at any time. 2nd Swing will inform you of any updates or changes by changing the updated date below. The updated Terms and Conditions shall replace any prior terms and will be applicable to all current and past users of our site.
These terms and conditions were last updated on February 22, 2022.
Contact Information
If there are any questions regarding these terms and conditions you may contact us using the information below.
2nd Swing
6752 Shady Oak Rd
Eden Prairie, MN 55344
United States
PHONE: 612-216-4152
Newsletter
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
I agree to the
Privacy Policy
Subscribe
Connect with us
Customer Service
Contact Us
Shipping Info
Return Policy
FAQ
Condition Guide
Order Status
How to Leave a Review
Gift Cards
Company Info
Our Story
Store Locations
Fittings
Privacy Policy
CA Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Refer A Friend
Careers & Opportunities
Why Shop 2nd Swing Golf?
Golf Services
AI Search (Beta)
Trade-In
Play Guarantee
Golf Club Customization
Tour Van Fitting
Trade-In For Golf Professionals
PGAA Member Affiliate Program
Affiliate Program
The Turn Content Hub
Product Comparison Videos
Club Finder
Golf Club Brands
PING
Titleist
Callaway
Taylormade
Mizuno
Cobra
Cleveland
Odyssey
Scotty Cameron
PXG
Handmade Stix