365SCORES TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Last updated on August 18, 2024

Thank you for wishing to use any of the services provided by 365 Scores Ltd, a company registered in Israel under company number 514423623 and with registered office at 2 Nahalat Tichak, Tel-Aviv Yaffo, 6744801, Israel  ("365 Scores" or “Company” or “we” “us” or “our”). We currently provide our services through an Internet website https://www.365scores.com/ (which also may include internet browser add-ons and extensions), and through our Android & iOS application for use with mobile devices (the “Services” or the “Applications”).


1. General Terms

1.1. "User" or "you"– each person or entity accessing or using the Services, from any type of device.


1.2. In the event of contradiction between the provisions of these terms and the provisions of any other advertisement or publication, of any kind whatsoever, it is hereby clarified that these Terms and any of its provisions shall prevail.


2. Acceptance of Terms

2.1. By downloading, activating or utilizing our Services, you hereby represent, warrant and agree to, and are bound by these terms of use (the "Terms"). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES. As long as you do not cease your use of the Services, you will be conclusively deemed to have accepted these Terms.


2.2. We reserve the right at any time and from time to time to modify and change these terms and conditions. These Terms, as amended from time to time by 365 Scores, constitute a binding and legal agreement between you and 365 Scores upon the time they were first published via a link in the website, and your first use of the Services.


3. Services and License

3.1. We reserve the right at any time and from time to time to modify, suspend, or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Services or any part thereof, or User's access thereto, and to modify, suspend or delete the Applications or any part thereof.


3.2. The Services provide for different updates concerning sports events: e.g., score boards, live scores, betting odds, statistics, pop-ups updates and any other content 365 Scores decides to offer to the User. Moreover, the Services may contain links to articles in the area of sports, or other areas of that we consider to be of interest, a designated search engine and advertising and marketing information.


3.3. By installing any of the Applications, 365 Scores hereby grants you a limited, personal and non-exclusive license to install and use these Applications, for personal non-commercial purposes only, designed to improve your mobile device experience or your web browsing experience by providing you with relevant content relating to sports or to other fields.


4. Use Limitation

4.1. Except to the extent expressly permitted in this Agreement or required by law on a non-excludable basis the use of the Services shall be subject to the following prohibitions:


4.2. You must not sub-license your right to access and use the Services;


4.3. You must not permit any unauthorized person to access or use the Services;


4.4. You must not use the Services to provide services to third parties;


4.5. You must not copy, or make any alteration to, or access the software code of, the Platform or damage, interfere with, or disrupt the integrity, performance or use of the Services;


4.6. You must not use the Services in any way that is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity;


4.7. You must provide the Company, at the earliest possible notice, the details of changes to your policies or procedures that may affect any aspect of this Agreement or the Services; and


5. No Commercial use of the Services


The Services are not intended for your commercial use, or any other non-personal use. 365 Scores, its affiliates and partners, and they alone, are permitted to place advertisements and commercial information through the Services.


6. Registration to the Service

The Services are offered to you at this time free of charge. We will not charge fees for use of the Services unless we explicitly notify you in advance and obtain your approval. Some of the Services may require registration, in which case you may be requested to give personal information for registering for an account. Please note that you may not be able to register to the Services if you will not provide certain details that are required for registration. If you choose to register or submit information you agree to the use of such data in accordance with our privacy policy, and the information you provide will be kept in the 365 Scores' data base.



7. Ownership of Intellectual Property by the Company

7.1. Certain content and information provided on and through the Services, including, without limitation, 365 Scores' logo, trademark, graphics, design, information, text, images, data and other material displayed, available or present through the Applications (the "Content") are the copyrighted and/or trademarked work of 365 Scores solely or of 365 Scores' affiliates, and may not be used without express written permission from us, other than for attribution.


7.2. 365 Scores retains all rights, including any intellectual property rights in its Content. This Content, or any part thereof, is the property of 365 Scores solely, and is protected by applicable intellectual property laws. You hereby acknowledge that you have no right, title or interest in or to any of the 365 Scores Content.


7.3. Except as expressly permitted in these Terms, you have no right to modify, edit, copy, reproduce, create derivative works of, reverse engineer, alter, enhance or in any way exploit any of the 365 Scores Content in any manner.


8. Limitation of Liability

8.1. The Services are provided to you free of charge, and at your own risk. 365 Scores’ entire liability and your exclusive remedy with respect to any dispute with 365 Scores (including without limitation your use of the Services) is to discontinue your use and uninstall the Applications.


8.2. 365 Scores and its affiliates, or their respective directors, officers, employees or agents shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or exemplary damage arising from your use of the Services or for any other claim related in any way to your use or registration with the Services. These exclusions for direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages include, without limitation, damages for lost profits, lost data, loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any other commercial damages or losses, even if 365 Scores had been advised of the possibility thereof and regardless of the legal or equitable theory upon which the claim is based. Because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such jurisdictions, 365 Scores' liability shall be limited to the extent permitted by law.


8.3. 365 Scores does not endorse, warrant or guarantee any product or service offered through this site and will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and third-party providers of products or services. User acknowledges and agrees that without the foregoing exclusions and limitations of liability, 365 Scores would not be able to offer the Services.


9. Warranty Disclaimers

9.1. User acknowledges and agrees that the Services and any of their content, are provided "as is", "as available", and "with all faults", are used only at your sole risk, to the fullest extent permissible by law. 365 Scores disclaims all warranties, express or implied, of any kind, regarding the Services (including their content, products, information, software, and links), and including any implied warranties as to fitness for a particular purpose, merchantability, title, non-infringement, results, accuracy, completeness, accessibility, compatibility, suitability, reliability, availability, timeliness, quality, or lack of viruses. If applicable law does not allow the exclusion of some or all of the above implied warranties to apply to you, the above exclusions will apply to you to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.


9.2. Any information regarding sports results, live scores, betting odds, sports updates, statistics or any other information published through the Services, is provided and published by different third parties, and not on the behalf of 365 Scores or any of its affiliates or representatives. Please note that such information does not constitute an advice, recommendation nor an authorized opinion, and does not replace the necessity of consulting with a professional to the extent necessary. For the avoidance of doubt, 365 Scores shall not be liable for any mistakes, errors, or inaccuracy in the information published through the Services.
You hereby exempt 365 Scores from any liability for such mistakes, errors, or inaccuracy and/or for any damages whatsoever caused to you due to your reliance on any information displayed through the Services.


9.3. Furthermore, 365 Scores shall not be liable for the Content or the credibility of any advertising displayed in the Applications, and such advertisements do not constitute encouragement or recommendation by 365 Scores for the purchase of the advertised services or products.


9.4. Please note, that the Services may provide for links to other websites, applications or add-ons maintained by third parties, which may not be governed by these Terms, and 365 Scores shall not be responsible for the compatibility or nature of such links or their content.


10. Intellectual Property Infringement Claims by Third Parties

10.1. If you believe there is content linked through the Services that violates copyright law, please notify us, and we may remove or prevent access to the allegedly infringing material following receipt from you of all of the following information:


10.1.1.a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;


10.1.2.a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located;


10.1.3.your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;


10.1.4.a statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law and that the information you are submitting is accurate;


10.1.5. an electronic or physical signature of the owner of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest.


10.2. You may submit your Notification of Copyright Infringement (“Notification”) to 365 Scores. By e-mail to: contact@365scores.com. Please be aware that anyone submitting a Notification who makes misrepresentations concerning copyright infringement may be liable for damages incurred to 365 Scores of such Notification.


11. Online Gambling

11.1. You are subject to the laws of the country, state, city or other legal entity (collectively "Jurisdiction") in which you reside and/or from which you access the Services. Access to certain websites and applications that might offer online gambling might not be legal for some or all residents of, or persons present in, certain Jurisdictions.


11.2. Without derogating from the foregoing, it is your responsibility to determine the law that applies in the applicable Jurisdiction, and 365 Scores does not make any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the lawfulness of your participation in online gambling, or that materials displayed on the Applications are appropriate for use in your Jurisdiction.


11.3. 365 Scores does not intend that online gambling websites be accessed by persons present in Jurisdictions in which the playing of games, betting, gambling or entering sweepstakes may be prohibited or restricted. You agree that the Services do not constitute an offer, solicitation or invitation by 365 Scores for the use of any service in any Jurisdiction in which such activities are prohibited or restricted.


12. Privacy Policy

12.1. If you choose to use the Services, you agree to the use of any data we may collect in accordance with our Privacy Policy https://www.365scores.com/pages/privacy which forms an integral part of these Terms.


12.2. In short, we log visitor's domain and IP address automatically; this information does not identify you as an individual, but only the device that is being used to log in to the Services. We also use cookies (small text files stored in a user’s browser) or Web beacons (electronic images that allow the Application to count visitors who have accessed a particular page and to access certain cookies) to gather personally unidentified information. Other than in respect of personally identified information, if you provide information to us, you agree that we have unlimited rights to such information and that we may use such information in any way we choose. Such information shall be deemed to be non-confidential.


12.3. We collect only personally identified information that is specifically and voluntarily provided by you, for example, information you provide upon your registration for accounts, email addresses, your correspondences with us, if any, etc. "Personal Information" shall means identifying information, including but not limited to name, phone number, home address, electronic mail address, and every other information having identifying nature.


12.4. We may share users' information with the partners and service providers to facilitate the delivery of the Services and as necessary to allow you to enjoy the Services.


12.5. We reserve the right to use or disclose Personal Information to law enforcement, regulatory, other government agencies, or third parties, if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect the 365 Scores’ rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or a legal process.



13. Changes and Retention

13.1. 365 Scores reserves the right to purge User's content from its databases at any time and from time to time without notice, and it is Users' responsibility to back up any such content or data. We may also disable your account (if applicable) and access to use the Services and 365 Scores may recover from User any losses, damages, costs or expenses incurred by 365 Scores resulting from or arising out of User's non-compliance with any provision of these Terms.


13.2. 365 Scores may at any time modify, suspend, or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Services or any part thereof, impose restrictions on them in its sole discretion, for a specific User or all users, without the need to give notice, including but not limited to block, cutoff, restrict, and cease services for any reason.


13.3. When you use the Services, you hereby acknowledge and agree that 365 Scores shall not be liable to you or to any third party, for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Services or any modification, suspension or deletion of the Applications, and you waive any claim regarding reliance on the Services.


13.4. These Terms of Use may be amended by us at any time and from time to time. It is our policy to publish any changes amendments to these Terms of Use on our Website. Changes to these Terms of Use shall become binding and effective when they are published on our Websites. Your continued use of the Website or its services after the amended Terms of Use have entered into effect will constitute your acceptance of them.


14. Assignment

365 Scores may assign and/or transfer the Terms at any time and/or any of its rights and/or its obligations under these Terms, or all part thereof, including but not limited to giving licenses or secondary licenses, to third parties.


15. Applicable law

The Services, these Terms and any dispute arising in connection therewith, shall be exclusively governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England, and you hereby agree that all such disputes shall be brought exclusively in the appropriate courts of London, England.


16. Contact Information

If you have questions or concerns regarding these Terms of Use, please contact us at: contact@365scores.com.