Privacy Policy
Experience the captivating gameplay of Privacy Policy! Get ready for incredible graphics in this game! Welcome to 8Games.net, an online gaming platform. We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it. This Privacy Policy outlines our practices concerning collecting, using, and sharing your information. Using the 8Games.net site, you agree to the practices described in this Privacy Policy. These practices may be changed, and any changes made will be posted here. All modifications will only apply to activities and the future and will not be retroactive. We encourage you to visit this page whenever you visit the site 8Games.net to ensure that you are aware of the changes to this Privacy Policy and to inform you about how we use your information privately. This privacy policy applies only to this website and no other partner sites.


Data We Collect

We do not collect or store any personal data from our users. However, some third-party games available on our platform might collect data. We recommend that you read the privacy policies of these third-party games if you have concerns about your privacy. You can read more about the cookies that we use to run the site here.


Advertisements

8Games.net features ads to support the platform. These ads may use cookies or other tracking mechanisms to show relevant advertisements. Although we strive to offer a safe user experience, we cannot control or take responsibility for ad content or the data they might collect. Our site displays advertisements offered by Google or Google affiliate partners such as WeeGooAds. You can explore what Google knows about you via Ads Preferences and DoubleClick DART cookie.


Third-Party Games

Our platform hosts games from various developers and studios. While we select our partners carefully, we cannot take responsibility for the actions or policies of these third parties. Some third-party games may contain ads and might collect user data. Please review the privacy policies of these third-party games if you have concerns.


Links to Other Websites

Our website may contain links to other sites for giving credentials, adding sources, social platforms, but not limited to those, and downloading the game via Google Play Store, App Store, Steam, Itch.io, but not limited to those. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.


Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.


Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.