Terms of Use
            
            
            
            
            
            - Care Health
Find Trials Near Me
Terms of Use
Terms of Use -- Welcome
Welcome to Care Health Source (the Site), the patient information website of Clinical Media, LLC (Clinical Media, we, or us). Care Health Source provides services to match consumers with clinical trials, health-related products, and other relevant offers (the "Services"). The Site also provides links to other health related services and providers. We appreciate your commitment to clinical trials and finding better ways to prevent, diagnose or treat diseases and health problems.
While we can’t promise that you will find or qualify for any particular study, receive treatment or achieve any specific outcomes, we do provide potential access to a wide variety of clinical trials, including those that are currently seeking participants.
Please read these Terms carefully before using the Care Health Source Services, and understand that qualifying for clinical trials is a multi-step process, so you will need to provide information both on a web form through the Site and over the phone to have a chance to qualify for any specific clinical research project.
By using the Care Health Source Services, you accept the terms and restrictions described in these Terms. If you do not agree to any of these terms, please do not use the Services, because you will be held to them. We sometimes change our Terms to accurately reflect our Services and practices and will post revised versions of our Terms on the Site.
Your Contact Information and Eligibility
We cannot contact you through Site or complete your request for clinical trials information without your contact details and certain background information necessary to identify clinical trials that may be well-suited for you. By submitting your information through our Site, you understand that we will contact you directly (by phone, SMS text, email, or other method, depending on the information you provide and the options you choose on the Site) to complete the next steps of the qualification process to determine your eligibility for a clinical trial. By submitting your information, you understand and agree that if the phone number you provide is for a mobile phone, we may contact you using an auto-dialer, prerecorded or artificial voice message, or SMS text message. You also understand that your mobile carrier may charge message or data fees. Any information submitted through the Site or our Services will be managed in accordance with our
Privacy Policy
.
SMS Messaging
When you opt-in to the service, we will send you a message to confirm your signup. Text JOIN to 74726 to receive Care Health Source Notifications. Message and data rates may apply. Message frequency varies. Text “HELP” for help. Text “STOP” to cancel.
You can cancel this service at any time. Just text “STOP” to 74726. After you send the message “STOP” to us, we will send you a reply message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed. After this, you will no longer receive messages from us. If you want to join again, just sign up as you did the first time and we will start sending messages to you again. (Message frequency varies)
If at any time you forget what keywords are supported, just text “HELP” to 74726. After you send the message “HELP” to us, we will respond with instructions on how to use our service as well as how to unsubscribe.
Participating carriers: AT&T, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, T-Mobile, U.S. Cellular, Boost Mobile, MetroPCS, Virgin Mobile, Alaska Communications Systems (ACS), Appalachian Wireless (EKN), Bluegrass Cellular, Cellular One of East Central, IL (ECIT), Cellular One of Northeast Pennsylvania, Cricket, Coral Wireless (Mobi PCS), COX, Cross, Element Mobile (Flat Wireless), Epic Touch (Elkhart Telephone), GCI, Golden State, Hawkeye (Chat Mobility), Hawkeye (NW Missouri), Illinois Valley Cellular, Inland Cellular, iWireless (Iowa Wireless), Keystone Wireless (Immix Wireless/PC Man), Mosaic (Consolidated or CTC Telecom), Nex-Tech Wireless, NTelos, Panhandle Communications, Pioneer, Plateau (Texas RSA 3 Ltd), Revol, RINA, Simmetry (TMP Corporation), Thumb Cellular, Union Wireless, United Wireless, Viaero Wireless, and West Central (WCC or 5 Star Wireless).
T-Mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
As always, message and data rates may apply for any messages sent to you from us and to us from you. If you have any questions about your text plan or data plan, it is best to contact your wireless provider. For all questions about the services provided by this short code, you can send an email privacy@carehealthsource.com.
If you have any questions regarding privacy, please read our
privacy policy
.
Use of Our Services
Our Services are for your personal use only. You agree to tell us the truth in the information you provide, to obey the law, and that you will not sign up for our Services for business purposes. If you comply with this agreement and these Terms, you can use the Services and you may qualify for participation in one or more clinical trials. Using the Services in any other way than described in this paragraph may violate copyright and other laws or regulations and you may be subject to liability for such unauthorized use.
To this end, you may not access the Services in an unauthorized fashion or use automated programs to scrape information off of our Site or for any other purpose. You can’t reverse engineer the Services or access the source or metadata for any reason. You may not interact with other Site users or attempt to discover the identities or preferences of any other Site users. You agree not to damage or slow the workings of the Site or Services in any way.
Information on the Site
The content of the Site is provided solely for general informational purposes. We do not provide medical or similar professional advice through the Site, and the information set forth herein or therein is not intended to, and should not, replace medical advice provided by your physician or healthcare provider. We have no control over sites we link to, and their information may change without our knowledge. Any information you provide is no guarantee that you will qualify for any clinical studies or trials or that you will be enrolled in any clinical trials that you apply for or that you will receive any treatment or guarantee of specific medical results or outcomes.
Intellectual Property
We give you a limited license and access rights to the Site, based on your honest participation. We own the Site, including code and all aspects of “look and feel” of the Site, and have an interest in any information you give us.
We and our licensors and service providers reserve and shall retain their entire right, title, and interest in and to the Services, including, without limitation, all copyrights, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights, except as expressly granted to you in these Terms. You shall not (i) alter any trademarks or any notices of copyright, trademark, patent or other intellectual property or proprietary rights from the Site, or (ii) make commercial use of the Site or the Services.
Access and Termination
You may access the Site over the internet, but Brightfire is not responsible for any costs you may incur to do so, or any costs related to any clinical trials you may contact or participate in. You consent to receiving information from us by electronic means, and if you provide your telephone number you consent to us calling you at that number. We may terminate your access to this Site and its benefits at any time for any reason or no reason.
Warranties, Disclaimers and Limitations of Liability
Your use of the Services is at your sole risk. The Site and Services are provided “as is.”
OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THESE TERMS OR ADDITIONAL TERMS, WE DO NOT MAKE ANY SPECIFIC PROMISES ABOUT THE SERVICES. FOR EXAMPLE, WE DON’T MAKE ANY COMMITMENTS ABOUT THE CONTENT WITHIN THE SERVICES, THE SPECIFIC FUNCTIONS OF THE SERVICES, THEIR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR MALICIOUS CODE, OR THEIR RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, ACURACY, AVAILABILITY, OR ABILITY TO MEET YOUR NEEDS. WE DON’T PROMISE TO CORRECT ANY ERRORS.
SOME JURISDICTIONS PROVIDE FOR CERTAIN WARRANTIES, LIKE THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE EXCLUDE ALL WARRANTIES.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL WE HAVE ANY LIABILITY ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS OR YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES FOR: (a) ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES; OR (b) DIRECT DAMAGES IN AMOUNTS THAT IN THE AGGREGATE EXCEED FIFTY DOLLARS (USD $50.00). ANY CLAIM RELATED TO THE SERVICES AND/OR THESE TERMS MUST BE FILED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER SUCH CLAIM AROSE.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against any and all losses, damages, claims, expenses and liabilities of any kind, including attorneys’ fees, arising from or relating to your access (or lack of access) and use of the Site and Services, your violation of these Terms or violation of law or third-party right, and any other negligent or wrongful conduct by you.
Disputes
You and we each agree that any and all disputes or claims that have arisen or may arise between you and us relating in any way to or arising out of this or previous versions of this Agreement, your use of or access to our Services, or any products or services sold, offered, or purchased through our Services shall be resolved exclusively through final and binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court, if your claims qualify. The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Agreement to Arbitrate section (this "Agreement to Arbitrate").
Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief
YOU AND WE AGREE THAT EACH OF US MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING. UNLESS BOTH YOU AND US AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE OR JOIN MORE THAN ONE PERSON'S OR PARTY'S CLAIMS, AND MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A CONSOLIDATED, REPRESENTATIVE, OR CLASS PROCEEDING. ALSO, THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD RELIEF (INCLUDING MONETARY, INJUNCTIVE, AND DECLARATORY RELIEF) ONLY IN FAVOR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE RELIEF NECESSITATED BY THAT PARTY'S INDIVIDUAL CLAIM(S). ANY RELIEF AWARDED CANNOT AFFECT OUR OTHER USERS.
Arbitration Provisions
This arbitration agreement includes claims related to our clients, vendors, and Marketing Partners, which are third party beneficiaries of this arbitration agreement.
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court. There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is very limited. However, an arbitrator can award the same damages and relief on an individual basis that a court can award to an individual. An arbitrator should apply the terms of this Agreement as a court would.
The arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute arising out of or relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of this Agreement to Arbitrate, any part of it, or of this Agreement including, but not limited to, any claim that all or any part of the Agreement to Arbitrate or this Agreement is void or voidable.
The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under its rules and procedures, including the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes (as applicable), as modified by this Agreement to Arbitrate. The AAA's rules are available at
www.adr.org
. A form for initiating arbitration proceedings is available on the AAA's site at
http://www.adr.org
.
The arbitration shall be held in Austin, Texas and the proceedings shall be English. If the value of the relief sought is $10,000 or less, you or we may elect to have the arbitration conducted by telephone or based solely on written submissions, which election shall be binding on you and us subject to the arbitrator's discretion to require an in-person hearing, if the circumstances warrant. Attendance at an in-person hearing may be made by telephone by you and/or us, unless the arbitrator requires otherwise.
The arbitrator will decide the substance of all claims in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, including recognized principles of equity, and will honor all claims of privilege recognized by law. The arbitrator shall not be bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving our other users, but is bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving the same user to the extent required by applicable law. The arbitrator's award shall be final and binding and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
Costs of Arbitration
Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules, unless otherwise stated in this Agreement to Arbitrate. If the value of the relief sought is $10,000 or less, at your request, we will pay all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees associated with the arbitration. Any request for payment of fees by us should be submitted by mail to the AAA along with your Demand for Arbitration and we will make arrangements to pay all necessary fees directly to the AAA. If the value of the relief sought is more than $10,000 and you are able to demonstrate that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation, we will pay as much of the filing, administration, and arbitrator fees as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive. In the event the arbitrator determines the claim(s) you assert in the arbitration to be frivolous, you agree to reimburse us for all fees associated with the arbitration paid by us on your behalf, which you otherwise would be obligated to pay under the AAA's rules.
Severability
With the exception of any of the provisions in this Dispute Section regarding "Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief", if an arbitrator or court decides that any part of this Agreement to Arbitrate is invalid or unenforceable, the other parts of this Agreement to Arbitrate shall still apply. If an arbitrator or court decides that any of the provisions in this Dispute Section regarding "Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief" is invalid or unenforceable, then the entirety of this Agreement to Arbitrate shall be null and void. The remainder of the Agreement and its Legal Disputes Section will continue to apply.
Future Changes to the Agreement to Arbitrate
Notwithstanding any provision in the Agreement to the contrary, you and we agree that if we make any change to this Agreement to Arbitrate (other than a change to any notice address or site link provided herein) in the future, that change shall not apply to any claim that was filed in a legal proceeding against us prior to the effective date of the change. The change shall apply to all other disputes or claims governed by the Agreement to Arbitrate that have arisen or may arise between you and us. We will notify you of changes to this Agreement to Arbitrate by posting the amended terms on our Services at least 30 days before the effective date of the changes and/or by email.
Judicial Forum for Legal Disputes
Unless you and we agree otherwise, in the event that the Agreement to Arbitrate above is found not to apply to you or to a particular claim or dispute as a result of a decision by the arbitrator or a court order, you agree that any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and us must be resolved exclusively by a state or federal court located in Austin, Texas. You and us agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within Austin, Texas for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes. You also agree that: (i) our Services shall be deemed solely based in the State of Texas; and (ii) our Services shall be deemed passive Services that do not give rise to personal jurisdiction over us and our assigns, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than the State of Texas.
General Legal
These Terms, together with our
Privacy Policy
constitute the entire agreement between you and us regarding the Services. If any provision of these Terms is found to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision will be deleted from these Terms and the remaining provisions will continue with full force and effect. No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of either party, any right or any power under these Terms will act as a waiver thereof. These Terms and the relationship between you and us will be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Delaware, without regard to conflict-of-laws principles and you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction and venue of the courts of Texas. The Services are operated out of the United States. We make no representation that the Services, or content or information available via the Services, is appropriate or available for use outside of the United States, and access to it from jurisdictions where the content is illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access the Services from outside the United States do so at their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with all applicable local laws.
Contact Us.
If you have any questions about these Terms or our Services, including if you feel your copyright has been violated, please feel free to contact us:
Mail: 11401 Century Oaks Terrace Ste 350 Austin, TX 78758
Email:
privacy@carehealthsource.com
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
©Clinical Media. All rights reserved.
©Clinical Media. All rights reserved.