Skip to global navigationSkip to contentSkip to footer

United States - English Click to change language and/or country / region
English
Search AA.com®

Submit search
American Airlines logo
oneworld logo
Plan travel
Travel information
AAdvantage®
Log in
 Home  Legal, privacy & copyright  American Airlines Platform terms and conditions
American Airlines Platform terms and conditions
These new terms and conditions are effective as of January 1, 2026 and for each access and use after this date.

1. Why we have these Terms and where they apply 
2. Only Personal (Non-Commercial) and Appropriate Users 
3. Content 
4. Reservation and Purchase Restrictions 
5. Payment Obligation 
6. Misuse of the American Platforms or Content 
7. Prohibited Commercial Uses 
8. Managing your reservation or purchase 
9. Unauthorized Access 
10. Disclaimer of Warranties 
11. Indemnification 
12. Use of information you provide American Airlines 
13. Your communication with us 
14. Monitoring of on-line chats or telephone conversations with American Airlines 
15. Artificial Intelligence Tools 
16. Intellectual property notifications and agreements 
17. No offer to sell or buy securities 
18. Links to other sites 
19. Forum for actions, governing law, and procedural restrictions 
20. General 
21. Acknowledgements 
1. Why we have these Terms and where they apply
(a) The products and services offered by American Airlines, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (“American Airlines”) are subject to rules that customers need to accept as part of a legally binding contract. These Terms and Conditions ("Terms") explain the rules which apply to your access and use of American Airlines' websites (including AA.com and AAvacations.com), the American Airlines mobile app and any American Airlines retail outlet that posts a link to these Terms (together, the "American Platforms") and to your access and use of Content (as defined below) provided by American Airlines. These Terms also apply to you if you facilitate the access or use of an American Platform or any Content on behalf of others, and irrespective of the manner in which you access, or facilitate access to, an American Platform or any Content. All of these Terms apply regardless of where you live or where you are located when you use an American Platform.

(b) In addition to these Terms, other terms may apply to your use and purchase of products and services available via American Platforms, such as the following terms:

Conditions of Carriage – which apply to all transportation of passengers and bags provided by American Airlines;
AAdvantage® Terms and Conditions – which apply to all AAdvantage® mileage, Loyalty Points, AAdvantage® tiers and programs including ConciergeKey® and Million Miler℠, awards, award tickets, rewards, gifts and any other benefits that American Airlines offers in the AAdvantage® program;
Third party terms – which apply to third party products, for example, terms with regard to in-flight Wi-Fi; and
Addendum to the Governing Travel Agency Agreements – which apply to travel agents and travel intermediaries.
Conditions of carriage 
AAdvantage® terms and conditions 
Addendum to the Governing Travel Agency Agreements 
(c) The American Platforms contain or use information (including flight information and fares), products, services, software, AAdvantage® account information, articles, data, images, passwords, personal identification numbers, screens, texts, user names, web pages, trademarks, copyrights and other materials (collectively, "Content") developed at great expense by American Airlines and made available by or on behalf of American Airlines.

(d) Each time you access or use, or facilitate the access or use of, an American Platform or Content or click to accept or agree to these Terms, you become bound by the Terms in effect at the time of your access or use without limitation or qualification. These Terms may be different than the previous terms that governed your prior use or access of the American Platforms and Content, so please carefully review these Terms each time you use or access the American Platforms or Content before proceeding. If you do not intend to be legally bound by these Terms, do not access or use, or facilitate the access or use of, any American Platform or Content.

(e) Any restriction imposed on you under these Terms also imposes a restriction on you facilitating, enabling, assisting, or permitting the performance or non-compliance by others, irrespective of whether such is expressly stated or not. Accordingly, you will not engage in conduct that indirectly circumvents or undermines the intent or effect of any obligation or restriction herein.

(f) These Terms supersede and replace all prior terms and conditions applicable to access and use of American Platforms that American has presented prior to the date at the top of these Terms.

2. Only Personal (Non-Commercial) and Appropriate Users
(a) American Airlines provides the American Platforms and Content solely to permit you to determine the availability of American Airlines' products and services and to make legitimate reservations or otherwise transact business with American Airlines, and for no other purposes.

(b) These Terms permit you to access and use the Content solely for conducting personal, non-commercial business with American Airlines. Unless you have otherwise entered into a separate agreement with American Airlines, you may not access or use Content for any other reason. By way of example, but without limitation to the general prohibition in the prior sentence, you may not scrape or extract Content from an American Platform without an express written agreement between you and American Airlines.

(c) By using an American Platform, you confirm that you are 18 years of age or older or the age of majority (if greater than 18) in your country and possess the legal right and ability to enter into this Agreement and to use the American Platforms in accordance with these Terms.

(d) You may allow other adult members of your household to use the American Platforms under your name or account only if you agree to pay all charges that they incur and to be responsible for all other aspects of their usage. You accept financial responsibility for all use of the American Platforms or Content under your name or account.

(e) By using an American Platform or accessing Content as a customer or traveler, you confirm that you are not using any third-party service provider to facilitate your access to or use of any American Platforms or Content, including any Third Party AI Tool (as defined below), unless such third-party service provider can demonstrate to you that it has express written permission from American Airlines to access the American Platforms and the Content. By using an American Platform or accessing Content as a service provider, you confirm that you have separately received express written permission from American Airlines to access the American Platforms and the Content.

(f) American Airlines reserves the right in its sole and unfettered discretion to deny you access to the American Platforms or Content at any time, including if you make a reservation – or if someone else makes a reservation on your behalf – that violates these Terms. American Airlines reserves the right to take legal action for any violation of these Terms.

(g) Any product, service, software, algorithm, system, model, or tool that relies on or otherwise utilizes technologies such as artificial intelligence (whether generative, agentic, or otherwise) machine learning, large language models, or other similar or successor technologies, is referred to collectively in these Terms as an “Artificial Intelligence Tool”. American provides certain Artificial Intelligence Tools in the form of AA AI Tools (defined below) as part of the American Platforms. Artificial Intelligence Tools that you choose to use other than AA AI Tools are referred to as “Third Party AI Tools.” As described in the Artificial Intelligence Section below, prior to your using any Third Party AI Tools on or in connection with the American Platforms or Content please verify that the third party provider of such Third Party AI Tools has obtained American’s express written consent for the use of that Third Party AI Tool on or in connection with the American Platforms or Content. To the extent a Third Party AI Tool is authorized by American and you use or permit a such Third Party AI Tool to access or use an American Platform or the Content on your behalf, or if you are aware that such use is taking place on your behalf, then you assume all responsibility for such usage or access and acknowledge that such usage or access is on your behalf and subject to these Terms. You agree not to use any technical means for access or use that is prohibited by American Airlines.

(h) You agree not to assign, transfer, or sublicense your rights pursuant to these Terms.

3. Content
(a) American Airlines makes no representations and offers no warranty about the suitability of the Content for any purpose.

(b) The Content may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. American Airlines may alter, change or improve the Content at any time whether with or without notice. American Airlines makes no representations or warranties as to the Content's completeness or accuracy, and makes no commitment to update the Content.

4. Reservation and Purchase Restrictions
(a) If you make any reservation or purchase as part of your permitted use of the American Platforms, you agree that:

(i)You will only make legitimate reservations or purchases for you or for another person for whom you are authorized to act both legally and under these Terms (reservations or purchases involving Misuse or Prohibited Commercial Use, each as defined below, are not legitimate);
(ii)You will not make, or facilitate the making of, any fictitious, fraudulent, abusive, duplicative or impossible/illogical reservation or any reservation in anticipation of demand;
(iii)You will not book or ticket any purchase or reservation using hidden city/point beyond ticketing, back to back ticketing, throwaway ticketing, automated re-shopping, sales location shifting, block booking/block space booking or circumventing fare rules or journey controls.
(b) Please refer to the Conditions of Carriage for more information on the above and other prohibited booking practices.

Conditions of carriage 

(c) If American Airlines determines that you have confirmed multiple reservations to one or more destination on or about the same travel date or otherwise violated the reservation and purchase restrictions, American Airlines may, with or without notice, cancel all confirmed space associated with the improper reservation.

5. Payment Obligation
(a) You will pay all amounts when due in connection with any purchase or reservation you make through the American Platforms and you are completely responsible for all assessments, charges, duties, fees, and taxes arising out of your access and use of the American Platforms.

(b) Except as required by applicable law, American Airlines reserves the right to determine the acceptable forms and methods of payment. American Airlines does not accept payment through use of virtual credit cards.

6. Misuse of the American Platforms or Content
You agree that you will not Misuse the American Platforms or the Content. We reserve the right to determine, in our reasonable discretion, whether your actions are considered Misuse. "Misuse" includes using the American Platforms or Content to do any of the following:

(a) Abuse, defame, harass, stalk, threaten, or otherwise violate others' legal rights, including rights of privacy and publicity;
(b) Distribute, disseminate, post, publish, or otherwise disclose:
(i) any information or material that degrades, embarrasses, harasses, humiliates, intimidates, or threatens any individual or group of individuals on the basis of their age, ancestry, color, ethnicity, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, race, sex, sexual orientation, union or nonunion affiliation, or any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law or ordinance;
(ii) any indecent, infringing, obscene, or unlawful information or material;
(iii) confidential information, trade secrets, or other confidential or protected proprietary data of any entity or person;
(c) Download or upload files:
(i) that may damage the operation of another's computer, such as computer viruses, corrupt files, or similar software;
(ii) that do not contain the posted proprietary language, author attributions, or copyright, patent, or trademark notices;
(iii) that contain materials, including software, that violate the intellectual property, privacy, or publicity rights of others unless you own, control, or have been authorized to exercise such rights;
(iv) that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed through the American Platforms;
(v) without properly representing the origin or source of the file;
(d) Copy, create derivatives, or create derivative works from, display, distribute, license, perform, publish, recreate, reproduce, sell, transfer, or transmit any information, products, services, or software obtained by, from, or through any American Platform or the Content;
(e) Recreate an American Platform (in whole or in part) or any Content, or create any Content that can be used as a proxy for any American Platform (in whole or in part) or any Content (e.g., to create pricing algorithms);
(f) Scrape or otherwise take, or facilitate the scraping or taking of, any element of the American Platform or the Content;
(g) Exploiting, attempting to exploit, or facilitating the exploitation of any vulnerability, error, or deficiency in the coding, architecture, or functionality of any American Platform, including to create, enable, or use backdoor access to the American Platform or the Content;
(h) Take any action that will or could impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the American Platform or associated sites;
(i) Access information about any AAdvantage® member protected by site log-in and post it on any other website, with or without that AAdvantage® member's consent;
(j) Utilize an AAdvantage® member's password or personal identification number during log-in, unless you are: (a) the AAdvantage® member to whom that password or personal identification number is assigned (the "Authorized AAdvantage® Member"); (b) a family member of the Authorized AAdvantage® Member, acting with the Authorized AAdvantage® Member's permission; or (c) an employee of the Authorized AAdvantage® Member's employer, acting with the Authorized AAdvantage® Member's permission;
(k) Circumvent or bypass the terms and conditions of purchase imposed by American Airlines, including payment of all amounts when due and compliance with all rules regarding availability of fares, products, or services;
(l) Engage, or facilitate the engagement of, any unauthorized or abusive manipulation of prices or fares in any form, whether manual or automatic;
(m) Use, or facilitate the use of, Third Party AI Tools that have not been expressly authorized by American in writing in accordance with these Terms, in whole or in part, to create, generate, modify, or output data, content, or information of any kind in connection with your access or use of the American Platforms or the Content, including with regard to using unauthorized Third Party AI Tools to make or manage otherwise legitimate bookings or to manage your AAdvantage® account;
(n) Use any Content, or derivatives (including any derivative works) of any Content, to develop, train, test, fine-tune, modify, improve or otherwise revise any Third Party AI Tool unless expressly authorized in writing in accordance with these Terms by American Airlines; or
(o) Engage in any other conduct that is, or that American Airlines deems to be, in conflict with these Terms., or facilitate anyone else to do so.
American Airlines forbids such Misuses, and access of the American Platforms or use of the Content for any such Misuses or other similar purposes is an unauthorized use of the American Platforms and Content.

7. Prohibited Commercial Uses
(a) Unless you have separately entered into an express written agreement with American Airlines authorizing your commercial use of the American Platforms or Content (for example, as part of the AAdvantage Business℠ program), you may not use the American Platforms or Content for any business or commercial purposes other than in connection with your own business travel (collectively, “Prohibited Commercial Uses”).

(b) By way of example of Prohibited Commercial Uses, and without limitation, this means that – unless you have separately entered into an agreement with American Airlines – you may not use the American Platforms or Content to:

(i) Provide travel information services or travel reservation services to any commercial third party;
(ii) Act as a commercial agent or attorney in fact for any person;
(iii) Lead any third party to believe that you are an agent of American Airlines;
(iv) Act as a mileage management service, mileage tracking service or mileage aggregation service for any AAdvantage® member;
(v) Advertise or offer to sell, or facilitate the sale of, any goods or services;
(vi) Conduct contests or surveys;
(vii) Distribute chain letters, or advertising with respect to any Ponzi scheme or pyramid scheme;
(viii) Advertise or offer to sell any business opportunities, direct sales opportunities, employment, independent contractor positions, multi-level marketing opportunities, or securities;
(ix) Monitor or copy or redistribute any Content using any robot, spider, or other automated device or software for business or commercial purposes;
(x) Use the American Platforms or Content for any Artificial Intelligence Tool training purposes; or
(xi) Otherwise use the American Platforms or Content for the direct or indirect purpose of obtaining a commercial benefit.
(c) Unless you have separately entered into an express written agreement with American Airlines, you agree that you may not book or ticket, or facilitate the booking or ticketing of, a reservation or purchase on behalf of another if you receive a commercial benefit in connection with the booking or the facilitation of the booking or ticketing. Any such booking or ticketing, or facilitation of such booking or ticketing, is a Prohibited Commercial Use and expressly in violation of these Terms.

(d) Without limiting the foregoing restrictions or American’s rights or remedies, if you are a travel agent or travel intermediary, and you engage in any Prohibited Commercial Use, you will be subject to enforcement under the Addendum to the Governing Travel Agency Agreements.

Addendum to the Governing Travel Agency Agreements 

(e) If you are an entity (other than an accredited travel agent bound by separate agency agreement(s) with American Airlines) and you engage in a Prohibited Commercial Use or otherwise book or ticket, or facilitate the booking or ticketing of, a reservation or purchase in violation of these Terms (each, a “Commercial Use Violation”), you will cause American Airlines to lose revenues it would otherwise have received (e.g., the difference between the applicable fare and the fare actually used) and cause administrative expenses to be incurred which in total are often in excess of $500 USD (or the local currency equivalent) per reservation or purchase. To reimburse American Airlines the average cost of Commercial Use Violations, and without limitation to any of American Airlines’ other rights or remedies, including in contract or at law, with regard to such breach, you agree to reimburse American Airlines the amount of $500 USD per Commercial Use Violation. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing reimbursement does not apply if you are an individual.

8. Managing your reservation or purchase
(a) Information about the reservation or purchase for a traveler (the “Confirmation Code,” "Passenger Name Record" or "PNR") is owned by and proprietary to American Airlines.

(b) While the passenger may use the Confirmation Code to manage their reservation or purchase, you may not give access to a Confirmation Code to any third party in violation of these Terms, including any mileage management service, mileage tracking service, or mileage aggregation service.

(c) You must manage reservations or purchases using a Confirmation Code directly through the American Platforms and not through a third party website, including any mileage management service, mileage tracking service, or mileage aggregation service.

9. Unauthorized Access
(a) From time to time, American Airlines may provide passengers with a travel credit, flight credit, trip credit, travel voucher or other similar credit (“Credits”).

(b) You must take precautions to ensure the security of Confirmation Codes, any Credits and any gift cards. American Airlines assumes no responsibility for and will not be liable in the event that another person uses your Confirmation Codes, Credits or gift cards.

(c) American Airlines takes reasonable steps to safeguard and to prevent unauthorized access to your private information, we cannot be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access. However, we make no warranty, express, implied, or otherwise, that we will prevent unauthorized access to your private and personal information. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, AND EXCEPT WITH REGARD TO AMERICAN AIRLINES’ FRAUD, GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, IN NO EVENT WILL AMERICAN AIRLINES (FOR CLARITY, INCLUDING ITS AFFILIATES) BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES (WHETHER CONSEQUENTIAL, DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH, A THIRD PARTY'S UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION, CONFIRMATION CODES, CREDITS OR GIFT CARDS, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARE BASED ON CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHER THEORIES OF LIABILITY, AND ALSO REGARDLESS OF WHETHER AMERICAN AIRLINES WAS GIVEN ACTUAL OR CONSTRUCTIVE NOTICE THAT DAMAGES WERE POSSIBLE.

10. Disclaimer of Warranties
(a) TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU USE THE AMERICAN PLATFORMS AND ACCESS THE CONTENT, INCLUDING AI TOOLS AND OUTPUTS (DEFINED BELOW), AT YOUR OWN RISK. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE AMERICAN PLATFORMS AND CONTENT, INCLUDING ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TOOLS AND OUTPUTS, ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF EXPECTATION OF PRIVACY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR TITLE, AND ANY OTHER WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION OR CONDITION IMPLIED BY COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR TRADE USAGE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, AND EXCEPT WITH REGARD TO AMERICAN AIRLINES’ FRAUD, GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, IN NO EVENT SHALL AMERICAN AIRLINES (FOR CLARITY, INCLUDING ITS AFFILIATES) BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES (WHETHER CONSEQUENTIAL, DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH, THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE AMERICAN PLATFORMS (INCLUDING AA AI TOOLS) OR FOR ANY OF THE CONTENT OR OUTPUTS OBTAINED THROUGH OR OTHERWISE IN CONNECTION WITH THE AMERICAN PLATFORMS, IN EACH CASE REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARE BASED ON CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHER THEORIES OF LIABILITY, AND ALSO REGARDLESS OF WHETHER AMERICAN AIRLINES WAS GIVEN ACTUAL OR CONSTRUCTIVE NOTICE THAT DAMAGES WERE POSSIBLE.

(b) American Airlines neither warrants nor represents that your use of information and material on the American Platforms or the Content will not infringe upon the intellectual property rights of third parties. American Airlines shall not be liable for any virus or other damage to your computer equipment or other property due to your accessing, browsing, or using the American Platforms or Content or due to your downloading any audio, data, images, materials, pictures, text or video from the American Platforms or Content. You must take all necessary precautions to protect from any virus or other damage to your computer equipment or other property when accessing, browsing, or using the American Platforms or Content. Because American Airlines provides services and products in many parts of the world, the American Platforms or Content may refer to certain goods, products, or services that are not available in your area. A reference to goods, products, or services without limiting their geographic scope does not imply that American Airlines offers or intends to offer those goods, products, or services in all locations. American Airlines is not responsible for losses that were not caused by its breach of these Terms.

(c) If any provision limiting American Airlines' liability is held invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, American Airlines' liability arising out of these Terms will be limited to foreseeable, direct and actual monetary damages and will not exceed the maximum aggregate liability of $500 USD (or the local currency equivalent). The foregoing limitation of liability is not meant to exclude any liability of American Airlines other than in connection with these Terms.

11. Indemnification
(a) You are responsible for your use of the American Platforms and access to the Content and for any and all claims, demands, proceedings, suits and actions, including any related liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, deficiencies, penalties, taxes, levies, fines, judgments, settlements, expenses (including legal and accountants' fees and disbursements) and costs (collectively, "Claims") that arise in connection with your use of the American Platforms or access of the Content.

(b) You agree to indemnify and hold harmless American Airlines (for clarity, including its affiliates) from and against any Claims based on, arising out of or resulting from your use of the American Platforms or access to the Content, including any Claims alleging facts that if true would constitute your breach of these Terms.

12. Communication with and from us
(a) We ask you to provide us with certain information when you purchase travel or when you take advantage of certain personalized services. You agree that when you provide such information, the information will be accurate. Under no circumstances will you provide false or misleading information.

(b) YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ OUR PRIVACY POLICY.

Privacy policy 

13. Your communication with us
(a) American Airlines will not treat as confidential any communications you send to us by electronic mail or otherwise. American Airlines has no obligation to refrain from publishing, reproducing, or otherwise using your communications in any way and for any commercial purpose.

(b) American Airlines does not accept or consider unsolicited proposals related to its business, including proposals for advertising campaigns, logos, names, processes, products, promotions, services, slogans, and technologies. American Airlines therefore requests that you not send such proposals. Please also refrain from sending original creative artwork, blueprints, demonstratives, designs, layouts, photographs, or samples. American Airlines has adopted this policy to prevent claims that we have copied such unsolicited ideas without authorization, when, in fact, we developed the idea independent of or even long before receiving the unsolicited proposal. If you do send us unsolicited proposals, then you (i) grant American Airlines a world-wide, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, non-exclusive, and unrestricted license to copy, reproduce, adapt, transmit, edit, modify, or otherwise use, publicly display, distribute, translate and create compilations and derivative works from, any and all such proposals (in any format or media) that you submit to or through, an American Platform; and (ii) waive all moral rights in and to all such proposals that you post on, upload or otherwise submit to or through, such American Platform. This means that, among other things, American Airlines has the right to use any and all ideas you submit (including ideas about our plans, services, publications or campaigns) in any manner that we choose, without any requirement for notice or obligation to you whatsoever.

(c) You acknowledge and agree that if you are a U.S. user and you use the American Airlines mobile app and you have not opted out of receiving marketing communications via the American Airlines mobile app, then American Airlines may automatically enroll you to receive such marketing communications. You can opt-out of receiving marketing communications via the American Airlines mobile app.

14. Monitoring of on-line chats or telephone conversations with American Airlines
(a) The American Platforms may provide you the ability to have an on-line chat session with American Airlines or provide you with other means of contacting American Airlines, which may or may not have automated functions. You may use these functions and means only for legitimate purposes related to the American Platforms. For quality assurance purposes, American Airlines may monitor, record, or transcribe the contents of these communications. By contacting American Airlines, you agree that the communication may be monitored, recorded, or transcribed and you consent to the monitoring, recording, or transcribing. Such records may be kept indefinitely or disposed of at our discretion.

15. Artificial Intelligence Tools
(a) American Airlines may offer or integrate certain Artificial Intelligence Tools and associated features as part of the American Platforms (each, an “AA AI Tool”). Any such AA AI Tool is considered part of the American Platform, and your use of an AA AI Tool is considered part of your use of the American Platforms.
American may also, in its sole discretion, authorize the use of certain Third Party AI Tools by users of American Platforms. American may publish a list of approved Third Party AI Tools from time to time. New approvals for Third Party AI Tools may be requested and verified by contacting AIRequest@aa.com. In order to obtain an approval, the Third Party AI Tool will need to demonstrate that it has been developed, and all such access by and usage of such Artificial Intelligence Tool is, in accordance with best practices in the artificial intelligence industry, including compliance with applicable law, trustworthiness and respect for intellectual property, data and other proprietary rights.

(b) You are responsible for ensuring that any summary, text, instructions or other content you input into an Artificial Intelligence Tool (“Inputs”) is appropriate and permissible under these Terms. You will ensure that any Input you provide does not infringe upon, misappropriate or violate any copyright, trademark, privacy, publicity, or other intellectual or proprietary right of any third party and that, unless specifically requested by American Airlines in connection with a particular Artificial Intelligence Tool, any Input does not include any confidential or proprietary data, personal information, or other similarly restricted data, content, or information.

(c) AA AI Tools may be subject to additional terms and conditions, including the terms and conditions of American Airlines’ third party service providers

(d) You acknowledge that use of Artificial Intelligence Tools may result in content, output, data, recommendations, and other material generated or provided by the Artificial Intelligence Tool (collectively, “Outputs”) that are inaccurate or otherwise not fit for use (including from a legal or business perspective). American Airlines assumes no responsibility and disclaims all warranties in any Outputs. Before using any Output, you should carefully review all Outputs to ensure that each Output meets your needs.

(e) By using any Artificial Intelligence Tool, you authorize and agree that American and its third party service providers may access, use and store any Inputs and Outputs. American Airlines and its third party service providers may use Inputs, Outputs, and information related to your use of any Artificial Intelligence Tool for machine learning purposes in order to develop, train, test, fine-tune, modify, improve or otherwise revise such Artificial Intelligence Tools, the American Platforms, or other products and features.

(f) Without limiting any other provisions of these Terms, you will not use any Artificial Intelligence Tool or any Input or Output to:

(i) Engage in Misuse or any Prohibited Commercial Use;
(ii) Modify, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or reproduce any of American Airlines’ licensed or owned software, systems, applications or components;
(iii) Use deceptive, misleading or unethical practices that are or might be detrimental to American Airlines or the general public;
(iv) Make bookings with no intent to travel;
(v) Redistribute fares or other information or Content from an American Platform to others; or
(vi) Take any action that would otherwise constitute a violation of these Terms.
16. Intellectual property notifications and agreements
(a) Unless otherwise noted, all Content appearing on the American Platforms is the exclusive property of, or used with permission by, American Airlines, Inc. (for clarity, including its affiliates).

(b) All Content is Copyright 2026 by American Airlines, Inc. All rights reserved.

(c) Please assume that everything you see or read on the American Platforms is copyrighted to, or used with permission by, American Airlines unless otherwise noted.

(d) The trademarks, logos, service marks, and trade dress (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed on the American Platforms are the registered or unregistered Trademarks of American Airlines, Inc. or others.

(e) Images of people, objects, or places displayed on the American Platforms are either the property of, or used with permission by, American Airlines, Inc.

(f) American Airlines owns or uses by permission all software contained on the American Platforms, including all HTML code. Copyright and other laws and international treaty provisions protect this software. The law expressly prohibits any modification, redistribution, or reproduction of the software, and such actions could result in severe civil and criminal penalties. American Airlines will seek and support prosecuting violators to the maximum extent possible.

(g) You may not copy, display, distribute, download, license, modify, publish, re-post, reproduce, reuse, sell, transmit, use to create a derivative work, or otherwise use the Content of the American Platforms for public or commercial purposes. Nothing on the American Platforms shall be construed to confer any grant or license of any intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, by implication, or otherwise.

(h) You agree not to use any of American Airlines' intellectual property (including the American Platforms, Content, and Trademarks), for the direct or indirect purpose of obtaining a commercial benefit or to facilitate or provide travel reservation services or travel information services in violation of these Terms, unless you have separately entered into an express written agreement with American Airlines in respect of such. You further agree that if you use American Airlines' intellectual property, directly or indirectly, to provide commercial services (including travel reservation services or travel information services) in violation of these Terms, you waive any license, estoppel, acquiescence, mitigation, or any fair use or fair dealing defense (including classic fair use and nominative fair use defenses) in any action (including an infringement action). This contractual agreement is in addition to, and in no way detracts, minimizes, or waives, American's intellectual property rights under statute or common law.

17. No offer to sell or buy securities
The information on the American Platform and the Content do not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities and must not be relied upon in connection with any investment decision.

18. Links to other sites
(a) The American Platforms and Content are provided “as is” and may provide hyperlinks or references to other sites. While American Airlines endeavors to provide links only to sites that are reputable and safe, we take no responsibility for the information, products, or services obtained on such other sites and will not be liable for any damages arising from your access to such sites. American Airlines provides any such links to other sites merely for your convenience and our inclusion of such links and frames as part of the American Platform or Content does not imply an endorsement of the linked or framed sites, their content, or the persons or entities operating those sites. Therefore, you assume sole responsibility for using links or pointers to third party sites.

(b) American Airlines specifically denies you permission to use any of American Airlines' Trademarks or copyrighted materials to provide such hyperlinks or references, unless you are allowed to do so under a separate written agreement with American Airlines. American Airlines bears no responsibility for sites that provide hyperlinks or references to any American Platform or Content unless those sites are operated by American Airlines.

19. Forum for actions, governing law, and procedural restrictions
(a) You agree that you will notify American Airlines of any dispute by submitting your concerns to American Airlines, including a description of the nature of the dispute. Following delivery of such submission, you agree to allow American Airlines a period of sixty (60) days to provide a substantive response and to try to resolve the dispute, prior to filing any lawsuit or any other proceeding against American Airlines related to the dispute. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THESE NOTIFICATION PROCEDURES WILL ENTITLE AMERICAN AIRLINES TO RECOVER FROM YOU REASONABLE ATTORNEYS’ FEES INCURRED IN DEFENDING THE LAWSUIT OR ANY OTHER PROCEEDING.

(b) YOU AGREE THAT THE RESOLUTION OF ANY DISPUTE, CLAIM, OR CONTROVERSY RELATED TO THESE TERMS OR ANY AMERICAN PLATFORM SHALL BE CONDUCTED ON AN INDIVIDUAL, NOT A CLASS-WIDE BASIS, AND THAT NO SUCH PROCEEDING MAY BE CONSOLIDATED WITH ANY OTHER LEGAL PROCEEDINGS INVOLVING AMERICAN AIRLINES (FOR CLARITY, INCLUDING ITS AFFILIATES). YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT YOU, AND ANYONE ASSERTING A CLAIM FOR YOU, WILL NOT BE A CLASS REPRESENTATIVE, CLASS MEMBER, OR OTHERWISE PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, CONSOLIDATED OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL PROCEEDING AGAINST AMERICAN AIRLINES.

(c) If you are an individual who is (i) either a U.S. Citizen or a resident of the U.S. or its territories or (ii) you are an entity, you agree that these Terms are made and entered into in Tarrant County, Texas. You agree that Texas law governs the interpretation of these Terms or any dispute arising from your access to, dealings with, or use of any American Platform or Content, without regard to conflicts of law principles. Except as set forth below, any lawsuit brought by you related to your access to, dealings with, or use of any American Platform or Content must be brought in the state or federal courts of Tarrant County, Texas.

(d) If you are an individual, and you are neither a U.S. citizen nor a resident of the U.S. or its territories, you agree that any dispute or claim (including non-contractual disputes or claims) arising from or related to any American Platform, Content or these Terms, or their subject matter or formation shall be governed by the laws and courts of your usual place of residence, without regard to any conflict of law provisions, and you irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such courts.

(e) You acknowledge that American Airlines will be irreparably harmed and an immediate injunction is an appropriate and necessary remedy (in addition to whatever remedies American Airlines might have at law) if you engage in a Commercial Use Violation (as defined above). In such a circumstance, American Airlines may proceed directly to court. If a court of competent jurisdiction should award injunctive relief, you shall pay to American Airlines all of its reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements in connection with the application for and enforcement of the injunctive relief. In addition, you shall not require the posting of any bond or other security with respect to the injunctive relief. Further, if in subsequent proceedings a court of competent jurisdiction should hold that you have committed one or more Commercial Use Violations, you agree that without any additional findings of irreparable injury or other conditions to injunctive relief, you shall not oppose the entry of an appropriate order compelling performance or restraining you or your affiliates from any further breaches or anticipatory breaches, you shall not require the posting of any bond or other security and you shall pay to American Airlines all of its reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements in connection with the dispute and the litigation.

20. General
(a) You acknowledge and understand that American Airlines may use third party service providers and subcontractors in connection with the American Platforms and Content, including with respect to the use of AA AI Tools. By using or accessing any American Platform or Content, you waive any objection to American Airline’s use of third party service providers and subcontractors.

(b) You agree that, in connection with your access to, dealings with, and use of an American Platform or the Content, you will not provide, receive, export, reexport, transfer, or facilitate the provision or receipt of any goods, services, software, payments, or benefits in a manner that would violate or cause any person to violate Trade Controls. For these purposes, “Trade Controls” means the trade controls laws and regulations administered, enacted, and enforced by (i) the United States, including economic and trade sanctions statutes, regulations, Executive Orders, and directives administered by the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control that prohibit or restrict dealings with sanctioned countries or regions (currently including Iran, Syria, Cuba, North Korea, Russia, and the Crimea, Donetsk, and Luhansk regions of Ukraine) and sanctioned parties (including anyone listed on the U.S. Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List, or any entities that are owned 50% or more, directly or indirectly, by one or more such listed parties, the Government of Venezuela, and any entity owned or controlled by the Government of Venezuela), and the Export Administration Regulations administered by the U.S. Commerce Department’s Bureau of Industry and Security; (ii) the United Nations Security Council; (iii) the European Union or any of its Member States; (iv) the United Kingdom; and (v) any other jurisdiction whose trade controls laws and regulations apply to the use of the American Platforms or Content (to the extent consistent with U.S. law).

(c) These terms constitute the entire agreement governing your access to, dealings with, and use of an American Platform or the Content. Of course, additional agreements may attach to any goods, products, or services you obtain, purchase, or use from an American Platform. In the case of a conflict between these Terms and any agreement specific to any goods, products, or services that you obtain, purchase, or use from an American Platform (“Specific Agreement”), the terms of the Specific Agreement shall govern.

(d) If any provision of these Terms conflicts with applicable law or if any such provision is held invalid or unenforceable by a court with jurisdiction, such provision will be deemed to be restated to reflect as nearly as possible the original intentions of the parties in accordance with applicable law. The remaining provisions of these Terms and the application of the challenged provision to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is invalid or unenforceable will not be affected thereby, and each such provision will be valid and enforceable to the full extent permitted by applicable law.

(e) Any failure of American Airlines to assert any rights it may have under these Terms does not constitute a waiver of our right to assert the same or any other right at any other time or against any other person or entity. If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid or unenforceable, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be stricken from these Terms without affecting the validity or enforceability of any other provision.

(f) Whenever used in these Terms, (i) the terms “include,” “includes,” and “including,” mean “include(s), but are not limited to,” and “including, but not limited to,” respectively and are to be construed as inclusive, not exclusive; and (ii) the term “or” shall have the inclusive meaning identified with the phrase “or.”

21. Acknowledgements
(a) The following information about third-party software used in the American Airlines mobile app is provided to you for informational purposes only.

(i) card.io
(ii) All files are released under the MIT License: The MIT License (MIT) Copyright (c) 2013-2016 PayPal Holdings, Inc.
(iii)
(A) Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
(B) The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
(C) TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.