ABC Terms of Use
4 months ago Updated
1. Using ABC Online Services
The ABC provides its online services, including ABC-managed spaces on third party platforms, (ABC Online Services) on the following terms.

By continuing to access the ABC Online Services, you agree to be bound by the terms outlined below and any additional terms (including House Rules) outlined within the specific service you access. Please check this page regularly so you are aware of any updates to the terms. If you do not agree with any of the terms, as updated or amended, please do not use the service.

2. Contributing Content
You are responsible for all content you contribute to any ABC Online Services, including text, photos, videos, audio and links (Your Content).

By contributing content to any ABC Online Service, you grant the ABC a royalty-free, irrevocable, non-exclusive licence to use Your Content in any way, and in any media worldwide. This may include the use of your photos or video on ABC television, social channels, transmission of the material by our overseas partners and syndication to our Australian content partners. You retain copyright and any other rights you hold in Your Content and can continue to share and commercialise Your Content as you wish.

You confirm that you own or have the right to use any copyright material included in Your Content (including music, photos, quotes and excerpts of audio or video), that you have permission of anyone appearing or performing in Your Content and that you are not infringing any person’s rights by submitting the content to the ABC. You also confirm you have, where appropriate, sought the consent of the parent or guardian of any person under the age of 18 who is featured in Your Content.

Please ensure you keep your own copies of Your Content as the ABC may not archive, store or back-up Your Content nor continue to make Your Content accessible online.

The ABC will endeavour to provide you with an appropriate credit when using Your Content on ABC platforms, though you agree that this may not always be possible.

3. ABC Online Communities
While encouraging rigorous debate and the sharing of diverse opinions, the ABC expects community members to treat each other with respect and courtesy. These standards apply to interaction within all ABC Online Services including official ABC accounts established on third-party social media sites.

The ABC may edit, remove or exercise its discretion not to accept or publish your contribution for legal, editorial or operational reasons including if the ABC considers it to be:

defamatory, or otherwise unlawful or that it violates laws regarding harassment, discrimination, vilification, privacy or contempt. The ABC reserves the right to close comments on posts that may elicit harmful, defamatory or otherwise unlawful user contributions;
intentionally false or misleading;
an infringement of intellectual property rights including copyright;
abusive, offensive or obscene;
inappropriate, off topic, repetitive or vexatious;
compromising the privacy of any person or containing inappropriate personal information;
seeking to endorse commercial products or services;
seeking to directly solicit donations or fundraise;
deliberate provocation of other community members; or
impersonating someone else and/or posting on behalf of a suspended member.
If you breach these Terms of Use, the ABC may block your account or contributions.

The ABC values the role of its communities in guiding content standards and etiquette among members. If you have concerns about inappropriate content on an ABC Online Service you can alert the moderator of that ABC Online Service.

When accessing or participating in an ABC-managed space on a third party platform, such as channels, pages or feeds hosted on an external site, you agree to comply with the terms and conditions specified by that third party platform.

The ABC recommends you make sure you understand the privacy obligations and settings for each platform with which you engage and choose appropriate options to protect your personal details and content shared.

4. Use of ABC Content
All intellectual property rights in the content, software and systems owned by or licensed to the ABC on any ABC Online Services, including logos, images, names, designs, trade marks and copyright (ABC Content) are reserved to the ABC and its licensors.

ABC Content is provided for your personal, non-commercial use only.

Unless specifically noted in the House Rules for a particular service, you may not otherwise reproduce, republish, modify, adapt, translate, prepare derivative works from, reverse engineer or disassemble ABC Content, without obtaining the ABC's prior written permission.

You agree not to remove, obscure, or alter any ABC copyright notice or trade mark on any content you access and use. You also agree not to use ABC Content in a way that implies endorsement by the ABC or any person included in the materials.

Entitlements under Part IVA Division 4 and section 183 of the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth) (Act) are reserved to the ABC.

For educational institutions: Visit screenrights.org for information about Broadcasts under section 113P of the Act (download of audio-visual content) and www.copyright.com.au for information about 'Works' under section 113P of the Act (copying text/images).

5. Children
We take steps to ensure that appropriate content is made available to children who use ABC Online Services. For example, when a profile is created for a child on ABC iview, the ABC will make available content that is suitable for their age group. It is important for parents and guardians to monitor and participate in their children’s use of ABC Online Services to protect their safety.

When contributions are sought from, likely to have been submitted by, or include children and/or young people (under 18), the ABC will, where appropriate, seek the consent of a child’s parent or guardian before using a child’s contribution on ABC platforms. You must not create a profile for a child on ABC iview unless consent to these terms is in place in relation to the child.  The parent or guardian of the child must only create a profile for the child if you consent on the child’s behalf. The ABC will proceed on the basis that by creating a profile for a child that you confirm that you have ensured that consent in in place in relation to that child.

Parents seeking appropriate content for young children and advice regarding information regarding online safety can find the ABC’s children’s online destinations at ABC Kids.

6. Privacy
The ABC will handle any personal information and other data acquired from your participation in any ABC Online Services in accordance with the ABC Privacy Policy and the ABC Privacy Collection Statement or the ABC Crowdsourcing Collection Statement (as appropriate).

Please ensure that each person who accesses ABC Online Services using your account, including any profile holders on ABC iview, agrees to these terms, and is made aware of the information contained in those privacy policies and statements.

7. Disclaimers
The ABC does not endorse the views or material contained in the contributions of members of the public or third party sites. The ABC is not responsible for the content, availability or performance of external sites linked to or hosting ABC Online Services.

ABC Online Services are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. You agree that you use ABC Online Services at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damage or loss whatsoever that results from such use.

The ABC disclaims to the fullest extent permitted by law all guarantees, warranties or representations of merchantability, acceptable quality and fitness for any purpose, security, reliability, accuracy, timeliness, and performance of, and any content contained in, ABC Online Services.

8. General
These Terms of Use are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New South Wales which shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision or portion of these Terms of Use to be unenforceable, the remainder of these Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect.

9. Enquiries/Complaints
For information regarding use of ABC Content contact ABC Library Sales.

If you have concerns about inappropriate or infringing content accessed through any ABC Online Services, please alert the moderator of that service where available.

You can also contact the ABC using the online contact form.

Complaints regarding ABC programming can be forwarded using the complaint form.

10. Registration
You may be required to register an account to access and/or contribute to certain ABC Online Services, including ABC iview.

The ABC may refuse registration of users whose suggested login names are considered inappropriate, impersonating another person or attempting to create multiple accounts for or on behalf of a suspended member.

You may terminate your account at any time by unsubscribing (where that option is available) or by contacting the ABC using the online contact form. However, your content may continue to be available online after termination.