Privacy Policy and Notice at Collection
 – ABCmouse
Skip to content
Your cart is empty
Continue shopping
Have an account?
Log in
to check out faster.
Your cart
Loading...
Order Summary
SUBTOTAL
$0.00 USD
Checkout
Privacy Policy and Notice at Collection
Effective Date: April 21, 2025
Welcome to the ABCmouse.com
®
Store (
ABCmouse Store
), which is owned and operated by Age of Learning, Inc. Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy describes the ways in which Age of Learning, Inc. (
we
,
our
,
us
, or the
Company
) collects, uses, and discloses information about you when you use the ABCmouse Store.
Please read this Privacy Policy closely, as well as our
Terms and Conditions
.
By shopping at the ABCmouse Store, you agree to the handling of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We want our policies to be easy to understand, so if you have any questions about anything here, please ask us.
Personal Information (
PI
) is defined in this policy to mirror the text of the California Consumer Privacy Act (
CCPA
) and means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.
COPPA Statement
Protecting children’s privacy is especially important to us. The
ABCmouse
Store is designed for parents and other adults.  Any children accessing the ABCmouse Store should do so with their parents or guardians. We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (
COPPA
), which means:
We do not knowingly collect PI from children under 13 without verifiable parental consent.
Our ABCmouse Store e-commerce offerings (
Services
) are generally targeted at parents (for example, a parent buying learning materials for their child).
Any PI about a child (such as a child’s first name or age year, if you choose to provide that in your profile or order notes) is collected only from the parent/guardian and only used to customize the child’s learning experience or to personalize a product (for example, printing a child’s name on a certificate or book if that’s part of a purchase). We do not use that information for any other purpose.
If you have created an account and provided PI about your child, you can review or delete your child’s PI at any time. Just contact us (see Section 11 (Contact Us)) and we will be happy to help. You can also withdraw consent for our collection or use of your child’s PI, and we will delete the child’s PI from our records (unless it’s information we are required to keep for legal reasons, such as a transaction history).
Information Collection
We collect information to provide you with a great shopping experience and to fulfill your orders.
We will only use or disclose this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable law. There are two general categories of information we collect.
Information Users Provide to Us:
When you create an account at
the ABCmouse Store (
Account
)
or make a purchase at the ABCmouse Store, you give us certain information. This may include identifiers such as your name, email address, billing and shipping address, phone number, IP address and information about your device(s) used to connect, as well as commercial information such as products considered or purchased (size or style choices, as well as overall shopping or purchase habits) and payment details (like credit card information). If you create a profile, you might also provide a username or link to another of our products, such as your child’s ABCmouse learning profile. We only collect as much information as we need to process your orders and provide our Services.
At the ABCmouse Store, we do not knowingly collect PI from children under 13.  If you believe your child has provided PI to us without your consent, please contact us and we will remove it.
Information We Collect from All Users:
We and our third-party service providers collect PI directly from you in the form of the actions you take when using the ABCmouse Store. For example, we may collect information about patterns of usage and order history.
We and our third-party service providers also use a variety of technologies, such as cookies (small text files that are saved on your computer or mobile device), to automatically collect certain technical information from your computer or mobile device over time and across different websites, including when you use the ABCmouse Store, such as your browser type, operating system, device type, the page served, your IP address, the approximate geolocation of your computer or mobile device, and the websites you visited prior to visiting the ABCmouse Store.
We and our third-party service providers may use the information collected through these technical methods for several purposes, including delivering content, tracking and enhancing users’ experience with the ABCmouse Store, and delivering advertising to visitors to shop.abcmouse.com when they visit other websites and applications. For example, when you return to the ABCmouse Store after logging in, cookies help the ABCmouse Store recognize who you are without having to log back in.
Cookies
We use cookies, which are small text files placed on your device, to collect certain Internet log information and visitor behavior information. More information about cookies is available at
www.aboutcookies.org
. We use cookies to recognize your device and to provide and improve the ABCmouse Store as described below. We use the following cookies:
Essential Cookies
These cookies are essential to provide you with Services available through the ABCmouse Store and enable you to use some of its features. For example, they allow you to log in to secure areas of the ABCmouse Store and help the content of pages you request load quickly. Without these cookies, the Services that you have asked for cannot be provided, and we only use these cookies to provide you with those Services.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies allow us to remember choices you make when you use our ABCmouse Store, such as
remembering items in your shopping cart
, remembering your login details, and remembering the changes you make to other parts of ABCmouse Store, which you can customize. The purpose of these cookies is to provide you with a more personal experience and to avoid you having to reenter your preferences every time you visit our ABCmouse Store.
Analytics and Performance Cookies
These cookies are used to collect information about traffic to our ABCmouse Store and how visitors use the ABCmouse Store. The information gathered does not identify any individual visitor. It includes the number of visitors to our ABCmouse Store, the websites that referred them to our ABCmouse Store, the pages they visited on our ABCmouse Store, what time of day they visited our ABCmouse Store, whether they have visited our ABCmouse Store before, and other similar information. We use this information to help operate our ABCmouse Store more efficiently, to gather broad demographic information, and to monitor the level of activity on our ABCmouse Store.
If you do not want the ABCmouse Store to collect information through cookies, you can set your web browser to reject cookies from the ABCmouse Store. Each browser is different, so you should check your browser’s Help menu to learn how to change your cookie preferences. However, please note that if you reject or block cookies from the ABCmouse Store,
some site features (like the shopping cart) may not work properly if cookies are disabled
. For example, you will not be able to remain logged into your Account, and therefore, you would have to log in during each page transition.
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are used when you share information using a social media sharing button; “like” button on our ABCmouse Store; or you link your account or engage with our content on or through a social networking website, such as Facebook, Twitter, or Google+. The social network will record that you have done this.
Except as otherwise provided in this policy, such as when a resident of a state that offers additional privacy protections has opted out of sharing PI for valuable consideration, by continuing to use our ABCmouse Store, you are accepting our use of these cookies that make advertising and communications more relevant to you and your interests and further help us to improve our ABCmouse Store.
Push Notifications and SMS:
As part of your use of the ABCmouse Store, we may ask if you would like to receive push notifications, which may include alerts and notifications, badges, banners, and sounds on your mobile device. You may choose to stop receiving push notifications at any time by changing the settings on your mobile device. If you provide us with your mobile phone number, we may send you SMS text messages about your account. Please note that your carrier may charge you for the text messages you receive. To permanently stop receiving SMS text messages from us (if you are located in the U.S. or Canada) text STOP, CANCEL, or UNSUBSCRIBE in reply to any SMS text message sent by us.
3. How We Use Information
We will never monetize the PI of any user of the
ABCmouse Store
(
User
) by providing it to a third party in exchange for money, except as described in this policy in the context of a sale of the Company.
We and our third-party service providers may use the information collected from users as follows:
To Process Orders and Provide Services: We use your PI to process your transactions. For example, we use your name and address to ship products to you, and your payment information to collect payment. We’ll also use your email to send order confirmations, receipts, and updates about your order (like shipping notifications).
To Communicate with You: We might use your contact information to send you updates or important notices about your account or order. If you opted in to receive marketing emails, we may send you news about new products, special deals, or updates about the ABCmouse Store that might interest you. (You can opt out of marketing communications at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in an email or updating your account preferences.)
While it is never our intention to send any marketing messages to children, if you believe a child has received such a marketing communication,
please contact us.
To deliver our advertising to you based on your visits to the ABCmouse Store. You may opt out of receiving online interest-based advertising from our interest-based advertising providers by visiting www.aboutads.info/choices. For more information about web browser “do not track” signals, visit www.allaboutdnt.com. Certain state residents have additional rights under their state data privacy laws. For more information about these rights, please see
State-Specific Privacy Rights below.
To Improve Our Site and Services: We use usage data (and feedback you provide) to fix bugs, analyze site usage, and improve the shopping experience. For instance, tracking which pages are visited helps us optimize our navigation. It also helps us ensure our site is working properly on different devices and browsers.
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to detect violations of and enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates, including the security of the ABCmouse Store; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, or that of our affiliates, you, or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain
(collectively, [a-g] are
Other Uses and Disclosures
)
.
4. When We Disclose Information to Third Parties
PI collected from Users will not be disclosed except for the following purposes, which include our operations purposes:
To third parties who perform certain services for us, such as processing credit cards to whom we share your payment information and fulfilling orders to whom we share your shipping address (like UPS, FedEx, or USPS) to deliver your order, provided that the service providers agree to keep the information confidential and to use it only for purposes that are permitted by this Privacy Policy. These third parties with whom your information may be shared may be located outside of the United States. By continuing to use the ABCmouse Store, you are intentionally directing us to transmit the information submitted to us by Users to our affiliates and business partners for business purposes, such as executing transactions and preventing fraud.
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate as set forth above in Other Uses and Disclosures and in other instances substantially similar to those listed in this Section.
When we believe that disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law or legal process, including lawful requests by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. If required or permitted to do so under the law, and if deemed necessary or warranted, we may provide notice to Users prior to the disclosure.
Subject to confidentiality agreements, the terms of this Privacy Policy, and applicable law, information may be disclosed to service providers, advisers, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company, or we sell, liquidate, transfer, or license all or a portion of our assets in bankruptcy or otherwise. This means that if some or all our assets are acquired or otherwise transferred or licensed, including in bankruptcy, that such acquirer shall be subject to the same commitments stated under this Privacy Policy.
In addition, we may use third-party advertising networks and other affiliates in association with cookies, pixel tags, or IFrames, for Users’ visits to the ABCmouse Store and to (1) deliver interest-based advertising to those Users, including our advertising, when those Users visit third-party websites; and (2) provide us with statistics about the effectiveness of our advertising on third-party websites. These third-party advertising networks may use this cookie information in accordance with their own privacy policies.
We also may disclose de-identified and/or aggregated User information for any other purpose as permissible by applicable law—for example, the distribution of reports containing aggregate User demographic and traffic patterns—provided that no individual User or any specific end-user device can be readily identified.
5. How to Access, Change, or Delete Account Information
You can access and update most of your Account information by logging into your Account. For example, you can change your contact info or update your child’s profile information. If you need help accessing, correcting, or updating any PI we have (such as information not editable through the website), you can contact us and we will assist you. Also, you may contact us at any time as described below to request that we provide for your review, or delete from our records, any PI you have provided about children associated with your Account.
When we change or delete any PI at your request, we will make good faith efforts to make the changes in our then-active databases as soon as reasonably practicable, generally within 24–48 hours. Changing setting options may not result in immediate changes to the settings, which are subject to our operations and maintenance schedules.
You may also request that we delete your PI or close your Account. If you simply wish to stop receiving marketing emails, you can unsubscribe as noted above without deleting your Account.
Please note that information may remain in backup or archive records, and we may retain certain data relevant to customer support, preventing fraud or future abuse or for legitimate business purposes, such as research and analysis of aggregated, non-personally-identifiable or de-identified data, or if required by law. We may also keep your purchase history after Account deletion to comply with tax and accounting laws. All retained data will continue to be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at that time.
6. State-Specific Privacy Rights
States with comprehensive consumer data privacy laws may provide residents with additional rights regarding our use of PI. The following Section applies to individuals who reside in specific jurisdictions that provide additional privacy rights, including California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia, and other states that enact legislation after the effective date of this Privacy Policy to provide additional privacy rights to its residents (
Relevant States
).
Under the Relevant States’ laws, we are required to disclose the categories of sources from whom we collect PI (explained below) and the third parties with whom we share it (explained above). We are also required to communicate information about rights you have under Relevant States’ laws, such as:
Right to Access Specific Information and Data Portability Right
: You may have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of PI over the past twelve (12) months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of PI we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the PI we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that PI.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that PI.
The specific pieces of PI we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
The business purpose for which PI was disclosed, and the PI categories that each category of recipient obtained if we disclosed PI for a business purpose.
Right to Correct Information
: You may have the right to request we update PI about you that is incorrect in our systems.
Right to Delete
: You may have the right to request that we delete the PI that we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request, in compliance with applicable laws. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) the PI from our records, unless an exception applies. Please note, however, that we may need or be required to keep such information for our legitimate business purposes or to comply with applicable law.
Right to Opt Out of the Sale or Sharing of PI for Cross-Contextual Behavioral Advertising
: As stated above, we will never monetize the PI of any User of the ABCmouse Store by providing it to a third party in exchange for money. Some Relevant States’ laws apply a broader definition of the term “sell” that includes disclosing PI to any third party for valuable consideration. When we work with our advertising partners, we are disclosing certain information, such as cookies, for their services, which are of value to us. You may be entitled to direct us to stop disclosing your PI to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration. You can exercise such right to opt out here:
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
.
Right to Limit Sensitive PI Use
: You have the right to limit the use of sensitive PI regarding you.
Non-Discrimination
: We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights.
For details on exercising these rights, please see “
Exercising Access, Disclosure, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
” below.
Information We Collect and Share
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. We collected the categories of PI noted above in the “Information Collection” section above from or about consumers within the last 12 months.
In addition, we are required to provide you certain information about the business and commercial purposes for which we collect and share PI.
Business and Commercial Purposes for Which We Use PI
We may use or disclose the PI we collect from each of the Categories of PI listed above for one or more of the following purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information;
To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Services;
To process your orders;
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and to monitor and improve our responses;
To understand how Users interact with our Services;
To understand User preferences, including products considered and/or purchased, size and style choices, and other factors impacted product demand.
To conduct research, testing, analysis, and development to improve our Services;
To detect security incidents and prevent fraud;
To debug and repair errors;
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your Account with us;
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations;
As described to you when collecting your PI or as otherwise set forth in Relevant States’ laws;
To advance our commercial and economic interests, such as delivering interest-based advertising of our products and Services to Users and analyzing the effectiveness of our advertising; and/or
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which PI held by us about our Users is among the assets transferred.
Categories of PI We Share
We share your PI by disclosing it to third parties for the business purposes described in the When We Disclose Information to Third Parties section above. We only make these business purpose disclosures under written contracts that describe the purposes, require the recipient to keep the PI confidential, and prohibit using the disclosed information for any purpose except performing the contract.
Our Retention of PI
We retain PI for as long as necessary to provide the Services and fulfill the transactions you have requested, or for other business purposes, such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. We decide how long we need PI on a case-by-case basis. We may consider the following factors when making retention decisions:
Whether we need to keep some of your PI to maintain your Account;
Whether we are required by law to keep some types of PI for certain periods of time to comply with our legal obligations; and
Whether we need some of your PI for other business purposes, such as to prevent harm and ensure safety and security of our Services, investigate possible violations of our terms and conditions of use, or protect ourselves.
If we determine your PI is no longer necessary using the factors above, we will generally destroy or anonymize that PI.
Exercising Access, Disclosure, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, disclosure, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either contacting us as set forth in Section 11 (Contact Us), or by visiting here:
Privacy Portal
.
Only you or a person registered with the applicable Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf may make a verifiable consumer request related to your PI. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your Child.
For all requests, please clearly state that the request is related to “Your Privacy Rights,” indicate which type of request you are making, and provide your name and an email address or phone number where we may contact you. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly or that do not include complete information.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected PI or an authorized representative. We will verify your request by asking you to provide information related to your interactions with us. We will not otherwise ask for PI from you that we would not otherwise maintain as part of providing our Services.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with PI if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the PI relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use PI provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requester’s identity or authority to make the request.
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response electronically. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the receipt of the verifiable consumer request. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide the PI that is readily usable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
To appeal a decision regarding a consumer rights request, please submit your appeal using our portal, email, telephone, or postal mail. Your appeal should include an explanation of the reason you disagree with our decision. Within 60 days of receipt of an appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions.
Non-Discrimination
We fully support your privacy rights and will not discriminate against you for exercising them.
Notice of Financial Incentives
We may offer special incentives to users who enroll in certain promotions. The availability of these promotions to you at any given time will vary. If we offer such programs, we may ask for your PI (such as your email address) as a prerequisite to your participation in the promotion.
The promotions that may be available to you are email offers. When you subscribe to receive emails from the Company, we may offer you special savings in the form of digital coupons for free or discounted products and announcements of sweepstakes, contests, and giveaways. To participate in these email offers, you must provide a valid email address. You may opt in to the email offers by visiting our website or navigating through your Account. You may opt out of email offers and other programs at any time through the same means they are offered, or by contacting us as provided in Section 11 (Contact Us).
The value we place on the PI that we collect in connection with these promotions is calculated by determining the approximate additional spending per promotion participant, compared to individuals for whom we do not have email addresses, or other collected information.
7. Links to Other Services
We may include links to external websites or applications (for example, Facebook and X). These websites and applications are governed by their own privacy policies or information collection practices, which may be substantially different from ours. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and information collection practices of any external websites and apps, as those parties’ practices would not be subject to this policy.
8. Location of Information Processing
The Services are controlled and operated by us from the United States. Your information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities, or in which we engage service providers to operate the Services and/or fulfill your orders, including the United States, which may have data protection laws that are different from those of your country. In addition, your information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement officials in countries where it may be processed, under the laws of those countries.
9. Security
The security of your PI is important to us, and we employ physical, technical, and administrative security measures designed to safeguard the information collected by the Services. We use industry standard SSL (secure socket layer technology) encryption to transfer PI. Other security safeguards include but are not limited to data encryption, firewalls, and physical access controls to buildings and files. We also conduct periodic audits of our security (no less than annually) to apply best practices and reasonable industry standards. Account holders create a password in the registration process. You can help protect against unauthorized access to your Account and PI by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your Account.
Furthermore, the ABCmouse Store employs industry-standard security protocols, including HTTPS encryption (look for the padlock in your browser address bar when you log in or enter payment information). Sensitive payment information is handled by secure, PCI-compliant payment processors. For your security, we do not store your complete credit card number in our databases but retain only the first six digits and/or last four digits so that we can identify your Account and respond to your requests and questions.
However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. While we work very hard to protect your information, we
cannot guarantee 100% security
of data sent to our site. You share and transmit information at your own risk. If we ever experience a data breach that affects your PI, we will notify you as required by law and take appropriate steps to remedy the situation.
10. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We constantly try to provide the best services, and accordingly, our Privacy Policy will change from time to time. If we update this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the Services; and for certain revisions that materially expand the ways in which we use or share the information previously collected from you through the Services, we will either display an alert next to the Privacy Policy, display an alert upon login to the Services, or directly communicate with you (for example, via the email address associated with your Account).
11. Contact Us
Age of Learning, Inc. is in the United States of America. Age of Learning, Inc. is the operator of all the Services. You may contact us below if you have any questions, complaints, or other issues related to this Privacy Policy and issues related to your or your child’s information for which you are responsible:
Mailing address:
Age of Learning, Inc.
Attention: Legal Department
P.O. Box 230
Glendale, CA 91209
Telephone Number: +1.800.633.3331
Email address: privacy@aofl.com
Data Privacy Officer
DPO@aofl.com
101 N. Brand Blvd., Suite 700
Glendale, CA 91203
ABCmouse Shop
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Accessibility Statement
Order Status
Returns & Refunds
Shipping Policy
FAQ
Contact Us
Your privacy choices
Popular Resources
About Us
Press
FAQs (app)
Customer Care (app)
Redeem
Give a Gift
More ABCmouse
Schools
Libraries
Teachers
Learning
Games
Activities
Printables
ABCmouse Shop
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Accessibility Statement
Order Status
Returns & Refunds
Shipping Policy
FAQ
Contact Us
Your privacy choices
Popular Resources
About Us
Press
FAQs (app)
Customer Care (app)
Redeem
Give a Gift
More ABCmouse
Schools
Libraries
Teachers
Learning
Games
Activities
Printables
Follow Us
Facebook
Instagram
TikTok
Pinterest
Download App
App Store
TM & © 2007-2026,
Age of Learning, Inc.
. All rights reserved.
Accessibility Statement
Give a Gift
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Opens in a new window.