
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY!
Welcome to Accio! 
These Terms of Use ("Terms") describe the terms and conditions applicable to your access and use of the Accio (defined below) from time to time including but not limited to the web and mobile-optimized versions of the websites identified by the uniform resource locator Accio.com (the “Sites”). This document is a legally binding agreement between you as the user(s) of the Sites (referred to as “you”, “your” or “User” hereinafter) and the Accio contracting entity determined in accordance with clause 2.1 below (referred to as “we”, “our” or “Accio” hereinafter).
1. Application and Acceptance of the Terms
1.1 Your access to and use of the Sites and Accio’s services, software and products through the Sites, is subject to the terms and conditions contained in this document as well as the Privacy Policy (defined in clause 3.5 below) and any other rules and policies of the Sites that Accio may publish from time to time. This document and such other rules and policies of the Sites and Services are collectively referred to below as the “Terms”. By accessing and use of the Sites and Services, you agree to accept and be bound by the Terms. Please do not access or use the Services or the Sites if you do not accept all of the Terms.  If you have signed up with Accio.com using your Alibaba.com's credentials, your use of the Site and Services will additionally be subject to the User Authorization Agreement.
1.2 You may not access or use the Services or the Sites and may not accept the Terms if (a) you are not of legal age, for example, UNDER 18 YEARS OLD IF YOU ARE IN THE EUROPEAN UNION (EU) AND THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA), to form a binding contract with Accio, or (b) you are not permitted to receive any Services under the laws of Hong Kong or other countries/regions including the country/region in which you are resident or from which you access and use the Services and the Sites, or (c) you will not use the Sites in your role as business entity/professional. You acknowledge that the Sites and the Services are not intended for consumers.
1.3 Accio may amend any Terms at any time by posting the relevant amended and restated Terms on the Sites. Accio will inform you of any material change to the Terms by posting the relevant changes on the Sites. By continuing to access or use the Services or the Sites, you agree that the amended and restated Terms will apply to you.  
1.4 If Accio has posted or provided a translation of the English language version of the Terms, you agree that the translation is provided for convenience only and that the English language version will govern your access to and use of the Services or the Sites.  
1.5 You may be required to enter into separate agreement(s), whether online or offline, with Accio or our affiliate for any Service (or features within the Services) (each an “Additional Agreement”). If there is any conflict or inconsistency between the Terms and an Additional Agreement, the Additional Agreement shall take precedence over the Terms only in relation to that Service (or feature within the Service) concerned.
1.6 The Terms may not otherwise be modified except in writing by an authorized officer of Accio.   
2. Provision of Services
2.1 You are contracting with ACCIO GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY PTE. LTD. for the use of the Sites and Services.
2.2 You must register as a member on the Sites in order to access and use some Services. If you are a subscriber to our paid Services, your use of such paid Services is subjec to the Accio Subscription Agreement. Further, Accio reserves the right, without prior notice, to restrict access to or use of certain Services (or any features within the Services) to paying Users, or subject to other conditions that Accio may impose in our discretion. 
2.3 Services (or any features within the Services) may vary for different regions and countries. No warranty or representation is given that a particular Service or feature or function thereof or the same type and extent of the Service or features and functions thereof will be available for Users. 
2.4 Accio may in our sole discretion limit, deny or create different levels of access to and use of any Services (or any features within the Services) with respect to different Users. 
2.5 Accio may launch, change, upgrade, impose conditions to, suspend, or stop any Services (or any features within the Services) without prior notice except that in case of a fee-based Service, such changes will not substantially adversely affect the ability of such paying Users to enjoy that Service.
2.6 Some Services (or part thereof) may be provided by Accio’s affiliates on behalf of Accio.
3. Users Generally
3.1 You are responsible for the authenticity, legality, harmlessness and validity of the information transmitted by using the Services. Except as otherwise provided by law, the legal responsibility related to the information transmitted by you shall be borne by you. You ensure that you shall not use the Services to engage in activities prohibited by laws and administrative regulations such as endangering national security and social public interests, disrupting economic and social order, and infringing on the legitimate rights and interests of others, and ensure that the input information does not contain the following content that violates laws and regulations, is politically relevant, and infringes on the legitimate rights and interests of others:
(1) Endangering national security, divulging state secrets, subverting state power, and undermining national unity;
(2) Damaging national honor and interests;
(3) Inciting ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, and undermining national unity;
(4) Undermining the state's religious policy, promoting cults and feudal superstitions;
(5) Spreading rumors, disturbing social order and undermining social stability;
(6) Spreading obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror or abetting a crime
(7) Insulting or slandering others, infringing on the legitimate rights and interests of others;
(8) Information containing other contents prohibited by laws and administrative regulations or contrary to public order and morals and social ethics.
3.2 As a condition of your access to and use of the Sites or Services, you agree that you will comply with all applicable laws and regulations when accessing or using the Sites or Services. 
3.3 You confirm, warrant and agree that:
(1) The content transmitted or disclosed when using the Services does not contain any confidential information, sensitive information or unauthorized personal information;
(2) We reserve right to determine whether your relevant behavior is suspected of violating the use norms under Clause 2 of the Term in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, this Term and to suspend or terminate your use of the Services or to take other restrictive measures at our sole discretion.
(3) Based on the user experience, service rules, healthy development and other comprehensive factors, we have the right to choose the object of providing the Services without violating the laws and regulations, and have the right to decide the function setting, whether and how to integrate the Services into other products, and whether to suspend or terminate the provision of the Services.
3.4 You agree that (a) you will not copy, reproduce, download, re-publish, sell, distribute or resell any Services or any information, text, images, graphics, video clips, sound, directories, files, databases or listings, etc. available on or through the Sites (the “Site Content”), and (b) you will not copy, reproduce, download, compile or otherwise use any Site Content for the purposes of operating a business that competes with Accio, or otherwise commercially exploiting the Site Content. Systematic retrieval of Site Content from the Sites to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database or directory (whether through robots, spiders, automatic devices or manual processes) without written permission from Accio is prohibited. Use of any content or materials on the Sites for any purpose not expressly permitted in the Terms is prohibited.  
3.5 To know how we and our affiliates use and protect your personal information when using the relevant Site, please review our privacy policy at the following link: Privacy Policy.
3.5.1 To know how we provide search results when you use the relevant Site, please review our Search Results Ranking Rules at the following link: Search Results Ranking Rules.
3.6 Accio may allow Users to access to content, products or services offered by third parties through hyperlinks (in the form of word link, banners, channels or otherwise), API or otherwise to such third parties' web sites. You are cautioned to read such web sites’ terms and conditions and/or privacy policies before using the Sites. You acknowledge that Accio has no control over such third parties' web sites, does not monitor such web sites, and shall not be responsible or liable to anyone for such web sites, or any content, products or services made available on or through such web sites.
3.7 You agree not to undertake any action to undermine the integrity of the computer systems or networks of Accio and/or any other User nor to gain unauthorized access to such computer systems or networks.  
3.8 By posting or displaying any information, content or material on the Sites (any of such information, content or material, collectively referred to as “User Content”), and to the extent permitted under applicable laws, you grant an irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, and sub-licensable (through multiple tiers) license to Accio and/or its affiliates and their respective representative(s) to display, transmit, distribute, reproduce, publish, duplicate, adapt, modify, edit, translate, create derivative works using the User Content, remove any part of it (including, without limitation, the watermark or mark the User Content bears), and otherwise use any or all of the User Content in any form, media, or technology now known or not currently known in any manner, on the Sites, Accio Channels and/or Third Party Channels and for any purpose which may be beneficial, whether directly or indirectly, to Accio, the operation of the Sites, the provision of any Services and/or the business of the User. You confirm and warrant to Accio that you have all the rights, power and authority necessary to grant the above license and the User Content and use of such User Content (including derivative works) by Accio and/or its affiliates under such license is free from any infringement or violation of any Third-Party Rights (as defined in clause 7.4 of the Terms). To the maximum extent permitted by law, you waive your right to enforce your Intellectual Property Rights in the User Content against Accio and/or its affiliates, assignees or sub-licensees in connection with use of such User Content in connection with the Services. Information that is protected under data protection laws will only be used and kept in compliance with those laws.
4. Authorization of the Services
4.1 You have control over your personal information. You can learn more about our protection and handling of your personal information through the Privacy Policy of Accio. At the same time, we will promptly accept and process your request for access, copying, correction, supplementation and deletion of personal information in accordance with the applicable law.
4.2 The information other than personal information (including content protected by intellectual property rights such as text, images and videos that you transmit or disclose) that you transmit or disclose when using the Services does not transfer rights as a result of the act of uploading or submitting. You agree that we may, within the scope permitted by laws and regulations, use such information to achieve the purpose of our Services (to provide the Services, to maintain and improve the Services, and to optimize the quality of the Services, etc.), to fulfill your instructions, to safeguard the national interest, to safeguard the public interest, to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of you and third parties and/or to meet the relevant requirements of laws and regulations.
4.3 You acknowledge, confirm and agree that:
(1) To enhance better customer service and experience for you and other users, this Services may utilize or include services (“Third-Party Services”) provided by third parties (“Third Parties”). Consequently, certain information transmitted or disclosed by you while using this Service will be processed through Third-Party Services;
(2) We do not have the right to grant you any right to use the Third-Party Services in this Term, nor do we have the right to provide any form of warranty or support for the Third-Party Services. Any disputes arising from your use of the Third-Party Services may be resolved through negotiation with the Third Party directly;
(3) If you do not want the Third Party to obtain your information, you can stop using the Third-Party Services and we will stop transmitting your information to the Third Party;
(4) The content generated by such Third-Party Services may be defective, incorrect and/or unreasonable. Please make the necessary checks before using such part of the content. We do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness and functionality of the content generated by such Third-Party Services, and the Content generated by such Third-Party Services does not represent our attitudes or opinions, nor does it constitute any advice or commitment;
(5) We cannot guarantee that content generated by such Third-Party Services does not and/or will not infringe or violate any third-party rights of any kind, including, without limitation, any privacy, patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets or other third-party or intellectual property rights. We shall not be liable for any disputes arising therefrom;
(6) We shall not be liable in any way for all actions taken by you with respect to the content generated by such Third-Party Services and the consequences thereof, unless expressly provided for in this Term. In the event where you find that the content generated by such Third-Party Services infringes any type of third-party rights and/or violates laws and regulations, you may provide feedback through the reporting portal. We will promptly accept, process and feedback the results of the processing;
(7) You shall indemnify us in full against any losses, liabilities, penalties incurred by us as a result of your use of the Services and/or Third-Party Services.
5. Modification of the Services
5.1 You know and agree that we may change the terms and conditions under this Term in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, this Term and its Supplements for the purpose of providing the Services and protecting consumer rights and interests.
5.2 In order to improve the user experience and perfect the content of the Services, we may change, upgrade, modify or transfer the Services and its related functions from time to time, and will develop new functions or other services in the Services (these updates may take the form of software replacement, modification, functional adjustment, version upgrade, etc.). 
6. Member Accounts
6.1 User must be registered on the Sites to access or use some Services (a registered User is also referred to as a “Member” below). Except with Accio’s approval, one User may only register one member account on the Sites. Accio may cancel or terminate a User’s member account if Accio has reasons to suspect that the User has concurrently registered or is in control of two or more member accounts. Further, Accio may reject User’s application for registration for any reason.
6.2 Upon registration on the Sites, Accio shall assign an account and issue a member ID and password (the latter shall be chosen by a registered User during registration) to each registered User. An account may have a web-based email account with limited storage space for the Member to send or receive emails.  
6.3 A set of Member ID and password is unique to a single account. Each Member shall be solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your Member ID and password and for all use of and activities that occur under your account (whether such use or activities are authorized or not). No Member may share, assign, or permit the use of your Member account, ID or password by another person, even to other individuals within the Member’s own business entity (where applicable). Member agrees to notify Accio immediately if you become aware of any unauthorized use of your password or your account or any other breach of security of your account.  
6.4 Member agrees that all use of the Sites and Services, and all activities that occur under your account will be deemed to have been authorized by the Member.  
6.5 Member acknowledges that sharing of your account with other persons, or allowing multiple users outside of your business entity to use your account (collectively, “multiple use”), may cause irreparable harm to Accio or other Users of the Sites. Member shall indemnify Accio, our affiliates, directors, employees, agents and representatives against any loss or damages (including but not limited to loss of profits) suffered as a result of the multiple use of your account. Member also agrees that in case of the multiple use of your account or Member’s failure to maintain the security of your account, Accio shall not be liable for any loss or damages arising from such a breach and shall have the right to suspend or terminate Member’s account without liability to the Member.
7. User’s Responsibilities
7.1 Each user represents, warrants and agrees that (a) you have full power and authority to accept the Terms, to grant the license and authorization and to perform the obligations hereunder; (b) your access and use the Sites and Services will be for business purposes only; and (c) for Users who are business entities, the address you provide when registering is the principal place of business of your business entity. For purposes of this provision, a branch or liaison office will not be considered a separate entity and your principal place of business will be deemed to be that of your head office.
7.2 Member may be required to provide information or material as part of the registration process on the Sites for your access to and use of any Service or the member account. Each Member represents, warrants and agrees that (a) such information and material whether submitted during the registration process or thereafter throughout the continuation of the use of the Sites or Service is true, accurate, current and complete, and (b) you will maintain and promptly amend all information and material to keep it true, accurate, current and complete.  
7.3 Upon becoming a Member, you consent to the inclusion of the contact information about you in our database and authorize Accio and our affiliates to use your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Policy.
7.4 Each Member represents, warrants and agrees that (a) you shall be solely responsible for obtaining all necessary third party licenses and permissions regarding any User Content that you submit, post or display; (b) any User Content that you submit, post or display does not infringe or violate any of the copyright, patent, trademark, trade name, trade secrets or any other personal or proprietary rights of any third party (“Third Party Rights”). 
7.5 Each Member further represents, warrants and agrees that the User Content that you submit, post or display shall: a) be true, accurate, complete and lawful; b) not be false, misleading or deceptive; c) not contain information that is defamatory, libelous, threatening or harassing, obscene, objectionable, offensive, sexually explicit or harmful to minors; d) not contain information that is discriminatory or promotes discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age; e) not violate Terms or any applicable Additional Agreements; f) not violate any applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation those governing export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, price gouging or false advertising) or promote any activities which may violate any applicable laws and regulations; g) not contain any link directly or indirectly to any other web Sites which includes any content that may violate the Terms.  
7.6 Each Member further represents, warrants and agrees that you shall/are: a) carry on your activities on the Sites in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations; c) carry on your activities in accordance with the Terms and any applicable Additional Agreements; d) not use the Services or Sites to defraud any person or entity (including without limitation sale of stolen items, use of stolen credit/debit cards); e) not impersonate any person or entity, misrepresent yourself or your affiliation with any person or entity; f) not engage in spamming or phishing; g) not engage in any other unlawful activities (including without limitation those which would constitute a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability, etc.) or encourage or abet any unlawful activities; h) not involve attempts to copy, reproduce, exploit or expropriate Accio’s various proprietary directories and databases; i) not involve any computer viruses or other destructive devices and codes that have the effect of damaging, interfering with, intercepting or expropriating any software or hardware system, data or personal information; j) not involve any scheme to undermine the integrity of the data, systems or networks used by Accio and/or any user of the Sites or gain unauthorized access to such data, systems or networks; k) not, and your director(s), officer(s), controlling party/ies, affiliates and legal jurisdiction in which any of the foregoing persons or entities is organized or has operations are not, persons or entities that are subject to any economic or fraud sanctions of any governmental, international or regulatory entities; and l) not engage in any activities that would otherwise create any liability for Accio or our affiliates.
7.7 Member agrees to provide all necessary information, materials and approval, and render all reasonable assistance and cooperation necessary for Accio’s provision of the Services, evaluating whether Member has breached the Terms and/or handling any complaint against the Member. If Member’s failure to do so results in delay in, or suspension or termination of, the provision of any Service, Accio shall not be obliged to extend the relevant service period nor be liable for any loss or damages arising out of or in connection with such delay, suspension or termination. 
7.8 Member acknowledges and agrees that Accio reserves the right to, but shall not be required to actively monitor or exercise any editorial control whatsoever over the content of any message or material or information (including User Content) created, obtained or accessible through the Services or Sites. Accio does not endorse, verify or otherwise certify the contents of any material or information (including User Content) created, obtained or accessible through the Services or Sites. 
7.9 Member acknowledges and agrees that the Sites and Services may only be used by businesses and their representatives for business use and not for individual consumers or for personal use. 
7.10 Member acknowledges and agrees that each Member is solely responsible for observing applicable laws and regulations in its respective jurisdictions to ensure that all access and use of the Site and Services are in compliance with the same.
7.11 Each Member represents, warrants and agrees that 
(a) you and your affiliates shall comply with applicable laws and regulations in conducting your respective business (including without limitation applicable laws and regulations with respect to product safety, intellectual property rights, data privacy, consumer protection, product or regulatory certification, import and export control, unfair competition, price gouging, false advertising, labor, environment, health and safety, anti-bribery and anti-money laundering);
(b) you and your affiliates are not the subject of any trade restrictions, sanctions or other legal restrictions enacted or proposed to be enacted by any country, international organization or jurisdiction (“Relevant Subjects”);
(c) you and your affiliates are not offering contents or information that would likely trigger any international trade restrictions, sanctions or other legal restrictions by any Relevant Subjects;
(d) neither you, or any of your parent companies or affiliates, directly or indirectly, deals with, or provides any funds, goods or services to Relevant Subjects; 
(e) you will at all times comply with all applicable export control and sanctions laws and regulations in using the Services, including sanctions resolutions, laws and regulations enacted and enforced by the UN Security Council, the People’s Republic of China, the United States of America, and any other country; and
(f) You and your affiliates are responsible for your products' compliance with the laws and regulations of the local country/region, the country/region of destination and other applicable international conventions, including but not limited to labor laws and standards, such as the Forced Labor Convention, 1930 and the Abolition of Forced Labor Convention, 1957. If a product is not permitted to be possessed, sold, purchased, exported, imported or manufactured in one or more country/regions, Sites reserve the right to remove the information of such product.
7.12 If, at any time, you fail to meet any of the above requirements, you should stop using the Services immediately. If Accio reasonably believes that any of your conduct violates or threatens to violate any applicable laws and regulations, Accio may, at its sole discretion, at any time take action as it may deem appropriate in light of the circumstances, including, but not limited to, terminating the provision of Services to you, closing relevant purchase orders, and terminating your accounts, while reserving all rights it may have regarding any non-compliant actions or conduct of its members.
8. Breaches by Members
8.1 Accio reserves the right in our sole discretion to remove, modify or reject any User Content (in whole or in part) that is posted or displayed on the Sites which we reasonably believe (i) violates any applicable laws and regulations, (ii) violates the Terms hereunder, (iii) could subject Accio or our affiliates to liability, (iv) infringes any Third Party Rights, (v) could harm the interests of our Members, third party or Accio or our affiliates, or (vi) is otherwise found inappropriate in Accio’s sole discretion.
8.2 If any Member breaches any Terms, or if Accio has reasonable grounds to believe that a Member is in breach of any Terms, Accio shall have the right to take such disciplinary actions as it deems appropriate, including without limitation: (i) suspending or terminating the Member’s account and any and all accounts determined to be related to such account by Accio in its sole discretion without liability for any losses or damages arising out of or in connection with such suspension or termination; (ii) restricting, downgrading, suspending or terminating the subscription of, access to, or current or future use of any Service; (iii) removing any User Content that the Member has submitted, posted or displayed, or imposing restrictions on User Content that the Member may post or display; (iv) imposing other restrictions on the Member’s use of any features or functions of any Service as Accio may consider appropriate in its sole discretion; and (v) any other corrective actions, discipline or penalties as Accio may deem necessary or appropriate in its sole discretion.  
8.3 Accio reserves the right to cooperate fully with governmental or regulatory authorities, law enforcement bodies, private investigators and/or injured third parties in the investigation of any suspected criminal or civil wrongdoing. Further, to the extent permitted by applicable laws and policies, Accio may disclose the Member's identity, contact information and/or information regarding the Member's account(s), transactions or activities carried out on or via the Site, if requested by a government, regulatory or law enforcement body or an injured third party, or as a result of a subpoena or other legal action. Accio shall not be liable for damages or results arising from such disclosure, and Member agrees not to bring any action or claim against Accio for such disclosure. 
8.4 Accio may, at any time and in our reasonable discretion, impose limitations on, suspend or terminate the Member’s use of any Service or the Sites without being liable to the Member if Accio has received notice that the Member is in breach of any agreement or undertaking with any affiliate of Accio and such breach involves or is reasonably suspected to involve dishonest or fraudulent activities. Accio reserves the right to, but shall not be required to investigate such breach or request confirmation from the Member.
8.5 Each Member agrees to indemnify Accio, our affiliates, directors, employees, agents and representatives and to hold them harmless, from any and all damages, losses, claims and liabilities (including legal costs on a full indemnity basis) which may arise from your submission, posting or display of any User Content, from your access to or use of the Sites or Services, or from your breach of the Terms or any Additional Agreements.  
8.6 Each Member further agrees that Accio is not responsible, and shall have no liability to you or anyone else for any User Content or other material transmitted through the Sites or Services, including fraudulent, untrue, misleading, inaccurate, defamatory, offensive or illicit material and that the risk of damage from such User Content or other material rests entirely with the Member.
8.7 Accio reserves the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by the Member, in which event the Member shall cooperate with Accio in asserting any available defenses.
9. Product Risks
9.1 Accio does not control and is not liable or responsible for the quality, safety, lawfulness or availability of the products or services whose information is displayed on the Sites.  
9.2 Users accessing or using the Site or Services shall also fully assume all risks of liability or harm of any kind arising out of or in connection with any subsequent activity relating to the products or services whose information is posted on the Sites. Examples of such risks shall include, but are not limited to, mis-representation of products and services, fraudulent schemes, unsatisfactory product quality, failure to meet specifications, defective or dangerous products, unlawful products, delay or default in delivery or payment, cost mis-calculations, breach of warranty, breach of contract, transportation accidents, the risk that the manufacture, importation, export, distribution, offer, display, purchase, sale and/or use of products or services displayed on the Sites may violate or may be asserted to violate Third Party Rights, and the risk that Users may incur costs of defense or other costs in connection with third parties’ assertion of Third Party Rights, or in connection with any claims by any party that they are entitled to defense or indemnification in relation to the assertion of rights, demands or claims by claimants of Third Party Rights. Examples of such risks also include the risk of claims from consumers, other purchasers, end-users of products or other third parties that they have suffered injuries or harm from their use of the products displayed on the Sites. All of the foregoing risks are referred to as “Products Risks”. Accio is not liable or responsible for any damages, claims, liabilities, costs, harm, inconveniences, business disruptions or expenditures of any kind that may arise a result of or in connection with any Product Risks.  
10. Limitation of Liability
10.1 TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE SERVICES PROVIDED BY ACCIO ON OR THROUGH THE SITES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS”, “AS AVAILABLE” AND “WITH ALL FAULTS” AND ACCIO HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF CONDITION, QUALITY, DURABILITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. ALL SUCH WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS, CONDITIONS, AND UNDERTAKINGS ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED.  
10.2 TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ACCIO MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE VALIDITY, ACCURACY, CORRECTNESS, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, STABILITY, COMPLETENESS OR CURRENTNESS OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THE SITES; ACCIO DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE INFORMATION OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES DISPLAYED ON THE SITES (FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ARE LISTED ON THE OTHER SITE) DOES NOT VIOLATE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS; SHALL NOT BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR OBTAINING ALL NECESSARY THIRD PARTY LICENSES AND PERMISSIONS REGARDING ANY INFORMATION OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES DISPLAYED ON THE SITES (FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ARE LISTED ON THE OTHER SITE); SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES ARISING FROM VIOLATION OF SUCH THIRD PARTY RIGHTS AND ACCIO MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND CONCERNING ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE DISPLAYED ON THE SITES.  
10.3 Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the Sites or Services is done at each User's sole discretion and risk and each User is solely responsible for any damage to its own or to Accio’s computer system(s) or any loss of data that may result from the download of any such material. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by any User from Accio or through or from the Sites shall create any warranty not expressly stated herein.  
10.4 Each User hereby agrees to indemnify and hold Accio, our affiliates, directors, officers and employees harmless, from any and all losses, claims, liabilities (including legal costs on a full indemnity basis) which may arise from such User's access to or use of the Sites or Services (including but not limited to the submission, posting or display of such User's information and User Content on the Sites) or from your breach of any of the representations, warranties hereunder and the terms and conditions of the Terms. Each User hereby further agrees to indemnify and hold Accio, our affiliates, directors, officers and employees harmless, from any and all losses, damages, claims, liabilities (including legal costs on a full indemnity basis) which may arise from User's breach of any representations and warranties made by User to Accio, including but not limited to those set forth in clause 5 hereunder.  
10.5 Each User hereby further agrees to indemnify and save Accio, our affiliates, directors, officers and employees harmless, from any and all losses, damages, claims, liabilities (including legal costs on a full indemnity basis) which may arise, directly or indirectly, as a result of any claims asserted by Third Party Rights claimants or other third parties relating to the User Content and/or information offered or displayed on the Sites. Each User hereby further agrees that Accio is not responsible and shall have no liability to you, for any material posted by others, including defamatory, offensive or illicit material and that the risk of damages from such material rests entirely with each User. Accio reserves the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you shall cooperate with Accio in asserting any available defenses.
10.6 Accio shall not be liable for any special, direct, indirect, punitive, incidental or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever (including but not limited to damages for loss of profits or savings, business interruption, loss of information), whether in contract, negligence, tort, equity or otherwise or any other damages resulting from any of the following: a) the use or the inability to use the Sites or Services; b) any defect in goods, samples, data, information or services obtained from a User or any other third party who information is displayed on the Sites or Services; c) violation of Third Party Rights or claims or demands that User's use of the Sites may violate or may be asserted to violate Third Party Rights; or claims by any party that they are entitled to defense or indemnification in relation to assertions of rights, demands or claims by Third Party Rights claimants; d) unauthorized access by third parties to data or private information of any User; e) statements or conduct of any User of the Sites or Services; or; f) any matters relating to the Sites or Services, however arising, including negligence.  
10.7 Notwithstanding any of the foregoing provisions, the aggregate liability of Accio, our employees, agents, affiliates, representatives or anyone acting on our behalf with respect to each User for all claims arising from the access to or use of the Sites or Services during any calendar year shall be limited to the greater of (a) the amount of fees the User has paid to Accio in exchange for the access to or use of the Site or Services during the calendar year and (b) the maximum amount permitted under the applicable law. The preceding sentence shall not preclude the requirement by the User to prove actual damages. All claims arising from the use of the Sites or Services must be filed within one (1) year from the date the cause of action arose or such longer period as prescribed under the applicable law governing the Terms. 
10.8 The limitations and exclusions of liability to you under the Terms shall apply to the maximum extent permitted by law and shall apply whether or not Accio has been advised of or should have been aware of the possibility of any such losses arising.
11. Force Majeure
11.1 Accio shall not be liable for or required to pay compensation of any nature whatsoever for any loss arising from the unavailability, inconvenience or failures of the services or systems due to the following reasons: (i) system shut-down for maintenance; (ii) inability to transmit data due to failures in communications terminals or telecommunications equipment; (iii) systems failure and inability to perform its functions due to force majeure events including but not limited to typhoons, earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, power failure, fires, storms, war, political unrest, labor strikes, shortage of labor or materials, riots, insurrections, civil disturbances, terrorist attack, explosions, acts of God, governmental actions, orders of domestic or foreign courts or tribunals, non-performance of third parties; or (iv) suspension or delay of services or systems failure due to reasons beyond the reasonable control of Accio such as hacker or cyber-attacks, technical adjustments or failure of the telecommunications department, website upgrades, third party problems or any suspension or disruption of transportation or business operation (including but not limited to delays or disruption of the resumption of work or operation ordered by any government agency) in the event of a national or regional spread of epidemic or pandemic.
12. Intellectual Property Rights
12.1 The Sites and Site Content embody trade secrets and other intellectual property rights protected under worldwide copyright and other laws.  
12.2 “Accio” and related icons and logos are registered trademarks or trademarks or service marks in various jurisdictions and are protected under applicable copyright, trademark and other proprietary rights laws. The unauthorized copying, modification, use or publication of these marks is strictly prohibited.  
13. Notices
13.1 Legal Notices
13.1.1All legal notices or demands to or upon Accio shall be made in writing and sent to Accio personally, by courier or certified mail to the following entity and address: ALIBABA.COM GLOBAL E-COMMERCE PTE. LTD., 26/F Tower One, Times Square, 1 Matheson Street, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong, Attn: Legal Department. The notices shall be effective when they are received by Accio in the above-mentioned manner.
13.1.2 All legal notices or demands to or upon a User shall be effective if either delivered personally, sent by courier, certified mail, by facsimile or email to the last-known correspondence, fax or email address provided by the User to Accio, or by posting such notice or demand on an area of the Sites that is publicly accessible without a charge. Notice to a User shall be deemed to be received by such User if and when:
a) Accio is able to demonstrate that communication, whether in physical or electronic form, has been sent to such User, or b) immediately upon Accio posting such notice on an area of the Sites that is publicly accessible without charge.
13.1.3 You agree that all agreements, notices, demands, disclosures and other communications that Accio sends to you electronically will satisfy any legal requirement that such communication should be in writing.
13.1.4 The content posted on Accio is monitored through both automated systems and manual review. Illegal content will be removed from the Sites. 
13.1.5 We reserve the right to suspend Services to any User who violates the rules of Accio. The decision to suspend Services will consider several factors, including but not limited to: (i) the number of items of manifestly illegal content or the number of notifications or unfounded complaints, submitted within a specific timeframe; (ii) the relative proportion of these items or notifications in relation to the total number of items of information provided or notifications submitted within the same timeframe; (iii) the severity of the misuse, which includes the nature of the illegal content and the consequences of such misuse; and (iv) the apparent intent of the User, where sufficiently evident.
13.2 Notices of illicit content 
13.2.1 Notice mechanism. You may notify us specific pieces of information that you consider to be illegal content by contacting our customer service through “Report Violation”. Your notice should include the following:
(a) a sufficiently substantiated explanation of the reasons why you allege the information in question to be illegal content;
(b) a clear indication of the exact electronic location of that information (such as the exact URL or URLs, and, where necessary, additional information enabling the identification of the illegal content);
(c) a statement confirming your bona fide belief that the information and allegations contained therein are accurate and complete.
13.2.2 Actions taken on notices. Where your notice contains electronic contact information, Accio will send a confirmation of receipt of the notice. After reviewing your notice, Accio will notify you of its decision in respect of the information to which the notice relates and provide you with information on the possibilities for redress.
13.2.3 Complaint-handling system. If you have submitted a notice, you may lodge a complaint within 6 months after you have been informed of Accio’s decision following your notice. You may lodge your complaint via report@accio.com. Accio will inform you of its decision in respect of the information to which the complaint related and of the possibility of out-of-court dispute settlement or other redress mechanisms. YOU ARE INFORMED THAT IF YOU FREQUENTLY SUBMIT NOTICES OR COMPLAINTS THAT ARE MANIFESTLY UNFOUNDED ACCIO MAY SUSPEND, AFTER ISSUING A PRIOR WARNING, THE PROCESSING OF YOUR NOTICES AND COMPLAINTS. For example, when the User has abused the “Report” button by repeatedly reporting the same content(s), submitting large numbers of reports that do not violate our policies, using multiple accounts or technical means to attempt to bypass reporting rate limits. 
13.2.4 Certified out-of-court dispute settlement. Where you have submitted a notice or lodged a complaint, you may select any certified out-of-court dispute settlement body in order to resolve dispute relating to Accio decisions following a notice or a complaint. In such case, you and Accio will engage, in good faith, with the selected certified out-of-court dispute settlement body with a view to resolving the dispute.
14. Dispute Resolution
14.1  You and Alibaba.com agree to arbitrate any dispute, controversy, difference or claim (i) arising out of or relating to the Terms, including the existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach, or termination thereof, (ii) regarding your use of the Sites or any of the Services, (iii) regarding non-contractual obligations arising out of or relating to the Terms, your use of the Sites or any of the Services, or arising under any applicable laws or regulations, or (iv) regarding the existence, validity, scope, or applicability of the agreement to arbitrate set out in this Section 14 of the Terms, including all questions of jurisdiction or admissibility (together, a “Dispute”).  User and Alibaba.com agree that arbitration pursuant to this Section 14 of the Terms shall be the sole and exclusive remedy for any Dispute.
14.2 Before referring a Dispute to arbitration, User and Alibaba.com agree first to try and settle the Dispute through negotiation. If settlement is not reached within 30 days after service of a written notice of the Dispute in accordance with clause 13 of the Terms, the Dispute shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration.  The arbitration shall be administered by the Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre (HKIAC) under the HKIAC Administered Arbitration Rules in force when the Notice of Arbitration is submitted. The number of arbitrators shall be one, unless the amount at issue exceeds USD $1,000,000.00, in which case the number of arbitrators shall be three.  The fees and expenses of the arbitrator(s) shall be determined on the basis of Schedule 3 of the HKIAC Administered Arbitration Rules.  The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in the English language. The seat of arbitration shall be Hong Kong.
14.3 Except as may be required by law, neither a party to the arbitration nor an arbitrator may disclose the existence, content, or results of any arbitration hereunder without the prior written consent of all parties.  Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.  Notwithstanding the law governing the remainder of the Terms or any Additional Agreement, the law of this Section 14 of the Terms shall be Hong Kong law.
14.4 ALL DISPUTES MUST BE SUBMITTED TO ARBITRATION IN AN INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A CLAIMANT OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR COLLECTIVE ARBITRATION.
15. General Provisions
15.1 Subject to any Additional Agreements, the Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Accio with respect to and govern your use of the Sites and Services, superseding any prior written or oral agreements in relation to the same subject matter herein. 
15.2 Accio and you are independent contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by the Terms.  
15.3 If any provision of the Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be deleted and the remaining provisions shall remain valid and be enforced.  
15.4 Headings are for reference purposes only and in no way define, limit, construe or describe the scope or extent of such clause.  
15.5 Accio’s failure to enforce any right or failure to act with respect to any breach by you under the Terms will not constitute a waiver of that right nor a waiver of Accio’s right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. 
15.6 Accio shall have the right to assign the Terms (including all of our rights, titles, benefits, interests, and obligations and duties in the Terms) to any person or entity (including any affiliates of Accio). You may not assign, in whole or part, the Terms to any person or entity.  
15.7 The execution, performance and interpretation of and settlement of disputes under this Term shall be governed by the laws of Hong Kong.
15.8 If you have any comments on the Services we provide to you, you may contact us via report@accio.comwith any such feedback or questions.
 
﻿
﻿
﻿
﻿
