Terms and Conditions


Applicability
Except as indicated below, these  terms and conditions apply to all websites, microsites, mobile websites, and mobile applications owned, operated, and maintained by or for American Honda Motor Co., Inc. and its United States subsidiaries and affiliates (“America Honda”, “us”, or “we") including (1) www.honda.com, www.acura.com and other American Honda websites on which these terms and conditions are linked; (2) American Honda mobile applications; and (3) the social media accounts and/or pages that we control. American Honda websites, mobile applications, and social media accounts are collectively referred to in these terms and conditions as the “Site.”

These terms and conditions do not apply to: (1) a limited number of American Honda websites and mobile applications governed by separate terms and conditions (e.g., HondaLink and AcuraLink); (2) websites owned and operated by or for American Honda Finance Corporation (“AHFC”) on which separate terms and conditions are linked or (3) your interaction with or use of the website of any Honda or Acura dealer. Please also note that this Site may contain hyperlinks to separate Honda websites, such as world.honda.com, that are owned and operated by our parent company, Honda Motor Co., Ltd. to which these terms and conditions do not apply. 

General Provisions
THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS TOGETHER WITH THE AMERICAN HONDA PRIVACY NOTICE AND ANY SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS, CONDITIONS, OR RULES POSTED TO A SPECIFIC AREA OF THIS SITE (COLLECTIVELY “TERMS”) SET FORTH THE TERMS GOVERNING YOUR USE OF THIS SITE AND HOW WE COLLECT, USE, AND SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.

BY ENTERING THIS SITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THESE TERMS CREATE A BINDING LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND US, AND INCLUDE A DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND ARBITRATION CLAUSE UNDER WHICH CERTAIN CLAIMS MAY NOT BE BROUGHT IN COURT OR DECIDED BY A JURY. PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY THESE TERMS, YOU ARE NOT PERMITTED TO USE THIS SITE.

We may, in our sole discretion, revise these Terms from time to time and we reserve the right to make changes at any time, without notice or obligation, to any of the content and information contained on this Site, including but not limited to automobile colors, pricing, availability, specifications, accessories, models, materials or other product or service features. By entering this Site, or continuing your relationship with us after such revisions, you acknowledge and agree that you shall be bound by any such revisions. We suggest periodically visiting this page of the Site to review these Terms.

Jurisdiction and Governing Law
American Honda makes no representations that the information and materials contained within this Site are appropriate for locations outside the United States. By entering this Site, you acknowledge and agree that, unless otherwise expressly stated, this Site is intended for use within the United States only by users eighteen (18) years of age or older and will only be governed according to the laws of the State of California, without regard to conflicts of laws principles. If you are not a member of the intended audience, you are not authorized to use this Site. If you use this Site from other locations you are responsible for compliance with all applicable local laws.   


Privacy Notice
Our Privacy Notice (available at https://www.honda.com/privacy/privacy-notice) is incorporated into these Terms. You acknowledge and agree that your use of the Site constitutes consent to the data collection, use, and disclosure practices described in our Privacy Notice. To access portions of this Site, you are required to obtain a username and/or password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any such username or password and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under such username and password. You understand that you can help protect your username, password, and personal information by logging out of password-protected web pages before you close your browser. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your username or password. American Honda maintains exclusive control of access and right of access to this Site. You understand and agree that we reserve the right to revoke your registration at any time without notice or cause of action for any reason whatsoever.


User Data
 

We may retain certain data that you transmit in connection with the Site for purposes of managing the Site and providing the Site to you, to manage our business and the products and services we provide, or for any other purposes outlined in our Privacy Notice. We do not warrant that we will retain your data for any period of time or at all. You should retain copies and backups of all data you provide to us.

 

Disclaimer of Warranties
This Site, and all information and materials contained herein, is provided to you on an "AS IS" and “AS AVAILABLE” basis, and AT YOUR OWN RISK TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. Although the specifications, features, illustrations, equipment, warranties, service manuals, recalls, safety tips, and other information contained in the Site are based upon up-to-date information, and while American Honda and all parties involved in creating, producing, or delivering this Site make all reasonable efforts to ensure that all material on this Site is correct, accuracy cannot be guaranteed. WE DISCLAIM, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND ALL WARRANTIES REGARDING SECURITY, CURRENCY, CORRECTNESS, QUALITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY, PERFORMANCE, TIMELINESS, OR CONTINUED AVAILABILITY WITH RESPECT TO THIS SITE. We expressly disclaim, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any warranties with respect to any downtime, delays or errors in the transmission or delivery of any information, materials, or services through the Site. To the extent any jurisdiction does not allow the exclusion of certain warranties, some of the above exclusions do not apply.

General Product, Services, and Financing Information
This Site provides information, including but not limited to suggested product pricing, product specifications, used car values, service contracts, budget calculators, financial calculators, current financing offers, and basic company information for informational purposes only and nothing contained herein constitutes financial advice or an offer to sell, finance, or lease a specific product or service to you unless otherwise expressly acknowledged and apparent from the particular content. You understand that when you purchase a vehicle, parts, or accessories through the Site, you are purchasing from a Honda or Acura Dealer and not from American Honda.

The MSRPs (manufacturer's suggested retail price) listed on this Site exclude tax, title, license, registration, destination charge, options and any dealer documentary fees. Dealers set actual prices. All trade-in values obtained from Kelley Blue Book are estimates and the actual value of the vehicle may be higher or lower depending upon the condition of your vehicle, equipment and local market conditions. For some newer models, Kelley Blue Book may not have enough data to provide a trade-in value.

Our financial calculators’ estimated payments exclude applicable taxes, title, registration, license, and documentary fees. The current finance or lease options are offered only on approved credit through Honda Financial Services or Acura Financial Services, may not be available in all areas of the United States, and not all Honda and Acura dealers may participate in these programs. Current offers do not constitute an offer of direct financing or of any particular lease or purchase transaction. Rates and requirements vary based on geographic location and credit worthiness.

This Site also posts certified used car inventories provided from individual authorized Honda and Acura certified used car dealers. You acknowledge that American Honda is neither responsible nor guarantees the accuracy of any information provided and that all vehicles are subject to prior sale. You understand that dealers set their own prices, all prices and specifications are subject to change without notice, and prices may not include additional fees such as government fees and taxes, title and registration fees, finance charges, dealer document preparation fees, processing fees, and emission testing and compliance charges.

As a result, this Site should not be used or relied upon by you as a substitute for information that is available to you from a third party advisor or from an authorized Honda or Acura dealer.

 

Payment for Purchases Made Through the Site
 

We use one or more third-party payment processors (the “Payment Processor”) to facilitate certain purchases made through the Site. The processing of payments will be subject to the terms, conditions, and privacy policies of the applicable Payment Processor in addition to these Terms. We are not responsible for errors by the Payment Processor. By choosing to purchase products through the Site, you agree to pay, through the Payment Processor, for your purchase with the applicable payment terms and you authorize us or the applicable authorized Honda or Acura dealer, through the Payment Processor, to charge your chosen payment provider (your “Payment Method”). You also agree to pay all applicable taxes.  You agree to make payment using your selected Payment Method. We reserve the right to correct any errors or mistakes made by the Payment Processor even if it has already requested or received payment from you. You agree to provide current, complete, and accurate purchase information for all purchases made through the Site. You further agree to promptly update account and payment information, including email address, payment method, and payment card expiration date, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed. All payments shall be in U.S. dollars.

We reserve the right to refuse any order placed through the Site. Once you have placed an order, that order can be cancelled only in accordance with the policies of the applicable Honda or Acura dealer with whom you have placed the order.

American Honda’s Intellectual Property
American Honda will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the full extent of the law. All images, text, sound, photos, custom graphics, button icons, video the collection and compilation and assembly thereof, content and technology used to deliver the Site or otherwise embodied in, displayed through, or provided directly or indirectly (e.g., emails or other communications from us to you), and the overall “look and feel” and distinctiveness of the Site constitute trade dress and are either the property of American Honda or used on this Site with permission. The absence on the Site of our name or logo does not constitute a waiver of our trademark or other intellectual property rights relating to such name or logo. All other product names, company names, marks, logos, and symbols appearing on the Site may be the trademarks and the property of their respective owners.

You acknowledge and agree that information, and services available on the Site are protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights and laws and are owned or licensed by American Honda. Except as expressly authorized by American Honda, either in these Terms or elsewhere, you agree not to sell, license, rent, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit, or create derivative works from the Site, information, or services. Without waiving any of the foregoing rights, you may print or download information or products from the Site for your own personal, non-commercial home use, provided that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Systematic retrieval of information or services from the Site to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database, or directory without written permission from American Honda is prohibited. Except as otherwise expressly permitted by American Honda in these Terms or elsewhere, any sale, decompilation, modification, reverse engineering, translation or disassembly of the information, content and services made available on the Site is prohibited.  You acknowledge that misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure or use of our intellectual property by others for commercial gain would unfairly and irreparably harm us in a manner for which damages would not be an adequate remedy, and you consent to our obtaining injunctive relief to restrain any breach or threatened breach of these Terms, without any requirement to post bond.

User Restrictions
You must not (1) except as otherwise expressly permitted by these Terms, harvest or otherwise collect information about others from the Site; (2) take any action that imposes or may impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Site or its infrastructure, or bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to any portion of the Site (or other accounts, networks or services connected thereto); (3) use manual or automated software, devices, or other processes to “crawl”, “scrape” or “spider” any part of the Site or otherwise to copy, obtain, propagate, distribute or misappropriate any information or other content from the Site; (4) distribute or otherwise make available any information or other content obtained through the Site to any third party, except as expressly permitted herein; or (5) otherwise interfere in any manner with the use or operation of the Site.

General Submissions
You agree that you will not post on this Site, or transmit to this Site, any pornographic, obscene, profane, defamatory, libelous, threatening, unlawful, objectionable, discriminatory, or other material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law or regulation. Notwithstanding the fact that American Honda or other parties involved in creating, producing, or delivering this Site, may monitor or review transmissions, postings, discussions, or chats, American Honda and all parties involved in creating, producing, or delivering this Site, assume no responsibility or liability that may arise from the content thereof, including but not limited to claims for defamation, libel, slander, obscenity, pornography, profanity, or misrepresentation. By entering this Site you acknowledge and agree that any communication or material you transmit to this site or American Honda in any manner and for any reason, is subject to review and removal, and will not be treated as confidential and/or proprietary to you, unless otherwise expressly stated in a particular area of this Site or in our Privacy  Notice. Furthermore, you acknowledge and agree that any ideas, questions, concepts, techniques, procedures, methods, systems, designs, plans, charts, or other materials you transmit to American Honda may be distributed, published, modified, edited, or otherwise used by American Honda anywhere, anytime, and for any reason whatsoever.

Photo Submissions
Some areas on this Site allow you to submit personal photos. The general purpose of such submissions is to provide a visual and textual representation of your American Honda product. We suggest you attach a high-quality photo of your product and provide an accurate, textual description that is both clear and relevant. You understand that not all types of photos are appropriate for use and all photos submitted are subject to review and removal. The following is a list of general photo restrictions:

 Photos cannot be sexually explicit or suggestive, unnecessarily violent or derogatory of any ethnic, racial, gender, religious, professional or age group, profane or pornographic, or contain nudity;
 Photos cannot promote alcohol, illegal drugs, tobacco, firearms/weapons (or the use of any of the foregoing), any activities that may appear unsafe or dangerous, or any particular political agenda or message;
 Photos cannot be obscene, offensive, or endorse any form of hate or hate group;
 Photos cannot defame, misrepresent or contain disparaging remarks about American Honda or its products, or other people, products or companies;
 Photos cannot contain trademarks, logos or trade dress owned by others, or advertise or promote any brand or product of any kind other than Honda or Acura, without permission, or contain any personal identification, such as license plate numbers, personal names, e-mail addresses or street addresses;
 Photos cannot contain copyrighted materials owned by others (including photographs, sculptures, paintings and other works of art or images published on or in websites, television, movies or other media) without permission;
 Photos cannot contain materials embodying the names, likenesses, photographs, or other indicia identifying any person, living or dead, without permission;
 Photos cannot communicate messages or images inconsistent with the positive images and/or goodwill to which American Honda wishes to associate; and
 Photos cannot depict a violation, and cannot themselves, be in violation of any law.
By submitting a photo or other content, you acknowledge that your photo or content may be posted on this Site, at our discretion. We reserve the right to, and may or may not, monitor/screen photos prior to posting them to the Site. By submitting a photo, you acknowledge that we have no obligation to use or post any photo you submit, and  we reserve the right to remove your photo or other content from the Site, without prior notice, for any reason or for no reason at all.


Use of and Restrictions on Submissions
By submitting a photo or other content, you warrant and represent that: (1) it is your original work and accurately reflects your experience with our product and that depictions are known to be true and are based upon your use of our product; (2) it does not infringe upon the copyrights, trademarks, rights of privacy, publicity or other intellectual property or other rights of any person or entity; (3) you have obtained permission from all persons whose names, likenesses or voices are used in the photo (if any); (4) publication of the photo or content via various media, including Web posting, will not infringe on any third party rights; and (5) you will indemnify and hold harmless both American Honda and any parties involved in creating, producing, or delivering the photo or content submission from any claims to the contrary.

By submitting a photo or other content, you agree that your submission is gratuitous, made without restriction, will not place American Honda under any obligation, and that we are free to disclose or otherwise disclose the ideas contained in the photo or other content on a non-confidential basis to anyone or otherwise use the ideas without any additional compensation to you.

You understand that submitting a photo or other content grants American Honda and its agents an unlimited worldwide perpetual license and right to publish and use the photo or other content in any way, in any and all media, without limitation, and without consideration to you. You acknowledge that, by acceptance of your submission, we do not waive any rights to use similar or related ideas previously known to us, or developed by American Honda’s employees, or obtained from sources other than you.


Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice
Copyright Infringement Notification

American Honda is committed to complying with U.S. copyright law and to respond to claims of copyright infringement. American Honda will promptly process and investigate notices of alleged infringement and will take appropriate actions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c) (“DMCA”).

If you are an intellectual property rights holder and believe your rights have been infringed, please read the following. Pursuant to the DMCA, notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to our Designated Agent. Notification must be submitted to the following Designated Agent for this site in the matter described below:

By Mail: DMCA Agent, 700 Van Ness Ave, Torrance, CA 90501

By Email: dmca@ahm.honda.com

Phone: 310-781-4961

For your complaint to be valid under the DMCA, you must provide all of the following information when providing notice of the claimed copyright infringement:

 A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner;
 Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed;
 Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of the infringing activity, and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, as well as information   reasonably sufficient to permit American Honda Motor to locate the material;
 Information reasonably sufficient to permit American Honda Motor to contact the copyright owner, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address;
 A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or law; and
 A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.

For more details on the information required for valid notification, see 17 U.S.C. 512(c)(3).

You should be aware that, under the DMCA, claimants who make misrepresentations concerning copyright infringement may be liable for damages incurred as a result of the removal or blocking of the material, court costs, and attorney fees.

Limitation of Liability
By using this Site you agree that, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, neither American Honda nor any of the parties involved in creating, producing, or delivering this Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages, or any other losses, costs, or expenses or any kind which may arise, directly or indirectly, through the access to, use of, implementation of, or browsing of this Site or through your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from this Site, including but not limited to anything caused by any viruses, bugs, or any computer system, phone line, hardware, software or program malfunctions, or any other errors, failures or delays in computer transmissions or network connections.

IN NO EVENT SHALL AMERICAN HONDA’S OR ANY OF OUR AFFILIATES’ TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES (OTHER THAN AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW IN CASES INVOLVING PERSONAL INJURY) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS AND YOUR USE OF THE SITE EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF TEN DOLLARS ($10.00).

THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY EVEN IF THE ABOVE STATED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES OR OF LIABILITY FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DAMAGES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

Dispute Resolution and Arbitration
In the event of any dispute arising out of or relating to these Terms (including their interpretation, validity, performance, or breach) (a “Dispute”), the Dispute shall be resolved solely as follows.  A party shall send a written notice to all affected parties describing the Dispute and any relief requested, including any specific damages claimed.  In order to permit the affected parties to attempt to resolve the matter amicably, no arbitral or judicial proceeding may be commenced until the passage of sixty (60) days from the receipt of the written notice. 

If the affected parties are unable to resolve the Dispute within the 60-day time period, any Dispute, other than a claim for wrongful death or personal injury, shall be resolved exclusively by binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its Consumer Rules (information about the AAA and its rules is available at www.adr.org.).  In the event that the AAA is unavailable or unwilling to administer the arbitration, and the parties are unable to agree to a substitute, a substitute shall be appointed by the court. The arbitration shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. ss. 2, et seq.  The obligation to arbitrate under this section shall extend to any claims against any affiliates, officers, directors, contractors, subcontractors, suppliers, agents, or employees of a party.  This provision shall not apply to claims of patent, trademark, or copyright infringement or misappropriation of trade secrets.

To the maximum extent permitted by law, the prevailing party or parties shall be entitled to an award of all costs, expenses, and attorneys’ fees reasonably incurred in the successful prosecution or defense of any claim.  However, if a claimant recovers less than the respondent’s highest written offer made before the commencement of arbitration, the respondent shall be deemed to be the prevailing party for this purpose.  The arbitrator shall have authority to issue any and all remedies authorized by law, but the arbitrator shall have no authority to conduct proceedings on a class or aggregated basis without the written consent of all parties; provided, however, that in the event of the filing of over twenty five (25) arbitration claims against American Honda or any of its affiliates, officers, directors, contractors, subcontractors, suppliers, agents, or employees raising substantially the same or similar Dispute, the AAA may at the request of such respondents appoint a single arbitrator or panel of arbitrators to resolve some or all common issues of law or fact.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, any party may at its option file an individual claim in any small claims court for disputes or claims within the scope of its subject matter jurisdiction if such court has personal jurisdiction.

If at any time any party requests mediation, all affected parties shall participate in a mediation directly and not solely through counsel, the requesting party to bear the costs and fees of the mediator(s).

Without derogation of the parties’ obligation to arbitrate, for any claims other than those in small claims court, jurisdiction for any court proceedings arising out of or relating to a Dispute shall be vested exclusively in the state or federal courts sitting in and for Los Angeles County, California, U.S.A., except that any judgment thereof or any arbitral award may be enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction.  If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than through arbitration, you and we each waive any right to a jury trial.

If any part of this dispute resolution and arbitration provision is later deemed invalid as a matter of law, then it shall be severed and the remaining portions of this provision shall remain in effect, with the exception that if a court or arbitrator determines in an action between you and us that the above class action waiver is unenforceable, then this arbitration provision will be void as to you.

Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold American Honda, our affiliates, subsidiaries, joint ventures, third-party service providers, employees, contractors, agents, officers, and directors harmless from any and all liability, claims, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) that arise out of or are related to your violation of these Terms or use of the Site.

Force Majeure
We will be excused from failures or delays in delivery or performance of the Site if such failure or delay is attributable to causes beyond our reasonable control such as weather, acts of God, natural disaster, war, terrorist attack, disease, epidemic/pandemic, criminal activity, riot, civil unrest, strike, or utility failure.

Sweepstakes
The Site offers sweepstakes from time to time. While no purchase is necessary to enter any such sweepstakes, you agree to comply with the official rules of the relevant sweepstakes advertised on this Site. Please do not enter if you are not a permanent resident of the eligible geographic area, or if you are otherwise ineligible as set forth in the particular sweepstake’s official rules. Entries received from persons residing outside of the eligible geographic areas, from other persons otherwise ineligible, or where restricted or prohibited by law will be disqualified.

Careers
This Site offers, or contains a link to, job opening information across many American Honda entities and provides mediums for you to apply and submit your resume. You understand that nothing contained herein constitutes an offer of employment by any American Honda entity.

Links
This Site may contain links to or be accessed through links that are owned and operated by American Honda Finance Corporation, or independent third parties such as authorized Honda and Acura dealers, Kelley Blue Book, body shops, and off-road riding schools, to which these Terms do not apply. We provide links as a convenience and the inclusion of the link does not imply that American Honda endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content on those sites. American Honda is not responsible for content including but not limited to advertising claims, special offers, illustrations, names or endorsement, or the availability, operation or performance of authorized Honda and Acura dealers or any other sites, to which this Site may be linked to or from which this Site may be accessed. Further, American Honda is not, directly or indirectly, implying any approval, association, sponsorship, endorsement, or affiliation with the linked site, unless specifically stated therein. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk. We recommend that you review any terms of use statement and privacy notice before using any other linked site.

Miscellaneous
These Terms constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and us as to the subject matter hereof. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms will not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the Terms is determined to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, the parties intend that the offending provision be modified to the minimum extent necessary to be lawful and enforceable. Portions of the Terms which by their nature would survive termination of your use of the Site (e.g., disclaimer of warranties, limitation of liability, indemnification) will be deemed to survive. Headings are provided as a convenience and should not be used as interpretive aids. The Terms do not create any joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship between the parties. You agree that ambiguities in the Terms will not be construed against us by attribution of drafting. We may assign any of our rights or obligations to others at any time without notice to you. You may not assign any of your rights or obligations to others without our prior written consent.

Contact Information
American Honda Motor, Co., Inc., 1919 Torrance Blvd., Torrance, CA 90501.

If you have any questions, please contact us 1-800-999-1009

LAST UPDATED: February 20, 2025

 

Specific Website Provisions

This section addresses this Site’s unique functionality and offerings specific to particular areas of this Site and serves as a supplement to the General Provisions above.



powersports.honda.com  

powersports.honda.com
 

Honda Card

The Honda Card program sponsored by Honda Card and Citibank Consumer Card Company and the revolving charge card is only valid for the purchase of Honda motorcycle-, ATV-, scooter- or personal watercraft-related items at participating Dealers.  See the Honda Card Online Credit Pre-approval Web pages and the cardholder application/agreement for more details at http://powersports.honda.com

offroad.honda.com

Photo disclaimer.  All riders shown on established trails in approved riding areas.

Where to Ride Trail Locator.  Offroad.honda.com provides trail information for reference purposes only.  American Honda does not endorse the safety or conditions of any trails identified on this Site and you acknowledge that there are inherent risks, dangers, and hazards associated with riding mechanical equipment and that you are responsible for your own safety.  American Honda is not responsible for any property damage, personal injury, death or loss that may occur to any property, you or others while making use of referenced trails.  American Honda is not responsible for any inaccuracies or errors in the referenced trail locations.  All trail locations are approximate locations.  All trail difficulty and/or riding skill ratings are listed as suggested guidelines only and will vary based on conditions and rider ability.  Contact the local trail administrator, governing body, or local authorities for updated trail information before you go.

Honda Riding Education Centers.  Offroad.honda.com allows you to request a Motorcycle Safety Foundation Dirtbike School class and submit your preferred date for participation.  You acknowledge that this submission does not guarantee your preferred date at the particular location and you must schedule dates with a representative of the selected location.


 
owners.honda.com and owners.acura.com, and mygarage.honda.com/s/
 

Honda Owners and Acura Owners sites generally

The Honda Owners/Acura Owners sites allow users to create a Honda ID/Acura ID and Password to gain access to your account and vehicle information, although it is not required for access to the site itself.  You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Honda ID/Acura ID and Password, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your Honda ID/Acura ID and Password.  We reserve the right to terminate your Honda ID/Acura ID and/or Password for use on this site for any reason, with or without prior notice.  More details are available within site "Help". 

Vehicle Information

Service records may include manually entered information and data derived from authorized Honda and Acura dealers. American Honda has not independently verified such information and does not guarantee its accuracy.

eStore

eStore is developed and supported by American Honda to assist consumers in purchasing Genuine Honda & Acura Parts and Accessories directly from their local participating Honda & Acura dealer, using the convenience of the internet.  You understand that when you purchase an item on eStore, you are purchasing from one of hundreds of participating Honda or Acura Dealers and not from American Honda. Each participating Honda or Acura Dealer determines their own pricing and from time to time may offer discounts on select items.


greendealer.honda.com
 

Honda Green Dealer

Email Newsletters.  You may decide that you wish to sign up to receive email newsletters on Honda environmentally responsible products & technology, “green dealer” guideline updates, and/or other site features. In doing so, you will be required to provide your email address and occupation, and asked to submit your first name, last name, country of origin, and organization. Requesting email newsletters and providing your personal information is your choice.

Download the “Green Dealer” Guide.  You may download the “green dealer” guideline. In doing so, you will be required to provide your email address and occupation, and asked to submit your first name, last name, country of origin, and organization before your download begins. Downloading the “green dealer” guideline and providing your personal information is your choice.

Locate a “Green Dealer” & “Green Dealers” by Award Level.  Dealerships referenced herein are Honda and Acura dealers, which are independent from American Honda. Visiting these dealers online or in person is your personal choice.