Terms and conditions
Last updated: August 5, 2025

This service, provided by Affordable Housing Network, LLC (the “Company” and/or “AHN”), is a private listing service for use by “You” or “User” that includes: owners, landlords, public housing authorities, property managers, families, tenants and general users. Family and Tenant leads are provided by AHN independently of Your local housing authority. For confidentiality reasons, Your local housing agency cannot provide You with tenant information directly. This service is not owned or subsidized by any housing authority, HUD, or other government agency.

By visiting or using the Company’s websites at www.AffordableHousing.com or www.GoSection8.com (the "Service") the User of the Service (“You” and "User") agrees to the following Terms and Conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"). These Terms and Conditions apply to all visitors and/or Users of this Service and websites. If the User does not want to be bound to these Terms and Conditions, the User should not access or use this Service or products associated with the websites ( “Service” or “Products”).

By accessing this Service, the User acknowledges acceptance of these Terms and Conditions. If the User violates any of these Terms and Conditions, AHN reserves the right to seek all remedies available by law and in equity against the User for such violations.

Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using the Company’s websites, Products and Services.

Interpretation and Definitions

Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

Definitions

For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:

Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where “control” means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.

Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

Country refers to: United States of America.

Company (referred to as either “AHN, “Company”, “We”, “Us”, or “Our” in this Agreement) refers to Affordable Housing Network, LLC., 5000 T-Rex Avenue, Boca Raton, FL

Content refers to content such as text, images, photographs, or other information that can be posted, uploaded, linked to or otherwise made available by You, regardless of the form of that content.

Device means any technology enabled instrument that can access the Service via the Internet such as, but not limited to, a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

Free Trial refers to a limited period of time that the Service may be offered at no cost to a potential Subscriber or prospect.

Goods refer to the items offered for sale on or through the Service.

Orders mean a request by You to purchase Goods or Service from Us.

Products and Service(s) includes, collectively or as applicable to You, the Site, Software as a Service (SaaS) including but not limited to RentWatch, Rent Reasonable Software, RevoListTM Software, AHN Portal, and any additional software developed/offered, and/or Subscription Services, and any other consulting services provided by AHN pursuant to these Terms and Conditions or any Agreement and any applicable Products and/or Services Addendum.

Subscriptions refer to the Services or access to the Service offered on a subscription basis by the Company to You and may include features that allow for automatically recurring payments for periodic charges (“Subscription Service”). If you decide to activate a Subscription Service, you authorize us to periodically charge, on a going-forward basis and until cancellation of either the recurring payments on your account, all accrued sums on or before the payment due date for the accrued sums. The subscription will continue unless and until you cancel your subscription, or we terminate it. You must cancel your Subscription Service before it renews in order to avoid billing of the next periodic subscription fee to your account. Please read our Returns Policy to learn more about Your right to cancel Your Order or request a refund.

Terms and Conditions (also referred to as “Terms” mean these Terms and Conditions that form the entire Agreement between You and the Company regarding the use of the Service.

Third-party Social Media Service means any services or content (including data, information, products or services) provided by a third-party that may be displayed, included or made available by the Service.

Website refers to AffordableHousing.com  AND GoSection8.com, accessible from www.AffordableHousing.com and www.GoSection8.com all owned and operated by the Company.

You refers to the individual accessing or using the Service, or the User, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual or subscriber is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

Acknowledgment

These are the Terms and Conditions governing the use of this Service and the agreement that operates between You and the Company. These Terms and Conditions set out the rights and obligations of all Users regarding the use of the Service.

Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions apply to all visitors, Users and others who access or use the Service.

By accessing or using the Service You agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. If You disagree with any part of these Terms and Conditions then You may not access the Service and You should not use the Service.

You represent that You are over the age of 18. The Company does not permit those under 18 to use the Service.

Your access to and use of the Service is also conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with the Privacy Policy of the Company. Our Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your personal information when You use the Application or the Website and informs You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. Please read our Privacy Policy carefully before using or accessing Our Service.

Acceptance of Terms of Use

This website (the "Site") is operated by the Company. By accessing or using this Site (or any part thereof), You agree to be legally bound by the Terms and Conditions that follow (the "Terms of Use") as We may modify them from time to time. These Terms of Use apply to Your use of this Site, including the Company Services offered via the Site. They constitute a legal contract between You and the Company and by accessing or using any part of the Site, You represent and warrant that You have the right, power and authority to agree to and be bound by these Terms of Use. If You do not agree to the Terms of Use, or if You do not have the right, power, and authority to agree to and be bound by these Terms of Use, You may not use the Site. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if You and the Company have entered into a separate written agreement that covers Your use of the Company Services, the terms and conditions of such agreement shall control with respect to such Service to the extent they are inconsistent with these Terms of Use.

The Company’s Role:

THE COMPANY DOES NOT REPRESENT YOU IN ANY CAPACITY. THE SERVICES AND PRODUCTS THE COMPANY PROVIDES, ARE NOT THOSE OF A LENDER OR REAL ESTATE BROKER REPRESENTING YOU OR ANOTHER USER. The Company’s business receives funding through advertising, sponsorship and subscription related to its Products and Services. You understand and agree that the Services may include advertisements, and that these are necessary to support the Services. To help make the advertisements relevant and useful to You, the Company may serve advertisements based on the information We collect through the Services. See the Privacy Policy for more details.

Furthermore, the Company does not: (a) act as a real estate agent for You or any other User; (b) represent You or another User in the rental, purchase, sale, or exchange of real property, including any negotiation thereof; or (c) lease or rent, offer to lease or rent, or negotiate the lease of real property or otherwise aid or assist in the lease of real property. The Company assumes no responsibility for any result or consequence related directly or indirectly to any action or inaction that Users or consumers experience based on the Services, Products or any other information available through or in connection with the Services.

Placing Orders

By placing an Order for Goods and/or Services or Products, You warrant that You are legally capable of entering into binding contracts.

Your Information

If You wish to buy a Service, You may be asked to supply certain information relevant to Your Order including, without limitation, Your name, Your email, Your phone number, Your credit card number, the expiration date of Your credit card, Your billing address, and Your shipping information.

You represent and warrant that:

You have the legal right to use any credit or debit card(s) or other payment method(s) in connection with any Order; and that
the information You supply to the Company is true, correct and complete.
By submitting such information, You grant us the right to provide the information to payment processing third parties for purposes of facilitating the completion of Your Order.

Subscription Based Services

Membership Services are accessed through both free and paid subscriptions.

The Standard Landlord Listing Membership is currently offered at no charge; however, the Company reserves the right to change or modify the pricing structure from time to time. Listings associated with this membership must be updated monthly to remain active.

Monthly memberships that are fee based are billed at the stated monthly rate at the time of purchase and are subject to adjustment depending on the User’s preferences and Company’s established rates that may be modified from time to time at the Company’s sole discretion.

Upon purchasing a Subscription-Based Listing Service, You agree to the following:

Monthly Memberships:

You agree to pay the Company Your first month’s subscription rate immediately upon sign up (at time of purchase) and Your monthly rate thereafter on a recurring basis each month.
You agree to authorize the Company to process payment of such fees in the same manner as You selected when You activated the purchase until You cancel Your subscription, or Your subscription is otherwise terminated according to these Terms and Conditions. Memberships are non-refundable.
Annual memberships are billed at the stated annual rate at the time of purchase.
You agree to pay the Company Your annual subscription rate immediately upon sign up (at the time of purchase) and Your annual rate thereafter on a recurring basis on each annual anniversary date.
You agree to authorize the Company to process payment of such fees in the same manner as You selected when You activated the purchase until You cancel Your subscription, or Your subscription is otherwise terminated according to these Terms and Conditions. Memberships are non-refundable.
Quarterly Memberships:

Quarterly memberships are billed at the stated quarterly rate at the time of purchase.
You agree to pay the Company Your quarterly subscription rate immediately upon sign up (at time of purchase) and Your quarterly rate thereafter on a recurring basis each quarter.
You agree to authorize the Company to process payment of such fees in the same manner as You selected when You activated the purchase until You cancel Your subscription, or Your subscription is otherwise terminated according to these Terms and Conditions. Memberships are non-refundable.
The Company reserves the right to remove any posting or member account at any time for any violation of any of these Terms or for nonpayment.
Subscription period

The Service or some parts of the Service are available only with a paid Subscription. You will be billed in advance on a recurring and periodic basis (such as daily, weekly, monthly or annually), depending on the type of Subscription plan You select when purchasing and activating the Subscription. At the end of each period, Your Subscription will automatically renew under the exact same conditions unless You cancel it or Your subscription is otherwise terminated or cancelled according to these Terms and Conditions. At the end of each period, Your Subscription will automatically renew under the same conditions unless You cancel it prior to the automatic renewal date or Your subscription is otherwise terminated according to these Terms and Conditions.

Lease Template Terms:

The lease templates and information contained within this website (www.affordablehousing.com the “Website”), are intended to help you in taking the proper steps to protect your rights when renting housing, but the lease and other information is not intended to take the place of legal advice nor is it intended to be an up-to-date or accurate representation of the state and federal laws, rules, regulations, ordinances, local housing and building codes and the other applicable requirements or regulations. 

It is important for you to understand the laws and regulations within your jurisdiction. While Affordable Housing Network, LLC makes an effort to create a flexible platform that works well in most jurisdictions, Affordable Housing Network, LLC does not warrant the leases, information, software or any products or services for any particular jurisdiction. If the Affordable Housing Network, LLC provided lease templates and information do not meet the legal needs of your jurisdiction, you agree to discontinue use of all Affordable Housing Network, LLC related software and/or services immediately.

The information provided on this Website is not legal advice, does not constitute a lawyer referral service, and no attorney-client or confidential relationship is or will be formed by use of the Website.

Templates, forms and other information found on this Website may be used “as is” or modified as needed. No template form on the Website has been adopted as an official form of any jurisdiction. These template forms, while a helpful resource, cannot cover all situations. Affordable Housing Network, LLC and the creators of these forms make no warranties, express or implied, concerning their use, and disclaim any responsibility whatsoever for the information contained in these templates. None of the content should be considered legal advice. Users of these forms should consult a lawyer for evaluation and advice on particular fact situations, rights, and obligations on issues covered herein.

Our Websites and Services provide access to self-help services, including general information related to the law, to help users cope with their own legal needs. 

We are not lawyers or a law firm and we do not provide legal, business or tax advice. None of our representatives are lawyers and they also do not provide legal, business or tax advice. The accuracy, completeness, adequacy or currency of the content is not warranted or guaranteed. Our Websites and Services are not substitutes for the advice or services of an attorney. We recommend you consult a lawyer or other appropriate professional if you want legal, business or tax advice.

We strive to keep our content and documents accurate, current and up-to date, however, because the law changes rapidly, we cannot guarantee that all of the information on the Website and Services are completely current. The law is different from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and may be subject to interpretation by different courts. The law is a personal matter, and no general information or tool, like the kind we provide, can fit every circumstance. Furthermore, the legal information contained on the Website and the Services is not legal advice and is not guaranteed to be correct, complete or up-to-date. Therefore, if you need legal advice for your specific problem, or if your specific problem is too complex to be addressed by our tools, you should consult a licensed attorney in your area. Our Websites and Services are not intended to create any attorney-client relationship, and your use of our Websites and Services does not and will not in any circumstance create an attorney-client relationship between you and us. We are not a lawyer referral service and the Websites and Services and other resources and information are for your use only. 

Affordable Housing Network, LLC provides an online portal to give users a general understanding of the lease and to provide an automated software solution to individuals who choose to prepare their own lease documents. The Website includes general information on commonly encountered lease terms and issues. The Affordable Housing Network, LLC Services also include a review of your answers for completeness, spelling, and for internal consistency of names, addresses and the like. At no time do we review your answers for legal sufficiency, draw legal conclusions, provide legal advice, opinions or recommendations about your legal rights, remedies, defenses, options, selection of forms, or strategies, or apply the law to the facts of your particular situation. Affordable Housing Network, LLC is not a law firm and may not perform services performed by an attorney. Affordable Housing Network, LLC, its Services, and its information, forms or templates are not a substitute for the advice or services of an attorney.

Use of Affordable Housing Network, LLC Templates/Lease Forms. On our Website, through our applications, we offer self-help "fill in the blank" forms. If you buy or download a form on our Website or application, the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use control. You understand that your purchase, download, and/or- use of a form document is neither legal advice nor the practice of law, and that each form and any applicable instructions or guidance is not customized to your particular needs.

At no time is an attorney-client relationship fostered or created with us.
Our Websites and Services are only one source of information among the many sources that are available to you. You may wish to consider multiple sources in order to make any informed decisions.
You understand that any laws, statutes, rules, regulations, legal listings or directories are provided by third parties and may contain inaccurate, incomplete or outdated information. You must independently verify the accuracy of any information you obtain from our Websites and Services.
We will never refer you to a specific attorney or service. You are solely responsible for making a selection of an attorney or other service and determining whether the information you obtain through your use of our Websites is suitable for your purposes. Any agreements regarding legal services or fees must be made outside the scope of our Websites and are strictly between the user and the third party and do not involve us in any way. We do not receive any portion of any attorney's or law firm's fees. We are not involved in or responsible for any transactions that might occur, and we do not guarantee that such transactions will occur.
The release and security of any sensitive or confidential information transmitted by you to any attorney or service is your sole responsibility.
We do not recommend or endorse any particular attorney or legal service and make no representation, guarantee or warranty (express or implied) as to the legal ability, competence, quality, or reliability of any legal services provided by any of these lawyer services. 
If you use our Website and/or Services, you agree that: IN NO EVENT WILL WE BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS OR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE OR SERVICES OR FOR ANY ADVICE, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PROVIDED TO YOU BY ANY ATTORNEY. TO THE EXTENT THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS PROHIBITED, OUR SOLE OBLIGATION TO YOU FOR DAMAGES WILL BE LIMITED TO $100.00.
Landlords and tenants will face legal issues during the rental process, but not every issue needs to involve the courts. Our Website is not intended to be exhaustive or a substitute for qualified legal advice. Laws and statutes are always subject to change and may vary by county or city. You are responsible for performing your own research and complying with all laws applicable to your unique situation.  
The Website and Services are intended to provide guidance for a “clear and fair” lease for use by tenants and landlords.  
If you have legal questions or concerns, we recommend consulting with the appropriate government agencies and a qualified lawyer in your area. Your state bar association or legal aid society may have a referral service that can help you find a lawyer with experience in landlord-tenant law.


Order Cancellation

We reserve the right to refuse or cancel Your Order at any time for reasons including, but not limited to:

Goods/Service availability
Errors in the description or prices for Goods
Errors in Your Order
If Company suspects unscrupulous or immoral activity, actions or illegal conduct
Company reserves the right to refuse or cancel Your Order if fraud or an unauthorized or illegal transaction is suspected.
Your Order Cancellation Rights

Any Goods or Services You purchase, including re-occurring subscription services, can only be cancelled in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and Our Returns Policy.

Our Returns Policy forms a part of these Terms and Conditions. Please read our Returns Policy (below) to learn more about Your right to cancel Your Order or request a refund.

Your right to cancel an Order only applies to any Service You have purchased in error or did not intend to purchase at the time of purchase.

If You accidently purchased a Paid Membership Subscription Service, or any other type of Service, You have three (3) calendar days to contact us regarding Your accidental purchase. This accidental purchase refund or credit shall only apply if the Products and Services were not used. If the Products and Services were not used during that three (3) day period, We may then offer You a  “One-Time” Courtesy Refund or Credit for Your accidental purchase.

We will reimburse You no later than 14 days from the day on which We receive the returned Goods, Products or Services. We will use the same means of payment as You used for the Order, and You will not incur any fees for such reimbursement.

Canceling Your Subscription and/or Membership

To cancel Your subscription, log into Your account and click on the "My Account" link. Within the "My Account" page You will find a "Cancel" link at the bottom. Once You cancel Your account, Your automated billing will cease immediately. Your account, however, will remain active until the conclusion of the subscription period in effect. Canceled memberships are neither refunded nor prorated.

Availability, Errors and Inaccuracies

We are constantly updating our offerings of Products, Goods and Services. As such, they may be mispriced, described inaccurately, or unavailable, and We may experience delays in updating information regarding our Products, Goods or Services and in Our advertising on websites.

We cannot and do not guarantee or warrant the accuracy or completeness of any information, including prices, product images, specifications, availability, and services. We reserve the right to change or update information and to correct errors, inaccuracies, or omissions at any time without prior notice.

Pricing Policy

The Company reserves the right to revise its prices at any time prior to accepting an Order.

The prices quoted may be revised by the Company subsequent to accepting an Order in the event of any occurrence affecting delivery caused by government action, variation in customs duties, increased shipping charges, higher foreign exchange costs and any other matter beyond the control of the Company. In that event, You will have the right to cancel Your Order.

Payments

All Products, Goods and Services purchased are subject to a one-time payment. Payment can be made through various payment methods We have available, such as Visa, MasterCard, Affinity Card, American Express cards or online payment methods (PayPal, for example).

Payment cards (credit cards or debit cards) are subject to validation checks and authorization by Your card issuer. If We do not receive the required authorization, the Company will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery of Your Order.

Placing an Order and Billing

You shall provide the Company with accurate and complete billing information including full name, address, state, zip code, telephone number, and a valid payment method information. Should automatic billing fail to occur for any reason, the Company will issue an electronic invoice indicating that You must proceed manually, within a certain deadline date, with the full payment corresponding to the billing period as indicated on the invoice.

By clicking “Place My Order,” You are authorizing Company to charge Your credit card and agree that this is a re-occurring Monthly/Quarterly/Annual subscription, as applicable. Your credit card will be billed until You cancel Your membership or Your membership is otherwise cancelled by the Company according to these Terms and Conditions.  If You wish to cancel Your subscription, You can contact us by phone at 866-466-7328 or by logging into Your account and submitting cancel in account settings.  Please note that simply “withdrawing Your property listing” or “changing it to Inactive” DOES NOT cancel Your subscription. You must cancel prior to the renewal date in order to stop any further re-occurring charges.

Fee Changes

The Company in its sole discretion and at any time, may modify the Subscription fees. Unless otherwise stated, any Subscription fee change will become effective at the end of the then-current Subscription period.

The Company will provide You with reasonable prior notice of any change in Subscription fees to give You an opportunity to terminate Your Subscription before such change becomes effective.

Your continued use of the Service after the Subscription fee change comes into effect constitutes Your agreement to pay the modified Subscription fee amount.

Refunds and Credits

AHN does not provide refunds for its Saas Products, including but not limited do: RentWatch Rent Reasonable Service, RevoList, AHN Portals, and other AHN Saas products developed/offered by AHN. For Non-Saas Products, including but not limited to, paid Subscription Memberships, Fees are refundable up to three (3) calendar days after purchase only if no property has been listed within the first three (3) calendar days of activating a new membership.

All requests for refunds must be submitted through Customer Service.

Credits for Interruptions. If an interruption or failure of Services or Products is caused solely by Us and not by You or by a third party or by other causes beyond Our reasonable control, you may be entitled to a credit or refund. To request a credit or refund, you must contact Customer Service by phone, in writing or email to HAsupport@Gosection8.com or  HAsupport@affordablehousing.com. COMPANY reserves the right to refuse a credit or refund request if it reasonably believes (a) that You are trying to unfairly exploit this refund policy, (b) You have breached the User Agreement or Terms and Conditions or (iii) that You are using the Website fraudulently or that Your Account is being used fraudulently by a third party.

If you believe that COMPANY has charged you in error, you must submit a written request for a refund or credit by contacting Customer Service by mail or email to support@Gosection8.com [or support@affordablehousing.com] within 90 days after the date the error first appears in your Account or within 120 days after the error occurred, whichever is the earlier. No refunds or credits will be given for any charges beyond these time limits.

Except when required by law, paid Subscription fees are non-refundable.

Certain refund or credit requests for Subscriptions may be considered by the Company on a case-by-case basis and granted at the sole discretion of the Company.

Free Trial

The Company may, at its sole discretion, offer a Subscription with a Free Trial for a limited period. You may be required to enter Your billing information to sign up for the Free Trial.

If You do enter Your billing information when signing up for a Free Trial, You will not be charged by the Company until the Free Trial has expired. On the last day of the Free Trial period, unless You cancelled Your Subscription, You will be automatically charged the applicable Subscription fees for the type of Subscription You have selected.

At any time and without notice, the Company reserves the right to (i) modify the terms and conditions of the Free Trial offer, or (ii) cancel such Free Trial offer.

User Accounts

When You create an account with Company, You must provide Us information that is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of Your account on Our Service.

You are responsible for safeguarding the password that You use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under Your password, whether Your password is with Our Service or a Third-Party Social Media Service.

You agree not to disclose Your password to any third party. You must notify Us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of Your account.

You may not use as a username the name of another person or entity or that is not lawfully available for use, a name or trademark that is subject to any rights of another person or entity other than You without appropriate authorization, or a name that is otherwise offensive, vulgar, or obscene.

Government Users, Housing Authorities and Contractors

This service is provided by Affordable Housing Network, LLC, a private listing service (the Company, “AHN") for Housing Authorities, Finance Authorities and other government agencies and related parties contracting or using AHN services.

By utilizing or contracting the "Service" provided by the Company, the Users or licensees of the Service ("Users") agree to the following terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"). These Terms and Conditions apply to all visitors and/or Users of this Service, whether entering into a separate signed written agreement with the Company or otherwise utilizing this site and Services.  If the User does not want to be bound to these Terms and Conditions the User should not access or use this Service. By accessing this Service, the User acknowledges acceptance of these Terms and Conditions. If the User violates any of these Terms and Conditions, the Company reserves the right to seek all remedies available in this agreement and by law and in equity for such violations.

Early Termination and Protection of AHN Data and Services

It is agreed by the Users contracting with the Company that if there is a material change in the management of the Housing Authority, Finance Authorities or parties contracting with the Company which results in the management or control of these entities being assumed or advised by firms which are deemed to be competitors or competitors affiliates by the Company, then the Company reserves the right upon providing a 30 days' notice to terminate and discontinue providing the data and Services contracted for in this agreement or any other separate agreement without incurring any liability in discontinuing these Services and data.

Indemnification

User agrees to release, indemnify, and hold the Company harmless against any claim, action, legal proceeding, damages, liability, settlements, expenses (including attorneys' fees) and other costs relating to:

breach of any of these Terms and Conditions by any party.
User's negligence or misconduct, or
claims that User has infringed the copyright, trademark, trade secret, patent, or other proprietary rights of AHN or a third party.
In the event of any claim, action or legal proceeding, the User shall promptly notify the Company of any such action.  User understands that information listed on the Website is shared with local housing authorities nationwide and that there is no affiliation between the Company and any Public Housing Authority (“PHA”) or other public or governmental organization and that PHAs have the permission of the Company to reproduce information given to AHN for their benefit. User agrees to hold the Company and all other PHAs harmless, to the same extent as set forth above, for any harm or damage User may sustain resulting from such information, or information relating to their listings, being viewed, used, or commented on by any other Users including PHAs.

Confidentiality

User acknowledges the Company’s valuable rights in and to the compilations of the data and the underlying data and services that those compilations contain, including copyrights and other proprietary rights therein, the related data sources, database structure, processing software, production systems, documentation, and quality control methods as well as any other confidential and proprietary information provided by the Company ("Confidential Information").

User agrees to hold in confidence the Confidential Information, in whole or in part, as disclosed to the User, the User's employees, officers, directors or agents who require such disclosure in the performance of their responsibilities provided that such parties shall acknowledge the confidentiality restrictions contained herein.  User further agrees that it will not disclose or otherwise make available the Confidential Information to third parties.  Notwithstanding the provisions of this section, the parties may disclose Confidential Information to their respective affiliates, accountants, attorneys, and other similar professional advisors as long as the party to which Confidential Information is disclosed is subject to obligations of confidentiality with the same effect as those specified in this section.

Proprietary Rights; Data Delivery to Non-Party or Third Parties

In addition to the Materials, the Website, including the Company’s content, services, and technology, contains statistical compilations of information, data, and text (collectively, "Documentation") that are protected by copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets or other proprietary rights. Title to the Website and Documentation, including ownership rights to patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets therein, are and shall remain the exclusive property of the Company.

Nothing contained herein is intended to convey any such intellectual property rights to authorized Users of the Site. As set forth in these Terms of Use, authorized Users of the Website have a limited license to use the Materials and Documentation for their internal purposes only, and such authorized Users of the Website agree not to distribute or otherwise disseminate the Materials or the Documentation to any third-party person or organization, by any means, printed, electronic or otherwise, without having obtained the prior written approval of the Company.

Should any person or organization not authorized to access the Website seek to obtain any portion of the Materials or the Documentation, the Company will only disclose the requested Materials or Documentation upon issuance of a binding, non-appealable court order requiring AHN to make such disclosure. In furtherance of such court order, the Company will require that before the recipient is provided with the specific items contained in the court order, the recipient shall execute AHN's confidentiality agreement and, in addition, acknowledge compliance with all provisions of these Terms of Use.

Devices

You agree that You will not use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy the web pages on the Website or the content contained herein without our prior expressed written permission. You agree that You will not use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Website or any listing, offer or transaction being conducted on our Website. You agree that You will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure, servers or customer service support.

Mobile Applications.

To use any mobile application feature of the Services (each, an "App"), You must have a compatible mobile device. The Company does not warrant that any App will be compatible with Your mobile device. You may use mobile data in connection with an App and may incur additional charges from Your wireless provider for using an App. You agree that You are solely responsible for any applicable charges. The Company may update any App and may automatically electronically update the version of any App that You have installed on a mobile device. You consent to all automatic upgrades, and understand that these Terms of Use will apply to all updated versions of an App. Any third-party open-source software included in an App is subject to the applicable open-source license and may be available directly from the creator under an open-source license. These Terms of Use do not apply to Your use of software obtained from a third-party source under an open-source license.

No Unlawful or Prohibited Use

As a condition of Your use of this Website, You warrant to the Company that You will comply with all applicable laws, statutes, ordinances, and regulations regarding Your use of the Service and any related activities. In addition, You warrant that You will not use this Website in any way prohibited by these Terms and Conditions or any other applicable law.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, You shall not:

Access any portion of a Passcode Protected Product or Service unless You are an Authorized User for such Passcode Protected Product or Service using the Passcodes assigned to You by the Company to access the components and services of the Passcode Protected Product or Service that Your License Agreement authorizes You to access, subject to the terms contained therein and in these Terms of Use.
Access or use any portion of the Product or Service if You are a direct or indirect competitor of the Company, nor shall You provide, disclose or transmit any portion of the Products or Services to any direct or indirect competitor of the Company. By way of example, a "direct or indirect competitor" of the Company includes, but is not limited to, Internet listing services or other real estate information services and employees, independent contractors and agents of such Services.
Provide Your Passcode or otherwise provide access to a Passcode Protected Product or Service to any individual other than Yourself, including by providing the results of queries of or reports generated from a Passcode Protected Product or Service to a person who is not a customer, or partner of the Company.
Use or distribute any Information from the Product or Service, including Information that has been verified or confirmed by You or anyone else, to directly or indirectly create or contribute to the development of any database or product.
Modify, merge, decompile, disassemble, scrape, translate, decode or reverse engineer any portion of the Product or Service, or use any data mining, gathering or extraction tool, or any robot, spider or other automatic device or manual process, to monitor or copy any portion of the Product, Service or the data generated from it.
Use, reproduce, publish or compile any portion of the Product or Service for the purpose of selling or licensing any portion of the Product or Service or making any portion of the Product or Service publicly available.
Store, copy or export any portion of the Product or Service into any database or other software, except as expressly set forth in the Permitted Uses above.
Upload, post or otherwise publish any portion of the Product or Service on, or provide access to any portion of the Product or Service through, the Internet, any bulletin board system, any other electronic network, any data library, any listing service or any other data sharing arrangement.
Content
General Use, Copyright, Licenses

All materials provided on www.AffordableHousing.com and www.GoSection8.com (sometimes referred to as the "Website"), including, but not limited to, all text, logos, designs, graphics, images, photographs, sounds, information, software, documents, products and services (collectively, the "Materials"), and the selection, arrangement and display thereof, are the copyrighted works of Company and/or its vendors or suppliers.

All Materials herein and all Company software are proprietary to AHN and protected by worldwide copyright and other intellectual property laws. Except as stated herein, none of the Materials may be modified, copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, sold, compiled, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or other means, without the prior express written permission of Company.

You may print and download portions of the Materials from the different areas of the Service solely for Your own non-commercial use provided that:

You are a potential or actual renter.
You make limited copies of any portions of the Materials downloaded from the different areas of the Service solely for Your non-commercial use.
If You are a property owner, manager, or landlord and that the Materials are used only for purposes of using the Service expressly offered by AHN.
Any other copying, redistribution, retransmission or publication of any downloaded material, is strictly prohibited without the express written consent of AHN or any third-party information provider to the Website. You agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from the Materials downloaded from the Service.
As used herein, the term "Posting Agent" refers to a third-party agent, service, broker, property manager, marketing representative or intermediary that offers to post Content to Company on behalf of others. Company prohibits the use of Posting Agents, directly or indirectly, without the express written permission of Company and the other party, owner or property manager.

You acknowledge that You are solely responsible for Your own Content posted with Company and accept the consequences of posting, transmitting, linking or publishing it. You affirm, acknowledge, represent, and warrant that:

You own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and written permissions to post such Content and authorize AHN to enable inclusion and use of the Content.
You have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person or business related to the Content and written authority to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable individual person or business to enable inclusion and use of the Content with Company.
Indemnification

User agrees to indemnify and hold Company harmless against any claim, action, legal proceeding, damages, liability, settlements, expenses (including attorneys' fees) and other costs relating to:

breach of any of the Terms and Conditions by any party.
User's negligence or misconduct in using the Service, the Website or the Materials, or
claims that the User has infringed the copyright, trademark, trade secret, patent, or other proprietary right of AHN or a third party.
Some AffordableHousing.com and GoSection8.com procedures may involve the distribution of Your listing or other information to third-party Web sites not associated with Affordable Housing Network LLC. Affordable Housing Network LLC is not responsible for and makes no warranties or representations pertaining to third-party Web sites. You are responsible for ensuring that Your listing or other information complies with the terms of use associated with any third-party Web site. You acknowledge that Your use of any third-party Web site will be treated in accordance with that third party Web site's own privacy policy.

Your Right to Post Content

Our Service allows You to post Content on specific real estate listing and inventory pages, as well as Housing Authority Portals. You are responsible for the Content that You post to the Service, including its legality, reliability, and appropriateness.

By posting Content to the Service, You grant Company the right and license to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute such Content on and through the Service. You retain any and all of Your rights to any Content You submit, post or display on or through the Service and You are responsible for protecting those rights.

You agree that this license includes the right for Us to make Your Content available to other Users of the Service, who may also use Your Content subject to these Terms.

You represent and warrant that:

the Content is Yours (You own it) or You have the right to use it and grant Us the rights and license as provided in these Terms, and
the posting of Your Content on or through the Service does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person or entity.
Content Restrictions

The Company is not responsible for the content of the Service's Users. You expressly understand and agree that You are solely responsible for the Content and for all activity that occurs under Your account, whether done so by You or any third person using Your account.

You may not transmit any Content that is unlawful, offensive, upsetting, intended to disgust, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene or otherwise objectionable. Examples of such objectionable Content include, but are not limited to, the following:

Unlawful or promoting unlawful activity.
Content that is libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, harassing, or threatening,
Defamatory, discriminatory, or mean-spirited content, including references or commentary about religion, race, sexual orientation, gender, national/ethnic origin, or other targeted groups.
Spam, machine – or randomly – generated, constituting unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, chain letters, any other form of unauthorized solicitation, or any form of lottery or gambling.
Containing or installing any viruses, worms, malware, trojan horses, or other content that is designed or intended to disrupt, damage, or limit the functioning of any software, hardware or telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any data or other information of a third person.
Infringing on any proprietary rights of any party, including patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity or other rights.
Impersonating any person or entity including the Company and its employees or representatives.
Violating the privacy of any third person, or violates the rights of others, including protections of copyright, trademark, patent, trade secrets or any right of privacy or publicity, or otherwise violates any applicable law.
False information and features

The Company reserves the right, but not the obligation, to, in its sole discretion, determine whether or not any Content is appropriate and complies with these Terms, refuse or remove this Content. The Company further reserves the right to make formatting and edits and change the manner of any Content. The Company can also limit or revoke the use of the Service if You post such objectionable Content.

As the Company cannot control all content posted by Users and/or third parties on the Service, You agree to use the Service at Your own risk. You understand that by using the Service You may be exposed to content that You may find offensive, indecent, incorrect or objectionable, and You agree that under no circumstances will the Company be liable in any way for any content, including any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of Your use of any content.

Content Backups

Although regular backups of Content are performed, the Company does not guarantee there will be no loss or corruption of data.

Corrupt or invalid backup points may be caused by, without limitation, Content that is corrupted prior to being backed up or that changes during the time a backup is performed.

The Company will provide support and attempt to troubleshoot any known or discovered issues that may affect the backups of Content. You acknowledge that the Company has no liability related to the integrity of Content or the failure to successfully restore Content to a usable state.

You agree to maintain a complete and accurate copy of any Content in a location independent of the Service.

Consent to Communications
By using the Services, You consent to receiving certain electronic communications from the Company as further described in the Privacy Policy. Please read the Privacy Policy to learn more. You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures, or other communications that the Company sends to You electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that those communications be in writing.

The Services may provide web forms, links, or contact information, including phone numbers, that can connect You with the Company or third parties, such as real estate agents and Third-Party Providers. Communications through these methods may be routed through a third-party service ("Communications Service"). Calls may be recorded, transcribed and/or monitored for quality assurance and customer service purposes. You will be notified at the beginning of a call if it may be recorded, transcribed or monitored. You consent to such recording, transcription and monitoring by the Company or the Communications Service. The Company also uses the Communications Service to track phone calls and text messages between You and owners, landlords, property managers, housing agencies, and other authorized parties so that the Company and owners, landlords, property managers, housing agencies, and other authorized parties can access certain details about the contact.  As part of this process, the Company and the Communications Service will receive in real time, and store, data about Your call or text message, including the date and time of the call or text message, Your phone number, and the content of the text message. You consent to these practices by the Company and the Communications Service. The information is subject to the Privacy Policy.

Notice to California Residents

If You are a California resident, under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, You may contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs in writing at 1625 N. Market Blvd., Suite S-202, Sacramento, California 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210 in order to resolve a complaint regarding the Service or to receive further information regarding use of the Service. Further information is provided in our  Privacy Policy.

User-to-User Communication and Sharing
Communication between and Among Users

The Company offers landlords the ability to share information, observations, and comments with other landlords by allowing Users to post updates and other information. Please note that ideas You post and information You share may be seen and used by other Users, and Company cannot guarantee that other Users will not use the ideas and information that You share on the Website. Therefore, if You have an idea or information that You would like to keep confidential and/or do not want others to use, or that is subject to third party rights that may be infringed by Your sharing it, DO NOT POST IT ON THE WEBSITE.

AHN IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR A USER’S MISUSE OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION YOU POST ON THE WEBSITE. User agrees to hold AHN harmless, to the same extent as set forth above, for any harm or damage User may sustain resulting from such information, or information relating to their listings, being viewed, used, or commented on by any other Users.

SMS and Texting Services

Message and Data Rates May Apply.
Message frequency is recurring and varies based on User subscription and account setup.
You can opt-out anytime by selecting “No” under SMS Preferences in the My Account page.
Consent not a condition of purchase.
Messages will be sent to the phone number provided.
Copyright Laws and Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property Infringement

We respect the intellectual property rights of others. It is Our policy to respond to any claim that Content posted on the Service infringes a copyright or other intellectual property infringement of any person.

If You are a copyright owner, or authorized on behalf of one, and You believe that the copyrighted work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement that is taking place through the Service, You must submit Your notice in writing to the attention of our copyright agent via email at legal@affordablehousing.com and include in Your notice a detailed description of the alleged infringement.

You may be held accountable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) for misrepresenting that any Content is infringing Your copyright.

DMCA Notice and DMCA Procedure for Copyright Infringement Claims

You may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) by providing our Copyright Agent with the following information in writing (see 17 U.S.C 512(c)(3) for further detail):

An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright's interest.
A description of the copyrighted work that You claim has been infringed, including the URL (i.e., web page address) of the location where the copyrighted work exists or a copy of the copyrighted work.
Identification of the URL or other specific location on the Service where the material that You claim is infringing is located.
Your address, telephone number, and email address.
A statement by You that You have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement by You, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in Your notice is accurate and that You are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
You can contact our copyright agent via email at Legal@affordablehousing.com.

Upon receipt of a notification, the Company will take whatever action, in its sole discretion, it deems appropriate, including removal of the challenged content from the Service.

Intellectual Property

The Products, Services and its original content (excluding Content provided by You or other Users), features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of the Company and its licensors.

As such, all Products and Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the Country and foreign countries, where indicated.

Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any Product or Service without the prior written consent of the Company.

General Use, Copyright, Licenses

All materials provided on the www.AffordableHousing.com and  www.GoSection8.com (the "Website"), including, but not limited to, all text, logos, designs, graphics, images, photographs, sounds, information, software, documents, products and services (the "Materials") and the selection, arrangement and display thereof, are the copyrighted works of the Company and/or its vendors or suppliers.

All Materials and all the Company software are proprietary to the Company and are protected by worldwide copyright and other intellectual property laws. Except as stated herein, none of the Materials may be modified, copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, sold, compiled, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or other means, without the prior express written permission of the Company. You may print and download portions of the Materials from the different areas of the Service solely for Your own non-commercial use provided that:

You have contracted or entered into a separate agreement with the Company
The Material is used only for purposes of using the Service expressly offered by AHN in a separate written signed agreement
Public Housing Authorities ("PHA") will be granted limited use and rights to print or copy any portions of the Website for distribution to potential or actual renters, provided that such renters are required to accept terms of use similar to these.
Any other copying, redistribution, retransmission, or publication of any downloaded material, is strictly prohibited without the express written consent of the Company or any third-party information provider to the Website. You agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from the Materials downloaded from the Service.

Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by the Company or operated by parties other than AHN. Such hyperlinks are provided for reference purposes only. The Company does not control such web sites and is not responsible for their content. The Company’s inclusion of hyperlinks to such web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such web sites or any association by the Company with their owners or operators.

If You decide to access any of the third-party sites linked to this Website, You do so entirely at Your own risk.

The Company has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that the Company shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.

User will not post on this Website any links to any external Internet sites that are obscene or pornographic.

Any information that You provide to the Website must be true, complete and accurate, must not represent You as someone else or falsely identify any third party, and must not violate any law, statute, ordinance or regulation.

By subscribing to the Service, User agrees not to disclose any assigned access code to others. User also agrees not to distribute or otherwise disseminate the information contained on the Website to any person or organization, by any means, printed, electronic or other.

We strongly advise You to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that You visit.

Relationship of Parties

Nothing stated in this License will be construed as creating the relationships of joint ventures, partners, employer and employee, franchiser and franchisee, or principal and agent between the Company and the Users of these Services.

Prohibited Linking

You hereby agree that You will not link and do not have permission to link from any site without the written permission of the Company.  Sites specifically prohibited are sites that publish, promotes or distributes unlawful, defamatory, pornographic or obscene materials, or which promotes violence, or promotes discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age, or promotes illegal activities, or in any manner includes any of our trademarks or service marks or variations or misspellings thereof in its domain name (if any), or otherwise violates the intellectual property rights of Company or any third party. At no time may a free User include links within their listings. Parties working with Company may include links with the prior consent of AHN.

Termination

Notwithstanding anything herein or anything provided in a separate written agreement between AHN and the Users to the contrary, Company may discontinue providing data and Services in whole or in part without being in breach of any agreement for any geographic county or jurisdiction in the event such discontinued data becomes unavailable to Company or if the source which provided the data to AHN for any reason or for no reason at all, prohibits or prevents Company from obtaining or providing such data. We may terminate or suspend Your Account immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if You breach these Terms and Conditions. Upon termination, Your right to use the Service will cease immediately. If You wish to terminate Your Account, You may simply discontinue using the Service.

Limitation of Liability

Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to negligence, shall the Company or any of its directors, employees, agents, consultants, contractors, vendors or suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or incidental damages including, without limitation, lost profits or revenues, costs of replacement goods, loss or damage to data arising out of the use or inability to use this Website or any of the Company’s Products or Services, or damages from the use of or reliance on the information present on this Website, even if the Company has been advised of the possibility of such damages.  In the event AHN is found liable for damages relating to the use of the services offered, AHN's total liability is limited to and shall not exceed the price contracted for and paid by the Users for these services and data.

Notwithstanding any damages that You might incur, the entire liability of the Company and any of its suppliers under any provision of this Terms and Your exclusive remedy for all of the foregoing shall be limited to the amount actually paid by You through the Service or one hundred ($100.00) USD if You have not purchased anything through the Service.

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall the Company or its suppliers be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, loss of data or other information, for business interruption, for personal injury, loss of privacy arising out of or in any way related to the use of or inability to use the Service, third-party software and/or third-party hardware used with the Service, or otherwise in connection with any provision of this Terms), even if the Company or any supplier has been advised of the possibility of such damages and even if the remedy fails of its essential purpose.

Some states do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, which means that some of the above limitations may not apply. In these states, each party's liability will be limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.

Disclaimer of Warranties

Although the Company has attempted to provide accurate information on the Website, We assume no responsibility for the accuracy of the information. All information and the Service is provided to You “AS IS”; and “AS AVAILABLE" and with all faults and defects without warranty of any kind. To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, the Company, on its own behalf and on behalf of its Affiliates and its and their respective licensors and service providers, expressly disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to the Service, including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, and warranties that may arise out of course of dealing, course of performance, usage or trade practice. Without limitation to the foregoing, the Company provides no warranty or undertaking, and makes no representation of any kind that the Service will meet Your requirements, achieve any intended results, be compatible or work with any other software, applications, systems or services, operate without interruption, meet any performance or reliability standards or be error free or that any errors or defects can or will be corrected.

The Company hereby disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement or arising from a course of dealing, usage or trade practice, except to the extent such disclaimers are held to be invalid by a court of law. The ultimate verification, accuracy and the utilization of the data provided by Company is the responsibility of the User and not AHN. No oral or written information or advice given by Company or any of its employees or representatives shall create a warranty.

Without limiting the foregoing, neither the Company nor any of the Company's providers makes any representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied:

as to the operation or availability of the Service, or the information, content, and materials or products included thereon.
that the Service will be uninterrupted or error-free.
as to the accuracy, reliability, or currency of any information or content provided through the Service. or
that the Service, its servers, the content, or e-mails sent from or on behalf of the Company are free of viruses, scripts, trojan horses, worms, malware, timebombs or other harmful components.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain types of warranties or limitations on applicable statutory rights of a consumer, so some or all of the above exclusions and limitations may not apply to You. But in such a case the exclusions and limitations set forth in this section shall be applied to the greatest extent enforceable under applicable law.

Modification of the Web Site

The Company (and/or its suppliers) reserves the right in its sole discretion to improve, modify or remove any information or content appearing on the Website. The Company may discontinue, remove or revise any or all aspects of the Website in its sole discretion and without prior notice.

Disclaimer of Fiduciary Relationship

The Content contained on or made available through the Website is not intended to and does not constitute establishing a fiduciary relationship between the Company and the User, nor is anything submitted to this Website considered confidential. The accuracy, completeness, adequacy, or currency of the content is not warranted or guaranteed. The User acknowledges and agrees the utilization and use of the information of this Website is at the Users own risk.

No Legal Advice

The Content contained on or made available through the Website is not intended to and does not constitute legal advice under any circumstances. The accuracy, completeness, adequacy, or currency of the Content is not warranted or guaranteed by the Company. Your use of the information of this Website is at Your own risk.

License of Content

By uploading content to or submitting materials for use on the Website, You grant (or warrant that the owner of such rights has expressly granted) to the Company a perpetual royalty free, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and distribute such materials or incorporate such materials into any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed throughout the universe.

Advertisers/Sponsors

This Website displays advertisements from third party sources. Advertisers and sponsors are responsible for ensuring that any of their material submitted for inclusion within the Website is accurate and complies with applicable law. The Company will not be held responsible for the illegality of or any error or inaccuracy in such advertisers or sponsors' material. If You decide to visit any linked site, You do so at Your own risk. AHN makes no representations whatsoever about any linked site which You may access. The Company has no control over the content on any linked site. In addition, a link to a third-party site does not mean that the Company endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, or the use, of such web site. Furthermore, the Company cannot guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading from a non-Company website will be free of infection or viruses, worms Trojan horses or other code that manifest contaminating or destructive properties. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures to prevent such occurrences.

Non-Transferability

Your right to use this Website is not transferable. Any password or right given to You to obtain information is not transferable and is intended for a single User. Users are not permitted to remove content from the Website for any reason whatsoever without the Company’s (AHN’s) prior written approval.

Registration

Certain sections of the Website require that You register and obtain passwords. If registration is required, You agree to provide the Company with accurate and complete information. It is Your responsibility to notify the Company of any changes in such information. Each registration is for a single User only, unless specifically designated otherwise. The Company does not permit the following:

any other person using the registered sections under Your name; or
access through a single name being made available to multiple Users on a network. You are responsible for preventing such unauthorized use.
If there has been an unauthorized use, You must notify the Company immediately. The Company expressly reserves the right to suspend or terminate the account of any active User whose use of the Service or the Materials on the Website is, in AHN's sole judgment, likely to cause loss or damage.

Errors and Corrections

The Company does not represent or warrant that the Website will be error free, free of viruses or other harmful components or that defects can and will be corrected. The Company does not warrant or represent that the web site is accurate, and that the data provided is timely, or otherwise reliable. The Company may make improvements, changes to its features, functionality, or content at any time. The Company does not warrant that the functions contained in the Materials or content will be uninterrupted or error-free.

Modification of These Terms of Use

The Company reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices under which this Website is offered at any time. Modification of these Terms and Conditions will be deemed effective upon publication on the Website with respect to any landlord or tenant actions, communications or transactions occurring after said date. It is Your responsibility to check these Terms and Conditions at the time of each use.

Governing Law and Venue

The laws of the United States, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern this Terms and Your use of the Service. Your use of the Application may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.

The agreement between the User and the Company is governed by the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to its conflicts of laws principles. User hereby consents to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts in Palm Beach County, Florida, in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of this Website and the Services provided by the Company. Use of this Website is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these Terms and Conditions, including, without limitation, this paragraph.

Disputes Resolution

If You have any concern or dispute about the Service, You agree to first try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting the Company.

For European Union (EU) Users

If You are a European Union consumer, You will benefit from any mandatory provisions of the law of the country in which You are resident in.

United States Federal Government End Use Provisions

If You are a U.S. federal government end User, our Service is a “Commercial Item” as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101.

United States Legal Compliance

You represent and warrant that:

You are not located in a country that is subject to the United States government embargo, or that has been designated by the United States government as a “terrorist supporting” country, and
You are not listed on any United States government list of prohibited or restricted parties.


Severability and waiver

Severability

If any part of these Terms and Conditions are determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect.

Waiver

Except as provided herein, the failure to exercise a right or to require performance of an obligation under this Terms shall not affect a party's ability to exercise such right or require such performance at any time thereafter nor shall be the waiver of a breach constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach.

User Data

If You create any settings, surveys, fields or functions in the Product or Service or input, add or export any data into or from the Product or Service (collectively, the "User Data"), none of the Company Parties shall have any liability or responsibility for any of such User Data, including the loss, destruction or use by third parties of such User Data. It is Your responsibility to make back-up copies of such User Data.

Consent to Use and Monetize Data

User agrees the Company and its affiliates may collect and use technical information User provides as a part of support services related to the Products and Services. Furthermore, the Company may monetize data, including but not limited to, in the following ways:

Direct Data Monetization: The Company may sell raw data, providing access to User data, as well as any insights from User data to businesses, government agencies, universities and accredited educational research facilities and nonprofits, to create a separate and/or supplemental revenue stream.

An API or several APIs: The Company may develop an application or applications that enable its customers to access data themselves through an internal API, or develop external APIs that enable third party software to interact with User data (where the User controls what data is exposed), such as Google Maps, Twilio, and social media sharing available outside of social media platforms.

Licensing Data: The Company may license User data for use by colleges, universities, research and/or other educational institutions, as well other businesses. This could be pre-segmented or raw data.

Data Analysis: The Company may sell their own data analyses to government agencies, public housing authorities, non-profits within our industry or other business for their own use.

Trading Data: The Company may trade or barter User data to obtain benefits for our clients, customers, or business, in exchange for performance benchmarking or to be able to offer other products and services for its customers in return for select data insights.

Indirect Data Monetization: The Company may use User data to understand its customers and suppliers better, and use newly gained insights about its clients, customers, and partners to (including but not limited to):

Develop new services, products, or markets
Enhance its service or product
Discover new business categories or customer types
Discover the secondary problems customers and solve them by enhancing its services or products
Locate gaps in the market to create new products
Adjust the price or offering "similar products" recommendations on its website and User behavior data
Improve efficiencies and productivity
Identify customer problems that have not been addressed to launch a new service or product
Monitor how productive and efficient processes, operations, and employees are, then optimize its resource allocations
Improve customer service
Reduce costs by analyzing User data to see where You can save money by streamlining operations such as upgrading cost-heavy business tools or creating other software efficiencies including artificial intelligence.
Translation Interpretation

These Terms and Conditions may have been translated if We have made them available to You on our Service.

You agree that the original English text shall prevail in the case of a dispute.

Changes to These Terms and Conditions

We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms and Conditions at any time. If a revision is material, the Company will make reasonable efforts to provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at Our sole discretion.

By continuing to access or use Our Services or Products after those revisions become effective, You agree to be bound by the revised terms. If You do not agree to the new terms, in whole or in part, please stop using the website, Product and the Service.

Service Solution Availability

The Company strives to keep the service solution available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The Company will conspicuously post a notice for any scheduled maintenance which may require the unavailability of the service solution 24 hours prior to the scheduled outage and maintenance.  By agreeing to these Terms and Conditions, User agrees that any outages, scheduled or unscheduled, due to maintenance, emergency maintenance, customer or end Users caused outages or support delays, or any condition will not be remunerated in any way.

Notices

Any notice, consent, demand or request required or permitted by this agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given when personally delivered or deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed as to the parties at the addresses provided in the agreement signed by the parties.  Notices addressed as above provided shall be deemed delivered five (5) business days after mailed by mail U.S. mail or when delivered in person with written acknowledgement of the receipt thereof.  Parties may designate a different address or addresses for notices to be sent by giving written notice of such change of address to all other parties entitled to receive notice.

General Provisions

Should any term or provision hereof be deemed invalid, void or unenforceable either its entirety or in particular application, the remainder of these Terms and Conditions shall nonetheless remain in full force and effect. In the event of a conflict between the provisions of these Terms and Conditions and any other separate agreement enter into by the parties it is agreed by the Users contracting with the Company that the provisions of these Terms and Conditions shall prevail unless there is a specific waiver (label as "waiver of conflicting Terms and Conditions") of the conflicting provisions in that separate agreement specifically addressing the conflict and providing for its waiver. Any of the provisions herein may be amended, modified, revised or deleted and the observance of any term may be waived only with the written consent of the Company. The failure of the Company at any time or times to require performance of any provision hereof shall in no manner affect its right at a later time to enforce the same unless the same is waived in writing.

If You have any questions about these Terms and Conditions, You can contact us at

Main: (561) 416-5255

Toll Free: (866) 466-7328

Fax: (561) 416-9848

Or By email: support@affordablehousing.com