Terms of Use | The Standard
Skip to main content
Effective September 3, 2010
By using standard.com in any manner, you agree to all terms and conditions contained or referenced in these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use apply only to your use of standard.com and do not change or alter any other agreement or contract between you and The Standard.
The Standard reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify or change these Terms of Use at any time without prior notice to you. Your continued use of standard.com following the posting of any changes to the Terms of Use constitutes acceptance of those changes.
If at any time you choose not to accept these Terms of Use, please do not use this Web site or send e-mail to any standard.com e-mail address.
Jurisdictional Statement
This Web site is controlled, operated and intended for use only in the United States of America. We do not represent that materials on this Web site are appropriate or made available for use outside of the United States of America.
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Statement describes our use and protection of nonpublic personal information ("customer information") and will help you understand how we treat the customer information that we obtain from you or other sources in the course of providing you with products and services. We urge you to read our Privacy Statement.
Ownership of Materials and Restrictions on Use
The information on this Web site, along with any materials (including, for example, press releases and product descriptions) is the copyrighted work of The Standard and is protected under United States and worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions. The Standard grants you permission to copy such materials so long as each copy: (i) is solely for informational, non-commercial use and is not modified or revised in any manner; (ii) plainly displays all copyright and other proprietary notices, in the same form and manner as on the original; and (iii) displays a statement that the materials are used solely with permission of The Standard. To seek permission for any other use, please contact The Standard.
Bulk E-mail and Other Prohibited E-mail
The Standard computer network (which includes, but is not limited to, the technology and applications which support the e-mail functionality The Standard provides its officers, employees, independent contractor agents, and other authorized users) is the private property of The Standard.
The Standard prohibits any bulk e-mail transmissions to be sent, or caused to be sent, over the Internet to standard.com e-mail addresses unless The Standard, through one of its officers, has specifically requested or authorized the sending of such bulk e-mail. For purposes of these Terms of Use, the word "bulk" shall mean an e-mail message, or group of identical or similar e-mail messages, sent to more than 20 different standard.com addresses in any 24-hour period.
The Standard also prohibits any e-mail transmissions of the following types to be sent, or caused to be sent, over the Internet to more than 5 different standard.com e-mail addresses in any 24-hour period unless The Standard, through one of its officers, has authorized the sending of such e-mail: (1) commercial advertising; (2) informational announcements; (3) political or religious tracts; or (4) solicitations for funds or donations.
The Standard prohibits any e-mail transmission to be sent, or caused to be sent, over the Internet to any standard.com e-mail addresses if the e-mail is intended to, or appears intended to, harass, embarrass, threaten, defame or impersonate any person, or if the e-mail is pornographic, offensive, indecent, discriminatory or offensive on the basis of sex, color, national origin, race, age, religion, sexual orientation or disability.
The Standard prohibits any e-mail transmission to be sent, or caused to be sent, over the Internet to any standard.com e-mail address that makes use of a forged header or deceptive addressing, or which attempts in any manner to disguise the source of the e-mail.
The Standard prohibits the harvesting or collection of the e-mail addresses of The Standard agents and/or personal financial representatives from the standard.com/AHL web site for the purpose of sending bulk e-mail to standard.com e-mail addresses.
The Standard reserves the right to take all legal and technical steps available, including pursuing civil remedies and criminal prosecution, to prevent bulk or other prohibited e-mail from entering, utilizing or remaining within The Standard's computer network.
Nothing in this policy is intended to grant any right to transmit or send e-mail to, or through, The Standard's computer network. The Standard's failure to enforce this policy in every instance in which it might have application does not amount to a waiver of The Standard's rights
Links to Other Websites
This website contains links to other sites. The Standard provides links to other sites as a convenience to persons who visit The Standard's website. If you choose to use the services provided by those sites, you may be asked by those sites to provide certain personally identifiable information (some of which may, on an individual or aggregated basis, be shared with The Standard). Please be aware that The Standard is not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites, even though The Standard's name or logo may appear on those sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that you visit, as the privacy policies of those sites may differ from ours. Our Privacy Statement applies solely to this website.
The Standard is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site.
Links to standard.com/ahl
The Standard appreciates your interest in linking your website (the "Linking Site") to The Standard Benefits' website, located at
standard.com/ahl
. In order to avoid misunderstandings regarding the use of The Standard's trademarks, trade names and other proprietary information, The Standard asks that you review and agree to the following guidelines: Third parties are authorized to include active links on Web sites they control to direct a browser to The Standard's "home page" at
standard.com/ahl
. However, third parties may not include on their websites links to any other page maintained on the
standard.com/ahl
website unless they have received prior written permission of an officer of The Standard or unless the Linking Site is an Internet search engine. Framing. Unless you have received specific written permission from The Standard, you may not (a) "frame" or otherwise impose editorial comment, commercial material or any type of identification on (or in proximity to) content displayed on The Standard's website ("The Standard Content"), (b) alter or modify The Standard Content, or (c) "cut and paste" or otherwise reproduce The Standard Content on the Linking Site.
No Archiving
Your link must be to the current The Standard site only. In permitting linking, The Standard does not grant you the right to reproduce, modify, cache or archive The Standard Content for any purpose.
Link at Your Own Risk
The Standard makes no representations or warranties regarding The Standard's website, which is provided "as is." Linking Sites link to The Standard's website at their own risk. The Standard is under no obligation to maintain The Standard's website, provide or update The Standard Content or otherwise support your link to The Standard's website.
Termination
The Standard may revoke this license immediately if you fail to follow these guidelines. The Standard may revoke this license upon ten (10) days notice without cause.
Privacy & Legal
Terms of Use
|
Privacy Statement
|
Important Information
|
Website Accessibility
The Standard is a marketing name for StanCorp Financial Group, Inc. and subsidiaries. Insurance products are offered by American Heritage Life Insurance Company, Jacksonville, Florida in all states except New York. Product features and availability vary by state and are solely the responsibility of American Heritage Life Insurance Company.
© 2026 StanCorp Financial Group, Inc.
Jump back to top