Terms And Conditions | Ticketmaster
Skip to main content
Terms of Use
Ticketmaster Terms of Use
Our Terms
Last Updated: March 28, 2022
The following are the terms of use (the “Terms”) that govern your use of the Account Manager website (the “Site”), which features advanced ticketing transaction technologies and services (collectively referred to as “Advanced Services”). Some of the Advanced Services are provided by TM Test, and some of the Advanced Services are provided by Ticketline (trading as Ticketmaster) ("Ticketmaster", “us”, “we” or “our”).  These Terms shall constitute a valid, binding and enforceable legal agreement between you, TM Test and us. In the event of conflict between these Terms and  TM Test's terms,  TM Test terms shall prevail. There shall be no oral or implied agreement between you and us, you and TM Test, or you, us and TM Test, that shall be binding or enforceable. By visiting or using the Site, you expressly agree to be bound by these Terms and TM Test's terms, as may be updated from time to time, and to follow these Terms and all applicable laws and regulations governing the Site.
We may make changes to these Terms at any time. Any changes we make will be effective immediately when we post a revised version of these Terms on the Site. The “Last Updated” date above will tell you when these Terms were last revised. By continuing to use this Site after that date, you agree to the changes.
Account Registration
You will be required to register for an account to use the Site. Your account username may not include the name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person, or be offensive, vulgar or obscene. Your account username and password are personal to you. You will be responsible for the confidentiality and use of your username and password, and for all activities (including purchases) that are conducted through your account. You may not transfer or sell access to your account. We will not be liable for any harm related to disclosure of your username or password or the use by anyone else of your username or password. You may not use another user’s account without that user’s permission. You will immediately notify us in writing if you discover any unauthorized use of your account or other account-related security breach. We may require you to change your username and/or password if we believe your account is no longer secure or if we receive a complaint that your username violates someone else’s rights. You will have no ownership in your account or your username. We may refuse registration, cancel an account or deny access to the Site for any reason.
Permitted Use
You agree that you are only authorised to visit, view and to retain a copy of pages of this Site for your own personal use, and that you shall not duplicate, download, publish, modify or otherwise distribute the material on this Site for any purpose other than to review event and promotional information for personal use, or to purchase tickets or merchandise for your personal use, unless otherwise specifically authorised by us to do so. You also agree not to deep-link to the site for any purpose, unless specifically authorised by us and/or TM Test to do so. The content and software on this Site are the property of us, our suppliers and/or TM Test and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. We and/or TM Test may post a legal notice and various credits on pages of the Site, which may not be removed. Please do not remove this notice or these credits, or any additional information contained along with the notices and credits.
Disclaimers
We do not promise that the Site will be error-free, uninterrupted, nor that it will provide specific results from use of the Site or any content, search or link on it. The Site and its content are delivered on an "as-is" and "as-available" basis. We cannot ensure that files you download from the Site will be free of viruses or contamination or destructive features. We disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including any implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. We will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this Site, including without limitation, direct, indirect, incidental, punitive and consequential damages.
We make no guarantee of any specific result from use of this Site or use of the Advanced Services or any service provided by the TM Test.
We disclaim any and all liability for the acts, omissions and conduct of any third party users, advertisers and/or sponsors on the Site, in connection with the Advanced Services, TM Test service or otherwise related to your use of the Site and/or the Advanced Services. We are not responsible for the products, services, actions or failure to act of any venue, performer, promoter or other third party in connection with or referenced on the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, you may report the misconduct of users and/or third party advertisers, service and/or product providers referenced on or included in the Site to us using the "Contacts Us" page. We and/or TM Test may investigate the claim and take appropriate action, in our sole discretion.
Trademarks
Ticketmaster logos as well as Ticketmaster designs found on this site are registered trade marks of Ticketmaster. Ticketmaster trade marks may be used publicly only with our written permission.
Ownership of Materials
All materials on the Site are copyrighted and are protected under treaty provisions and world-wide copyright laws. The materials owned by us or the TM Test may not be reproduced, copied, edited, published, transmitted or uploaded in any way without our written permission. Except as expressly stated in the limited licence provision of these Terms, we and the TM Test do not grant any express or implied right to you of our trade marks, copyrights or other proprietary information.
Copyright Policy
We and/or TM Test will terminate the privileges of any user who uses this Site to unlawfully transmit copyrighted material without a license, express consent, valid defence or fair use exemption to do so. In particular, users who submit content to this Site, whether articles, images, stories, software or other copyrightable material must ensure that the content they upload does not infringe the copyrights or other rights of third parties (such as privacy or public rights). After proper notification by the copyright holder or its agent to us and/or TM Test, and confirmation through court order or admission by the user that they have used this Site as an instrument of unlawful infringement, we and/or TM Test will terminate the infringing users' rights to use and/or access this Site and/or the Advanced Services. We and/or TM Test may, also in our sole discretion, decide to terminate a user's rights to use or access the Site prior to that time if we believe that the alleged infringement has occurred.
Links and Search Results
The Site may automatically produce search results that reference or link to third party sites throughout the World Wide Web. We have no control over these sites or the content within them. We cannot guarantee, represent or warrant that the content contained in the sites is accurate, legal and/or inoffensive. We do not endorse the content of any third party site, nor do we warrant that they will not contain viruses or otherwise impact your computer. By using the Site to search for or link to another site, you agree and understand that you may not make any claim against us and/or TM Test for any damages or losses, whatsoever, resulting from your use of the Site to obtain search results or to link to another site. If you have a problem with a link from the Site please notify us using the "Contact Us" page, we and/or TM Test may investigate your claim and take any actions we deem appropriate, in our sole discretion.
Prohibited Content
The following is a non-exhaustive list of the kind of content which is illegal or prohibited on the Site. It includes content that:
is patently offensive to the online community, such as content that promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual; could be harmful to minors;
harasses or advocates harassment of another person;
involves the transmission of "junk mail", "chain letters", or unsolicited mass mailing or "spamming";
promotes information that you know is false, misleading or promotes illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libellous;
promotes an illegal or unauthorised copy of another person's copyrighted work, such as providing pirated computer programs or links to them, providing information to circumvent manufacture-installed copy-protect devices, or providing pirated music or links to pirated music files;
contains restricted or password only access pages, or hidden pages or images (those not linked to or from another accessible page);
displays pornographic or sexually explicit material of any kind;
provides material that exploits people under the age of 18 in a sexual or violent manner, or solicits personal information from anyone under 18;
provides instructional information about illegal activities such as making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone's privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses;
solicits passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other users; and
engages in commercial activities and/or sales consent such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, and pyramid schemes.
Purchasing Tickets and Other Services
You may be able to access Advanced Services to:
purchase or renew season tickets;
register for season ticket waiting lists;
purchase rights of refusal for post season event tickets;
purchase parking;
purchase ticket packages or single event tickets;
pay ticket or waiting list deposits; and/or
engage in other activities.
If you elect to engage in any such transaction, then additional terms may apply. Please consult TM Test for additional terms and requirements.
Orders for tickets purchased via the Site are processed only after a billing address, and other billing information, has been verified. Occasionally, we or TM Test receive incorrect billing or credit card account information for a ticket order via the Site that can delay processing and delivery. In these cases, we will attempt to contact you, using the information provided at the time of purchase. If we are unable to reach you after our initial attempt, we may cancel your order and may sell your tickets to another customer without further notice. If you do not receive a confirmation number (in the form of a confirmation page or email) after submitting payment information, or if you experience an error message or service interruption after submitting payment information on the Site, it is your responsibility to confirm whether or not your order has been placed. Only you may be aware of any problems that may occur during the purchase process. We will not be responsible for losses (monetary or otherwise) if you assume that an order was not placed because you failed to receive confirmation.
Season Ticket Forwarding
The Advanced Services may permit you to forward your season tickets to another person.  You can send an email invitation with a link to transfer your tickets and if the recipient accepts your offer, the tickets will be placed into the recipient’s Ticketmaster account. Once the recipient accepts your offer, you will not be able to cancel the tickets.
Access and Interference
You agree that you will not use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our web pages or the content contained thereon or for any other unauthorised purpose without our prior express written permission. You agree that you will not use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site. You agree that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure. You agree that you will not copy, reproduce, alter, modify, create derivative works, or publicly display any content (except for your own personal, non-commercial use) from the Site without the prior express written permission of us.
Unauthorized Use of the Site
Illegal and/or unauthorised uses of the Site, including, but not limited to, unauthorised ticket sales, unauthorised framing of or linking to the Site, or unauthorised use of any robot, spider or other automated device on the site, will be investigated and appropriate legal action will be taken, including without limitation civil, criminal and injunctive redress.
Violation of the Terms
You understand and agree that in our or TM Test's sole discretion, and without prior notice, we or TM Test may terminate your access to the Site, cancel your ticket order or exercise any other remedy available and remove any unauthorised User Content, if we or TM Test believe that the User Content you provided has violated or is inconsistent with these Terms, violated the rights of us, TM Test, another User or the law. You agree that monetary damages may not provide a sufficient remedy to us or TM Test for violations of these Terms and you consent to injunctive or other equitable relief for such violations. We may release user information about you if required by law or subpoena, or if the information is necessary or appropriate to release to address an unlawful or harmful activity. We or TM Test are not required to provide any refund to you if you are terminated as a User because you have violated these Terms of Use.
Limitation of Liability
Except in jurisdictions where such provisions are restricted, in no event will we or TM Test be liable to you for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including lost profits, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold us, our subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, TM Test, and other partners and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, claim, demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the Site, including also your use of the Site to provide a link to another site or to upload content or other information to the Site.
Disputes
This site is provided, and in some cases managed, by Ticketmaster from its offices in Ireland. If there is any dispute about or involving the Site, by using the Site, you agree that the dispute will be governed and construed by Irish law. In the event of a dispute arising out of or relating to these terms and conditions, or your use of or access to this site, litigation must be brought in court in Ireland without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Test Terms of Use
Ticketmaster Privacy Policy
//
//
Terms of Use
//
Cookie Policy
© 1999-2026
Ticketmaster.
All rights reserved.