Conditions of Use & Sale
Last updated on 28 November, 2025.

To see the previous iteration of the Conditions of Use & Sale, please see the page Legal section - Previous documents' iterations. This version of the general conditions of use and sale applies to all orders placed starting from the day indicated on the date of the last update indicated above. For orders placed before that date, visit the previous versions of the general conditions of use and sale and consider the version in force at the time of the order.

Amazon Europe Core SARL, Amazon EU Sarl and/or their affiliates ("Amazon" or "We") provide website features and other products and services to you when you visit or shop at Amazon.it (the "website"), use Amazon devices, products, or services, use Amazon applications for mobile, or use software provided by Amazon in connection with any of the foregoing (collectively "Amazon Services"). Please see our Privacy Notice, our Cookie Notice and our Interest-Based Ads Notice to understand how we collect and process your personal information through Amazon Services. Amazon provides the Amazon Services pursuant to the following terms and conditions ("Conditions of Use & Sale"). Amazon.it is the trading name for Amazon.

I) CONDITIONS OF USE

II) CONDITIONS OF SALE

I) CONDITIONS OF USE

Please read these conditions of use ("Conditions of Use") carefully before using Amazon Services. By using Amazon Services, you signify your agreement to be bound by these Conditions of Use. We offer a wide range of Amazon Services, and sometimes additional terms and conditions may apply. When you use an Amazon Service (for example Your Profile, Gift Cards or Amazon applications for mobile), you will also be subject to the terms, guidelines and conditions applicable to that Amazon Service ("Service Terms"). If these Conditions of Use are inconsistent with the Service Terms, those Service Terms will prevail.

Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Right Infringements
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
When you use any Amazon Service or send us e-mails, text messages (SMS) and other communications from your computer or mobile device, you are communicating with us electronically. We will communicate with you in a variety of ways, such as by e-mail, text, messages (SMS), in-app push notices or by posting messages or communications on the website or through the other Amazon Services, such as our Message Centre. Without prejudice to the specific legal mandatory provisions, for purposes of this contract you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing, when required by law.

RECOMMENDATIONS AND PERSONALISATION
As part of the Amazon Services, we will recommend features, products, and services, including third-party ads that might be of interest to you, as well as identify your preferences, and personalise your experience. For further information, please see the help page Find products in the Amazon store.

COPYRIGHT AND DATABASE RIGHTS
All content included in or made available through any Amazon Service, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads and data and software compilations is the property of Amazon or its content suppliers and is protected by Luxembourg and international copyright and database right laws. The compilation of all content included in or made available through any Amazon Service is the exclusive property of Amazon and is protected by Luxembourg and international copyright and database right laws.

You may not extract and/or systematically re-utilise parts of any Amazon Service without Amazon's express written consent. In particular, you may not utilise any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools to extract (whether once or many times) for re-utilisation any substantial parts of any Amazon Service, without our express written consent. Additionally, you may not create and/or publish your own database that features substantial parts of any Amazon Service (e.g., our prices and product listings) without Amazon's express written consent.

TRADEMARKS
Visit the page Registered trademarks and patents to see a non-exhaustive list of Amazon trademarks. In addition, graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names included in or made available through any Amazon Service are trademarks or trade dress of Amazon. Amazon's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Amazon's or in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers. All other trademarks not owned by Amazon that appear in any Amazon Service are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Amazon.

LICENSE TO ACCESS AMAZON'S SERVICES
Subject to your compliance with these Conditions of Use, Service Terms and your payment of any applicable fees, Amazon or its content providers grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable licence to access and make personal and non-commercial use of the Amazon Services. This licence does not include any resale right or commercial use of any Amazon Service or its contents, the right to collect and use any product listings, descriptions, prices, to make any derivative use of any Amazon Service or its contents, to download or copy account information for the benefit of another merchant (with the exception of any use by researchers or competent authorities to ensure compliance with applicable laws), or to use any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. You may not use the Amazon Services to infringe, misappropriate, or violate intellectual property or other legal rights.

All rights not expressly granted to you in these Conditions of Use or any Service Terms are reserved and retained by Amazon or its licensors, suppliers, publishers, rights holders, or other services providers.

No Amazon Service or its contents, nor any part of any Amazon Service, may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without our express written consent. You may not frame or use framing techniques to unduly enclose any trademark, logo or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Amazon without our express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilising Amazon's names or trademarks without our express written consent. You will not, and will not allow any third party to, use AI-generated content from the Amazon Services to, directly or indirectly, develop or improve large language or multimodal models, machine learning models or related technology, such as AI models and AI systems. You may not misuse the Amazon Services. You may use the Amazon Services only as permitted by law. Breaching these Conditions of Use or any Service Terms will result in the termination of the authorization or license granted by Amazon.

YOUR ACCOUNT
You may need your own Amazon account to use certain Amazon Services, and you may be required to be logged into the account and have a valid payment method associated with it.

If there is a problem charging your selected payment method, we may charge any other valid payment method associated with your account. Visit the page Your Payments to manage your payment options.

If you use any Amazon Service, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer and devices, and to the extent permitted by applicable law you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. You should take all necessary steps to ensure that your password is kept confidential and secure and should inform us immediately if you have any reason to believe that your password has become known to anyone else, or if the password is being, or is likely to be used in an unauthorised manner. You are responsible for ensuring that the details you provide us with are correct and complete, and for informing us of any changes to the information you have provided. You can access your information in the Your account section of the website. Please see our Help Pages on how to protect your privacy to access your personal information.

You must not use any Amazon Service: (i) in any way that causes, or is likely to cause, any Amazon Service or its features to be interrupted, damaged or impaired in any way, or (ii) for fraudulent purposes, or in any way to conduct unlawful activities, or (iii) to cause annoyance, inconvenience or anxiety.

We reserve the right to deny access to any Amazon Services or terminate your account if your behaviour gives justified reason to do so. In particular, this will be the case if you are in breach of applicable laws, applicable contractual provisions, our guidelines or our policies, which are all accessible on the website. Notwithstanding any such limitation or termination, you will continue to have access to content and services purchased by you up to that point.

We reserve the right to close your Amazon accounts or to restrict access to and use of Amazon Services in the event of a violation of current legislation, these General Terms of Use, the Terms of Service or our policies, all accessible on our site. For example, we may close your Amazon accounts or limit the use of Amazon services in the event of a wrongdoing or because required by applicable laws or regulations, or by competent authorities.

You will receive notice of the closure of your Amazon accounts or the restriction of access to and use of the Amazon Services, except in the case of serious violations of current legislation, or when we cannot provide notice in accordance with legal and regulatory provisions or because a notice could result in a liability on the part of Amazon, harm other customers or users or compromise the Amazon Services.

In any case, we will notify you in writing of the closure of your Amazon accounts or the restriction on your access to and use of the Amazon Services. The communication we send you will include information regarding your right to challenge the decision.

You can close your Amazon accounts at any time by going to the 'Your Account' page and selecting 'Close your Amazon account'.

REVIEWS, COMMENTS, COMMUNICATIONS AND OTHER CONTENT
It is allowed to post reviews, comments and other content, send e-cards and other communications and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions or other information, as long as the content is not illegal (or obscene, abusive, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to Amazon and/or third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings or any form of "spam"). You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of a card or other content. We reserve the right (but do not have any obligation to undertake any action in the absence of a valid Notice Form, completed in its entirety) to remove or edit such content. If you believe that any content or sale advertisement posted on the website or used within the context of any Amazon Service contains a defamatory statement, or that your intellectual property rights are being infringed by an item or information on the website or used within the context of any Amazon Service, please notify us by completing and submitting the Notice Form and we will respond promptly.

If you post customer reviews, comments, customer questions or answers, or submit other content generated by you for display on the website (including any images, video or audio content, all together referred to as "content"), you grant Amazon (a) a non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to use, reproduce, publish, make available, translate and modify such content throughout the world (including the right to sublicense these rights to third parties) and (b) the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content. No moral rights are transferred by this provision.

You may delete your content from public view or, where such functionality is offered, change the settings so that it is only shown to people to whom you grant access.

You represent and warrant that you own, or otherwise control, or in any case have the availability of, all of the rights to the content that you post; that, as at the date that the content or material is posted: (i) the content and material are accurate and relevant; and (ii) use of the content and material you supply does not breach any Amazon's applicable policies or guidelines and will not cause injury to third-party. Except in cases where any liabilities are attributable to the failure to remove unlawful content following receipt of a notice, you undertake to hold Amazon harmless from all legal actions brought by third parties against Amazon, arising from or otherwise connected with the content and materials provided by you.

.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY CLAIMS
Amazon respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been used in a way that gives rise to concerns of infringement, please follow our Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Right Infringements.

AMAZON SOFTWARE TERMS
In addition to these Conditions of Use, the terms found under Additional Amazon Software Terms apply to any software (including any updates/upgrades to the software and any related documentation) that we make available to you from time to time for your use in connection with Amazon Services (the "Amazon Software").

THIRD-PARTY BUSINESS
Parties other than Amazon operate stores, provide services, or sell product lines on this website. In addition, we provide links to the sites of affiliated companies and certain other businesses. Unless not explicitly indicated otherwise in these Conditions of Use, or in the below Conditions of Sale or in the Service Terms, we are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, any of these businesses or individuals or the content of their websites. Amazon does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, products, and content of all of these or any other third parties. You may inform us when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we may share your information related to those transactions with that third party. You should carefully review their privacy statements and other conditions of use.

THIRD-PARTY SELLERS AND AMAZON'S ROLE
Amazon allows third-party sellers to list and sell their products at Amazon.it. Whether the product is being sold by third parties is indicated in the detail page of each product. While Amazon as an e-commerce service provider helps facilitate transactions that are carried out on the Amazon website, Amazon is not a party to the sale contract involving the products sold by these third-party sellers. Therefore, Amazon remains extraneous to this contract, which exists solely between the buyer and the seller. Amazon does not assume any responsibility or liability arising out of or in connection with the sale contract and its proper execution, and does not operate as a seller's agent in any way. Without prejudice to what set out below in this section, the third-party seller is the only party responsible for the sale of the products and for managing any disputes with the buyer. In order to allow the buyer to have a safer buying experience, Amazon provides its users with an additional guarantee, called Amazon A-to-z guarantee.

Please note that certain third-party sellers may sell as individuals and not as businesses. This information is from time to time indicated on the Detailed Seller Information page (that you can access by clicking on the name of the third-party seller) and is based on the information provided by the seller to Amazon. If a seller is not a business, keep in mind that the rights provided by consumer protection laws do not apply (for example, the 2-year or 3-year warranty rights, depending on the country, and the right to cancel the order without giving any reason within 14 days). However, Amazon's A-to-Z Guarantee and Amazon's 30-day voluntary return guarantee will still apply in this case.

If the third-party seller's items bear the indication Shipped by Amazon, Amazon will take care of the delivery and any problem related to the order will be handled by our Customer Service. For more information, in particular on how to resolve disputes in these cases, visit our Amazon Logistics page.

If the third-party seller's items do not bear the indication Shipped by Amazon, the seller will manage the delivery of your order. For more information, please read the information on the Ordering from a Marketplace Seller page. The seller will also handle any requests related to Customer Service, unless it is indicated that Customer Service is provided by Amazon or if your order is a Prime listing.

OUR LIABILITY
We will do our utmost to ensure that availability of the Amazon Services will be uninterrupted and that transmissions will be error-free. However, due to the nature of the internet, uninterrupted access and error-free transmission cannot be guaranteed. Also, your access to Amazon Services may also be occasionally suspended or restricted to allow for repairs, maintenance, or the introduction of new facilities or services. We will attempt to limit the frequency and duration of any such suspension or restriction.

Amazon will not be responsible for (i) losses that were not caused by any breach of these conditions on our part, or (ii) any business loss (including loss of profits, revenue, contracts, anticipated savings, data, goodwill or wasted expenditure), or (iii) any indirect or consequential losses that were not foreseeable to both you and us when you commenced using the Amazon Services.

We will not be held responsible for any delay or failure to comply with our obligations under these conditions if the delay or failure arises from unforeseeable circumstances or force majeure. This provision does not affect your legal rights, specifically your right to have goods sent within a reasonable time or to receive a refund in the event of failure to delivery due to unforeseeable circumstances or force majeure. The laws of some countries may not allow the limitations of liability described above. If these laws apply, the above limitations of liability may not apply and you might have additional rights. Nothing in these provisions limits or excludes our responsibility in the event of death or personal injury caused by our negligence or wilful misconduct.

APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION
These Conditions of Use are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (except for the provisions on conflict of laws), and the application of the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded. If you are a consumer and have your habitual residence in the EU, you may additionally enjoy the protection afforded to you by mandatory provisions of the law of your country of residence. We both agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the district of Luxembourg City. Therefore, as a consumer you may bring a claim in connection with these Conditions of Use before the Courts of the district of Luxembourg city or the Member State of the EU in which you reside or are domiciled.

If you would like to bring a matter to our attention, please contact us.

EXPORT CONTROLS
You agree that you will not export, re-export, or transfer any products (including software or other digital products) that you have purchased on the website to any country, individual, corporation, organisation, or entity to which such export is restricted or prohibited by law. For example, economic sanctions and embargoes imposed by the European Union, the United Nations, US Departments of State, Treasury or Commerce, and other government authorities (such as embargoes imposed on specific countries, or economic sanctions imposed on individuals or companies for terrorism or money laundering offences) may prohibit you from taking products to other countries, even for your own personal use, and/or sending products (whether physically by mail or digitally via email or file-sharing) to particular individuals, corporations, organisations or entities. In addition, you agree that you will not purchase any product or service from the website if you are subject to restrictive measures (sanctions).

ALTERATIONS TO TO THE GENERAL CONDITIONS
We reserve the right to modify these General Terms of Use, our guidelines and policies at any time, to adapt to legal and regulatory provisions, to make them clearer or easier to understand, and/or to reflect any changes to Amazon services, by publishing the updated version on Amazon.it or on any other website or application used to provide the Amazon Services. In the event that a significant change is made to these General Terms of Use, you will be notified with reasonable notice.

The General Terms of Use, guidelines and our policies are those in effect when you use the Amazon Services. You can stop using any Amazon Service, close your Amazon account, or cancel the relevant Amazon Services at any time and for any reason, even if there are changes.

If any provision of these conditions is considered invalid, void or for any reason unenforceable, this condition will not affect the validity and effectiveness of the other provisions

WAIVER
If you breach these Conditions of Use, our failure to exercise our right to act against you does not constitute a waiver of our right to act against the breach of your obligations.

CHILDREN
We do not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18 you may use the Amazon Services only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.

GOVERNING LANGUAGE
In the event of any inconsistency, discrepancy or conflict between the Language version of these Conditions of Use and their translation in another language, the Language version shall prevail.

OUR CONTACT DETAILS
This website is owned and maintained by Amazon Europe Core SARL.

Amazon Europe Core SARL:

Amazon Europe Core SARL, 38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg

Share capital: EUR 154.560

RCS Luxembourg No: B180022

Business Licence Number: 10040783

Luxembourg VAT Registration Number: LU 26375245

Other contacts/

Amazon EU SARL, Italian Branch

Amazon EU SARL, Italian Branch, Viale Monte Grappa 3/5, 20124 Milan, Italy

Registry of Companies of Milan - Milan Office

Registration No: 2059602

Tax Code and VAT Registration Number: IT08973230967

Amazon Media EU SARL:

Amazon Media EU SARL, 5 Rue Plaetis, L-2338 Luxembourg

Share capital: EUR 50,000

RCS Luxembourg No: 112767

Business Licence Number: 136312

Luxembourg VAT Registration Number: LU 20944528

You may contact us also through our Customer Service and we may communicate with you via e-mail or phone.

NOTICE FORM AND PROCEDURE TO REPORT ILLEGAL CONTENT
If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been infringed and you are eligible for Brand Registry, please sign up to that service and submit your complaint via Brand Registry. Otherwise, please submit your complaint using our online Report Infringement form. This form may be used to report all types of intellectual property claims including, but not limited to, copyright, trademark, design and patent claims.

Upon receipt of a complaint we may take certain actions. For instance, we may remove the item information or an item, and terminate repeat infringers' accounts in appropriate circumstances. All such actions are taken without any admission as to liability and without prejudice to any rights, remedies or defenses, all of which are expressly reserved. This includes forwarding the complaint to the parties involved in the provision of the allegedly infringing content. You agree to indemnify Amazon for all claims brought by a third party against Amazon arising out of or in connection with the submission of a complaint.

Note on Third-Party Seller Listings: Please keep in mind that Third-Party Seller listings are merely hosted on Amazon.it and are posted solely at the direction of Third-Party Sellers who may be contacted via their "Seller Information" page, accessible from any of their listings.

ASIN and ISBN-10, Defined: "ASIN" stands for Amazon Standard Item (or Identification) Number and is a ten (10) character identifier. It can be found below any listing under "Product Details". "ISBN-10" stands for International Standard Book Number and is a ten (10) digit identifier that can be found on some book listings under "Product Details".

Important Warning: giving false, misleading or inaccurate information in the Notice Form to Amazon may result in civil and/or criminal liability. You should contact a legal advisor should you have any questions.

Reporting other illegal content

If you would like to otherwise report issues related to products, content, or a product page, for example because you believe that the product or content is illegal, you can submit a report. For more information, see the help page Report an issue with a product, content or product page.

20. ADDITIONAL AMAZON SOFTWARE TERMS

Use of the Amazon Software. You may use Amazon Software solely for purposes of enabling you to use and enjoy the Amazon Services as permitted by the Conditions of Use, these Additional Amazon Software Terms and any Service Terms. You may not incorporate any portion of the Amazon Software into your own programs or compile any portion of it in combination with your own programs, transfer the Amazon Software for use with another service, or sell, rent, lease, lend, loan, distribute or sub-license the Amazon Software or otherwise assign any rights to the Amazon Software in whole or in part. You may not use the Amazon Software for any illegal purpose. We may cease providing any Amazon Software and we may terminate your right to use any Amazon Software at any time. Your rights to use the Amazon Software will automatically terminate without notice from us if you fail to comply with any of these Additional Amazon Software Terms, the Conditions of Use or any other Service Terms. Additional third-party terms and conditions contained within or distributed with certain Amazon Software (or software incorporated with the Amazon Software) that are specifically identified in related documentation may apply to that Amazon Software . Such provisions will prevail in the event of a conflict with these Conditions of Use. All software used in any Amazon Service is the property of Amazon or its software suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
Use of Third-Party Services. When you use the Amazon Software, you may also be using the services of one or more third parties, such as a wireless carrier or a mobile platform provider. Your use of these third-party services may be subject to the separate policies, terms of use, and fees of these third parties.
No Reverse Engineering. You may not, and you will not encourage, assist or authorise any other person to copy, modify, "reverse engineer", decompile or disassemble, apply any other process or procedure to derive the source code or other underlying components (such as a model, model parameters, or model weights), or otherwise tamper with, the Amazon Software, whether in whole or in part, or create any derivative works from or of the Amazon Software.
Software updates. Unless otherwise indicated in any Service Terms in relation to certain Amazon Software, Amazon may periodically release updates and upgrades to the Amazon Software. See also the Conditions of Sale for the specific software updates for physical products containing digital elements.
Please read these terms carefully before using the Amazon Services. By using Amazon Services, you accept these terms in full.

21. AGENTS
The terms in this section (“Agent Terms”) apply if you use, allow, enable, or cause the deployment of an Agent to access, use, or interact with any Amazon Services. For the purposes of these Agent Terms, "Agent” means any software or service that takes autonomous or semi-autonomous action on behalf of, or at the instruction of, any person or entity.


Transparency and Consent. No Agent may access, use, or interact with Amazon Services unless, at all times, it identifies itself and operates in strict accordance with the requirements in section 3 of these Agent Terms. In addition, no Agent may access, use, or interact with Amazon Services if we have requested that the Agent refrain from accessing, using, or interacting with any Amazon Service.
Limitation on Access. At our sole discretion, we may limit, including by technical measures, whether and how any Agent accesses, uses, and interacts with Amazon Services.
Technical Requirements. Agents must:
In all HTTP/HTTPS requests, identify that the request is from an Agent and disclose the name of the Agent by including the following in the request’s user agent string:
“Agent/[agent name]” (e.g., Agent/AmazonAgent)

Not conceal or obfuscate that any access, use, or interactions are from an Agent, such as by (a) mimicking the speed or pattern of human keystrokes, page navigation, or other interactions or (b) completing or circumventing CAPTCHAs or other measures intended to distinguish computers from humans.
Respond truthfully to any question or prompt seeking to determine if interactions are coming from a human or a computer.
Not circumvent or otherwise avoid any measure intended to block, limit, modify, or control whether and how Agents access, use, or interact with an Amazon Service.
II. CONDITIONS OF SALE

These Conditions of Sale govern the sale of products and, where applicable, of services through our website whenever Amazon EU SARL operates as a seller ("Conditions of Sale"). The sale of products by third parties shall be governed by the terms and conditions of sale applicable from time to time. We offer a wide range of Amazon Services, and sometimes additional terms may apply. When you use any Amazon Service (for example Your Profile, Gift Cards, Amazon applications for mobile or Message Centre), you will also be subject to the terms, guidelines and conditions applicable to that Amazon Service ("Service Terms"). If these Conditions of Sale are inconsistent with the Service Terms, those Service Terms will control.

Please read these Conditions of Sale carefully before placing an order. By placing any order, you signify your agreement to be bound by these Conditions of Sale.

OUR CONTRACT
The presentation of products and services on the website or through Amazon applications for mobile devices constitutes an invitation to offer.

If you want to buy one or more products, you can select them one at a time, by adding them to your cart. Once you have selected all the items you want to buy, you may close your cart and place the order. At this point, you will see a summary page of the products you selected, their price and delivery options (with related costs). You will be required to choose your preferred solution for delivery, transportation and payment method.

At the top of the same page, you will find the "Buy now" button, which you must click to place your order.

Your order will be considered as a contractual offer to Amazon to buy the product(s) in your order, each considered individually. Upon receipt of your order, we will automatically send you an e-mail confirming receipt of your order (the "Order Confirmation E-mail"). If you use certain Amazon Services (for example the Amazon applications for mobile devices) the Order Confirmation E-mail may be posted in the Message Centre accessible from the website. The Order Confirmation E-mail does not confirm acceptance of your offer to buy the product(s) ordered. Indeed, by sending the Order Confirmation E-mail, we only confirm receipt of your order and that we have submitted it to the data and availability verification process with regard to the products you requested. The sale contract with Amazon EU Sarl will be concluded only when we send you a separate e-mail or post a message in the Message Centre on the website accepting your purchase offer, which will also contain information relating to the shipment of the product and the expected delivery email (the "Dispatch Confirmation E-mail"). If your order is dispatched in more than one package, you may receive a separate Dispatch Confirmation E-mail for each package. The charge will only take place when the items included in your order are shipped or after five days from the authorization to pay, whichever of these two conditions occurs first. For further information on the authorization to pay, visit the help page Payment Authorizations. You can cancel your order any time before we send the Dispatch Confirmation E-mail relating to that product, provided that the order has not been prepared for shipment. In this case you will not be charged any cost. In any case, your right of cancellation under the terms and conditions set out in section 2 below remains unaffected. This right to cancel does not apply to certain categories of products including, but not limited to, digital products or software which are not supplied in a physical format (e.g. on a CD or DVD), once download or use has begun.

You consent to receive sales invoices electronically. Electronic invoices will be made available in pdf format in the Your Account area of the web site. For each delivery, we will inform you in our Dispatch Confirmation E-mail if an electronic invoice is available. For further information about electronic invoices and instructions on how to receive a paper copy, please refer to our help pages Print an Invoice and Information on electronic invoicing effective as of 2019.

Please note that all orders placed on the website must correspond to the typical needs of an average household. This applies both to the number of products ordered within a single order and the placing of several orders for the same product even where the individual orders comprise a quantity typical for a normal household.

AMAZON RIGHT OF CANCELLATION, EXCEPTIONS AND AMAZON RETURNS POLICIES
Unless one of the exceptions listed below applies, you can cancel your order without giving any reason within 14 days from the day on which you received the goods purchased (or last good, lot or piece if it relates to goods or multiple lots or pieces delivered separately) or from the day of the conclusion of the contract (including, but not limited to, contracts for the supply of digital content not supplied in a tangible medium, such as CD or DVD). If you have appointed a trusted person for the collection, your right of withdrawal starts from the day the product is delivered to the person designated by you, other than the carrier.

You must inform Amazon EU Sarl, 5 Rue Plaetis, L-2338 Luxemburg of your decision to cancel your order by (i) following the instructions available on our Returns Support Centre, (ii) contacting us, or (iii) using this Cancellation Form. In case you use the return centre, we will communicate to you an acknowledgement of receipt by e-mail.

To exercise your right of withdrawal, it is necessary that you send your communication before the 14 days' cancellation period has expired and return the item to Amazon according to the instructions available on our Returns Support Centre.

For additional information on the right of withdrawal and instructions for the exercise, please contact our Customer Service by contacting us.

EFFECTS OF CANCELLATION

We will reimburse all payments received from you for the goods for which you exercised your right of withdrawal, (unless we are entitled to reduce your refund, as explained below), including delivery charges for the least expensive type of delivery offered by Amazon, no later than 14 days from the day on which we received the communication related to the exercise of the right of withdrawal. We will use the same means of payment as you used for the initial transaction, unless you have expressly agreed otherwise. In any event, you will not incur any fees as a result of such reimbursement. We may withhold reimbursement until we have received the goods back or you have supplied evidence of having sent back the goods, whichever is the earliest.

Note that you must send back the goods by following the instructions available on our Returns Centre no later than 14 days from the day on which you communicate your cancellation to us. You will have to bear the direct cost of returning these goods. You may be liable if the value of the goods returned diminishes due to your handling of the goods (except when it was necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the goods). In this case, we may reduce your refund to reflect the diminished value of the goods. If the goods are significantly damaged as a result of your handling of them, you may not be entitled to a refund for them.

EXCEPTIONS TO THE RIGHT OF CANCELLATION

The right of cancellation does not apply to:

- the delivery of sealed products which are not suitable for return due to health protection or hygienic reasons if unsealed by you after delivery, or which are, after delivery, inseparably mixed with other items;

- the delivery of sealed audio or video recordings or of sealed software if unsealed by you after delivery;

- the supply of goods made to your specifications or clearly personalized;

- the supply of goods which may deteriorate or expire rapidly;

- service agreements after Amazon has fully performed the service, if you have expressly consented to the execution of the service on our part, accepting that you could not exercise your right to cancellation upon full execution of the contract;

- the supply of digital content (including apps, digital software, ebooks, MP3, etc) which is not supplied on a tangible medium (e.g. on a CD or DVD) if you accepted when you placed your order that we could start to deliver it, and that you could not cancel it once delivery had started;

- the supply of alcoholic beverages whose price has been agreed upon at the moment of the conclusion of the sale contract, whose delivery can be executed only after thirty days and whose actual value is dependent on fluctuations in the market which Amazon cannot control.

AMAZON RETURN POLICIES

In addition to your statutory rights, products sold by Amazon EU S.à r.l. can be returned to Amazon EU S.à r.l. by 30 days from the date of delivery, as long as the products are undamaged and in the same condition as when they were delivered to you, except for the excluded products, for which you can decide to return the product by 14 days, as provided by law. In all cases, the applicable exceptions listed above apply. Further information can be found on our Return policy page. Products must be returned following the instructions available in our Returns Centre.

You must return each product in the same condition in which you received it. You may be liable if the value of any returned product has been diminished due to your handling of it (except when such handling was necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the product). Therefore, if you do not return products in the same condition in which you received them in, Amazon reserves the right to reject the return or deduct a portion of the original purchase price from your refund to cover the diminished value.

If you decide to return the item in accordance with Amazon's return policy within 30 (thirty) calendar days from the date of delivery and beyond the statutory 14-day period, we will refund to you the purchase price already paid by you, (or a partial refund if you do not return a product in the same condition in which you received it), but not the delivery costs of your initial purchase (except in case of return of clothes, shoes and bags). Likewise, the transport risk and return costs might be borne by you. If you return Fashion items (shoes, clothing, bags, jewelry and watches) specific policies apply, for more details see our page Free Returns on Fashion Items. These provisions are supplemental and do not affect your statutory rights, nor your right of cancellation within 14 days as described above.

Details on returning and examples can be found at Our Returns Policies.

PRICING AND AVAILABILITY
All prices are inclusive of legally applicable VAT.

We list availability information for products sold by us on the website including on each product information page. Beyond what we say on that page or otherwise on the website, we cannot be more specific about products availability. Please keep in mind that estimated times for dispatch and delivery are purely approximate and you cannot rely completely on them. Once we receive your order, we will inform you by e-mail or by posting a communication in the Message centre on the website if any products you ordered turn out to be unavailable.

Despite our best efforts, we cannot exclude that a small number of the millions of items in our catalogue may be mispriced. In any case, we will verify pricing of products when processing your order and during subsequent delivery of the products. If due to any mishaps or inconveniences a product's correct price is higher than the price on the website, we may either contact you before dispatch to request whether you want to buy the product at the correct price or cancel your order. If a product's correct price is lower than the price indicated on the website, we will charge the lower amount and send you the product.

CUSTOMS
When ordering products from Amazon for delivery outside of Italy you may be subject to import duties and taxes, which are levied once the package reaches the specified destination. Any additional charges for customs clearance must be borne by you. We have no control over these charges and cannot predict their amount. Customs policies vary widely from country to country, so you should contact your local customs office for further information. Additionally, please note that when you place an order on the website, you are considered the importer of record and must comply with all laws and regulations of the country in which you are receiving the products. Your privacy is important to us and we know that you care about how the information relating to your order is used and shared. We would like our international customers and customers shipping products abroad to be aware that cross-border deliveries are subject to opening and inspection of products by customs authorities. For more information please read the information on the page About Customs.

BUY NOW ORDERING
Buy Now ordering is the fastest and easiest way to order products and services safely and securely. If you are using Amazon Services on a public or shared computer terminal, we strongly recommend that you deactivate Buy Now ordering when you are not at the computer.

WARRANTIES ON PRODUCTS SOLD BY AMAZON AND LIABILITY LIMITATIONS
The warranty provisions on products sold by Amazon differ depending on whether the buyer is a "consumer" or a "professional" under Directive 1999/44/EC concerning "certain aspects of sales contracts and warranties on consumer goods".

If you buy as a "consumer", you benefit from the legal guarantee of conformity that the seller is required to provide by law on every good sold ("Legal Warranty").

The Legal Warranty - to which Amazon is bound as a seller - guarantees the goods against conformity defects with respect to the sale contract.

In accordance with the law, if the Legal Warranty is applicable, you will have the right to restore the conformity of the goods free of charge through repair or replacement, or, if this is not possible, to a reduction in the purchase price or to the termination of the contract. Therefore, Amazon is responsible for conformity defects if they occur within two years from the date of delivery of the goods. However, you will have the obligation to report the conformity defect within two months of its discovery.

You can find more information on the rules of exercise and functioning of the Legal Warranty, with example cases, by visiting our Legal Warranty section or by contacting our Customer Service through the Contact Us function.

If you find a conformity defect on the goods purchased from Amazon during the period of validity of the Legal Warranty, please contact Customer Service through the Contact Us function.

To the extent permitted by law, Amazon declines all responsibility in the event that the delivered product does not comply with the legislation of the country of delivery other than Italy.

Amazon will not be responsible in the event of a delay in the delivery of the purchased goods due to insufficient stocks with the publisher or supplier.

We will also not be responsible in the event of non-substantial differences between the purchased goods and their illustrative images and text descriptions published on our site.

Except in the case of willful misconduct or gross negligence, we are solely responsible for any direct and foreseeable damage at the time of the conclusion of the sales contract. Therefore, we will not be responsible for any losses suffered, lost profits or any other damage that is not an immediate and direct consequence of our default or that was not foreseeable at the time of the conclusion of the sales contract. Amazon is in no way responsible for the fulfillment of obligations of third parties that may offer commercial warranties in relation to the products sold on the site.

Amazon authorizes third-party sellers to display and sell their products on Amazon.it. On each page of products displayed for sale on the Amazon.it site, it is indicated when the product is sold by third-party sellers and not by Amazon. As a supplier of the e-commerce site, Amazon facilitates the transactions that take place on the site, but it is not part of the contract for the sale of the goods offered by these third-party sellers. Therefore, Amazon remains unrelated to the transaction, which occurs exclusively between the buyer and the seller. Amazon does not take on any responsibility related to the sales contract and its proper execution, and does not represent the seller in any way.

The seller is the only party responsible for the sale of the products and must deal directly with all possible complaints or issues concerning, or related to, the contract between the buyer and the seller, including taking on the Legal Warranty obligations.

SOFTWARE UPDATES
For products with digital elements, Amazon (or an interested third party) will issue the following types of updates for the purchased digital products:

- Where applicable, updates specified on the product detail page at the time of purchase of the product itself; and (ii) updates required by law, also to ensure the compliance of that product; for more information visit our Legal Warranty page.

- Amazon (or an interested third party) may also periodically provide additional product updates, for example to: (i) offer or improve new functionalities, designs, interfaces and/or features; (ii) make minor technical changes; and/or (iii) for legal or security reasons, if deemed reasonably necessary by Amazon (or an interested third party). Some of these updates may not be necessary to ensure product compliance. By accepting the General Conditions of Sale, you agree to receive these updates.

- You accept that updates can be performed automatically, without the need for your intervention. If an update is not automatic, it will take effect only after you install it. You also agree that the untimely or incorrect installation of updates may compromise the performance or functionality of the affected products. Amazon will not be held responsible for any compliance defects resulting from your failure to install updates.

APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION
These Conditions of Sale are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (except for the provisions on conflicting laws), and the application of the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded. We both agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the district of Luxembourg City. As a consumer, you may then bring a claim before the Courts of the district of the City of Luxembourg or of the Member State of the European Union where you reside or are domiciled to initiate a dispute relating to these Conditions of Sale. If you are a consumer and have your habitual residence in the EU, you may additionally enjoy the protection provided by the mandatory provisions of the law of your Country of residence.

AMENDMENTS TO THE CONDITIONS OF SALE
We reserve the right to make changes to these General Conditions of Sale at any time by publishing the updated version on Amazon.it. You will be subject to the terms of the General Conditions of Sale from time to time in force at the time you place your order on Amazon.it.

WAIVER
If you breach these Conditions of Sale, our failure to exercise our right to act against you does not constitute a waiver on our part to act against the breach of the obligations undertaken by you.

CHILDREN
We do not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18 you may only use Amazon.it with the involvement of a parent or guardian.

GOVERNING LANGUAGE
In the event of any inconsistency, discrepancy or conflict between the Italian version of these Conditions of Sale and their translation in another language, the Italian version shall prevail

OUR CONTACT DETAILS
Our contact details are:

Amazon EU SARL, Société à responsabilité limitée, 38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. Share Capital: EUR 125,000.

RCS Luxembourg No: B-101818; Business Licence Number: 134248; Luxembourg VAT Registration Number: LU 20260743.

Amazon EU SARL, Italian Branch, Viale Monte Grappa 3/5, 20124 Milan, Italy.

Registry of Businesses of Milan - Milan Office REA no. 2059602; Tax code and VAT number IT08973230967.

You may also contact us through our Customer Service and we may communicate with you through email or by phone.