Terms of Use

Welcome to Amazon.com.br. Amazon Serviços de Varejo do Brasil Ltda. and/or its affiliates ("Amazon") offer you features, products, and services when you visit or shop on Amazon.com.br, use Amazon products and services, use the Amazon mobile app, or use software made available by Amazon in connection with any of these activities (collectively, "Amazon Services"). The Amazon Services are governed by the terms below.

By using Amazon Services, you agree to these terms. Please read them carefully. If you do not agree to these terms, do not use Amazon Services.

We offer a wide variety of Amazon Services, and sometimes additional terms may apply. By using a particular Amazon Service, you will also be subject to the guidelines, terms, and conditions applicable to that Service ("Terms of Service"). In the event of any inconsistency between these Terms of Use and the Terms of Service, the Terms of Service shall prevail.

PRIVACY

To understand our privacy standards, please review the Privacy Notice, which also governs your use of Amazon Services.

ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS

By using any Amazon Services, or by sending us emails, text messages (SMS), or other types of communication from any electronic device, you are communicating with us electronically. You authorize us to send you electronic communications through various means, such as email, text messages (SMS), push notifications in applications, or by posting information on this website or other Amazon Services, such as our Message Center. You agree that any agreements, notices, messages, disclosures, and other communications delivered to you electronically satisfy all legal requirements that such communication be in writing.

COPYRIGHT

All content included in or made available through any Amazon Services (such as text, graphics, logos, icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, and data compilations) is owned by Amazon or its content provider and is protected by local, foreign (especially U.S.), and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content included in or made available through any Amazon Service is the exclusive property of Amazon and protected by local, foreign (especially U.S.), and international copyright laws.

REGISTERED TRADEMARKS

A non-exhaustive list of Amazon trademarks is available at http://www.amazon.com.br/marcas. In addition, graphics, logos, page titles, icons, scripts, and service names included in or made available through any Amazon Service are trademarks or trade names of Amazon in the U.S. and other countries. Amazon trademarks or trade names may not be used in connection with any non-Amazon product or service in a way that could cause confusion among customers. All other trademarks not owned by Amazon that appear in any Amazon Services are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, related to, or endorsed by Amazon.

PATENTS

One or more patents owned by Amazon, in Brazil or abroad, may apply to Amazon Services and to features or services accessible through Amazon Services. A portion of Amazon Services may also operate under licenses from one or more patents.

AUTHORIZATION AND ACCESS

Subject to your compliance with these Terms of Use and your payment of the applicable price, Amazon or its content providers grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to access and make personal (non-commercial) use of the Amazon Services. This license does not include (i) the resale or commercial use of any Amazon Service or its content, (b) the obtaining or use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices, (c) any derivative use of any Amazon Service or its content; (d) any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; (e) any data mining, robots, or any other data extraction tools. You may not use the Amazon Services to infringe, misappropriate, or violate any intellectual property or other rights. All rights not expressly granted to you in these Terms of Use or any Terms of Service are reserved and retained by Amazon or its respective licensors, suppliers, rights holders, or other content providers. No Amazon Service or its content may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without the express written consent of Amazon. You may not use “framing” or other “framing” techniques incorporating any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Amazon without the express written consent of Amazon. You may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” using the name or trademarks of Amazon without the express written consent of Amazon. You will not use, nor permit any third party to use, AI-generated content from Amazon Services to, directly or indirectly, develop or enhance multimodal or wide language models, machine learning models, or related technology. You may not misuse Amazon Services. You may use Amazon Services only to the extent permitted by law. Licenses or authorizations granted by Amazon will be revoked in the event of a breach of these Terms of Use or any Terms of Service.

YOUR ACCOUNT

When using any Amazon Service, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and restricting access to your computer, and you are responsible for all activities that occur under your account or password. Amazon does not sell products to children, but sells them to adults, who can purchase them with a credit card or other authorized payment method. If you are under 18, you may only use Amazon Services with the participation of a parent or guardian. Amazon reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders at its sole discretion.

SALE OF PRODUCTS FOR PERSONAL USE / RESALE PROHIBITED

The products sold on the Amazon.com.br website are intended solely for the consumption of the respective buyers and not for future resale or commercial purposes. If you are purchasing products on Amazon.com.br for resale or commercial purposes, we may take appropriate action, including suspending or canceling your Amazon account.

EVALUATIONS, COMMENTS, COMMUNICATIONS AND OTHER CONTENT

Visitors may post reviews, comments, photos, and other content, send communications, and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, provided that the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of copyright or intellectual property rights, or otherwise harmful to third parties or objectionable, and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigns, commercial solicitations, chain letters, mass mailings, or any other form of "spam." You may not use a false email address, impersonate another person or entity, or otherwise misrepresent the origin of content. Amazon reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content.

By posting content or submitting materials, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Amazon a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual (i.e., for the entire legal term of protection), irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content in all countries of the world, in any medium (including, but not limited to, web pages displayed on the World Wide Web or similar networks, accessible by computers, mobile phones, tablets, e-readers, and other electronic devices). You grant Amazon and any sublicensees the right to use the name you have provided in connection with such content, should Amazon or its sublicensees so choose to do. You represent and warrant that (i) you own or otherwise control all rights to the content you post, (ii) that the content is accurate, (iii) that the use of the content you make available does not violate this policy and will not cause harm to any individual or legal entity, and (iv) that you will indemnify Amazon for any losses, damages, and expenses relating to or arising from claims arising from content you provide. Amazon has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. Amazon assumes no responsibility for any content posted by you or any third party.

COPYRIGHT CLAIMS

Amazon respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in any way that constitutes copyright infringement, please follow our notification and procedure for filing copyright infringement claims, which can be found below.

RETURNS AND REFUNDS

For more information about our returns and refunds (including the right of withdrawal under Brazilian law), please see our Help pages at http://www.amazon.com.br/ajuda/devolucoes .

Amazon.com.br is not responsible for purchases made on any other Amazon website. Please visit the page where you made your purchase for information about returns, refunds, and other terms governing your purchase on that page. If your purchase was made on Amazon.com or any other international Amazon website, please consult the respective Help pages for more information about return and refund policies.

PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS

Amazon strives to be as accurate as possible in describing products. However, Amazon does not guarantee that product descriptions or the content of any Amazon Service are accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by Amazon itself is not as described, you may return it in accordance with our return and refund policies (we assume no obligation beyond receiving the product in question and processing the refund according to our policy).

PRICES

Prices displayed on Amazon product or service pages are subject to change at any time. The price shown is valid only for purchases made at the time the product is displayed, and provided the product is in stock. Amazon may change the price at any time, either increasing or decreasing it. The completion of the transaction is always subject to product availability in our inventory.

In the case of products sold by third parties other than Amazon.com.br (manufacturers or other retailers), the prices will be determined by those third parties, and any questions regarding the prices listed should be directed to those third parties.

In addition to the price shown, other prices may be indicated for reference or comparison purposes to help you make your purchase decision. Click here for more information on reference prices and discount indicators.

BUYING FROM AN INDEPENDENT SELLER

In transactions between you and an independent seller on the Amazon.com.br website, the seller will establish the terms of purchase (price, payment, delivery, warranty, returns, exchanges, and refunds), and Amazon is not responsible for any damages caused. If there is any problem with any of your orders, you must resolve it directly with the seller through the system provided by Amazon.com.br. As a last resort, if the problem has not been resolved by the independent seller, you may use the "A-to-Z Guarantee," if the requirements are met.

When purchasing from independent sellers who ship products from outside Brazil, you may be subject to import and merchandise circulation taxes, homologation fees, and postal dispatch charges from the Brazilian postal service (Correios). Any charges for customs clearance are your responsibility, and we have no control over these charges. Furthermore, please note that when ordering a product sold by an independent seller who ships items from outside Brazil, you are the importer and, in addition to complying with Brazilian import laws and regulations, a foreign exchange contract will be issued in your name for payment to the independent seller outside Brazil. Your privacy is important to us, and it is important that you are aware that international deliveries are subject to opening and inspection by customs authorities. For more information, please see About customs, fees and taxes .

AMAZON SOFTWARE TERMS

In addition to these Terms of Use, the terms found below apply to any software (including any updates or upgrades to the software and any related documentation) that we make available to you from time to time for your use in connection with any Amazon Services (the "Amazon Software").

OTHER BUSINESSES

We provide links to the websites of other companies (related or not to Amazon). We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not guarantee the offerings of any of these companies, or the content of their websites. Amazon assumes no responsibility for the actions, products, and content of these and any other third parties. You should carefully review the privacy policies and other Terms of Use of these third parties.

SANCTIONS AND EXPORT POLICY

You may not use any Amazon Service if you are subject to U.S. sanctions or sanctions consistent with U.S. law imposed by the governments of the country in which you are using the Amazon Services. You must comply with all U.S. or other countries' export and re-export restrictions that may apply to products, software (including Amazon Software), technology, and services.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

The Amazon Services and all information, content, materials, products (including software), and other services included in or otherwise made available to you through the Amazon Services are provided by Amazon on an "as expressly described" and "as obligations of means" basis (Amazon does not guarantee that you will obtain any results from using the Amazon Services and does not guarantee any level of quality or delivery with respect to the Services). AMAZON MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE PERFORMANCE OF THE AMAZON SERVICES OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) OR OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED IN OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE AMAZON SERVICES, UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN WRITING. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE AMAZON SERVICES WILL BE AT YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE RISK.

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING (BUT NOT LIMITED TO) IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, INCLUDING (BUT NOT LIMITED TO) IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF COMPATIBILITY OR EQUIVALENCE OF THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES WITH SIMILAR GOODS OR SERVICES AVAILABLE ON THE MARKET OR OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED. AMAZON DOES NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE AMAZON SERVICES, INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE), OR OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED IN OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE AMAZON SERVICES, AMAZON SERVERS, OR ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS SENT BY AMAZON ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. THE USE OF ANY AMAZON SERVICES IS AT THE CUSTOMER'S SOLE RISK AND RESPONSIBILITY. AMAZON WILL ONLY BE LIABLE FOR DIRECT AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (EXPRESSLY EXCLUDING LOST PROFITS OR OTHER NON-CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES). Amazon's total liability for any damages arising from the use of Amazon services is limited to the total amount paid by the customer in relation to that service.

FORUM

In all cases where a choice-of-forum clause is permitted, you agree that any disputes arising from or relating to the use of any Amazon Services or products purchased on the Amazon.com.br website will be resolved by the courts of the city of São Paulo (capital of the State of São Paulo), waiving any other jurisdiction, however privileged it may be.

APPLICABLE LAW

By using any Amazon Service, and provided that such services are directly provided by the Brazilian entity Amazon Serviços de Varejo do Brasil Ltda., you agree that the laws of Brazil will govern these Terms of Use and any dispute that may arise between you and Amazon. The Vienna Convention on the International Sale of Goods expressly excludes the application of the Vienna Convention on the International Sale of Goods.

The legal relationship between you and any other Amazon legal entity (including, but not limited to, purchases made on the Amazon.com website) will be subject to foreign law and the jurisdiction determined by the respective law or applicable terms of use.

POLICIES, MODIFICATION AND INDEPENDENCE OF SITE PROVISIONS

Please review our other policies. These policies also govern your use of Amazon Services. We reserve the right to make changes to our website, policies, Terms of Service, and these Terms of Use at any time. If you do not agree to the changes, you should not access or use the Amazon Services offered through the Amazon.com.br website. If any of these conditions are deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition will be considered a separate and independent clause and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.

LANGUAGE OF REGENCY

The parties agree that these Terms of Use shall be written in Portuguese (Brazil). In the event of any inconsistency, discrepancy, or conflict between the Portuguese (Brazil) version of these Terms of Use and its translation into another language, the Portuguese version shall prevail.

OUR ADDRESS

Amazon.com.br - Amazon Retail Services of Brazil Ltd.

Avenida Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, 2041- Torre E - 18º Andar - São Paulo/SP, CEP 04543-011

http://www.amazon.com.br

Notification and procedure for filing copyright infringement complaints.
If your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please submit your complaint via the online form available at http://www.amazon.com.br/direitoautoral .

If you prefer to submit a written report, please provide Amazon with the following information:

A statement containing the electronic or physical signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on their behalf;
Description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
A description of where the material in question is located on this website;
Your address, phone number, and email address;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
I declare, under penalty of perjury, that the information contained in your notification is correct and that you are the owner or authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
This procedure is solely for the purpose of notifying Amazon of copyright infringement.

Amazon's Copyright Agent can be contacted at the following email address:

copyright@amazon.com.br

If you do not have access to email, then the Copyright Agent can be contacted at the following address:

Copyright Agent

Amazon Retail Services of Brazil Ltd.

Avenida Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, 2041- Torre E - 18º Andar - São Paulo/SP, CEP 04543-011

To the attention of: Legal Department

Amazon Software Additional Terms

Use of Amazon Software. You may use the Amazon Software solely in connection with your use of the Amazon Services, as stipulated by Amazon, and as permitted by the Terms of Use, these Software Terms, and applicable Terms of Service. You may not incorporate any part of the Amazon Software into your own programs or compile any part of it in combination with your own programs, transfer it for use with another service, or sell, rent, lease, lend, distribute, or sublicense the Amazon Software or otherwise assign any rights to the Amazon Software in whole or in part. You may not use the Amazon Software for any illegal purpose. We may discontinue providing any Amazon Software and revoke your right to use any Amazon Software at any time. Your rights to use the Amazon Software will automatically terminate without notice from us if you fail to comply with any of these Software Terms, the Terms of Use, or any other Terms of Service. Additional third-party terms contained in or distributed with specific Amazon Software identified in related documentation may apply to specific Amazon Software (or software incorporated with Amazon Software) and will govern the use of that software in the event of a conflict with these Terms of Use. All software used in any Amazon Service is owned by Amazon or its software suppliers and protected by United States law, and by local and international copyright and software laws.
Use of Third-Party Services. When you use Amazon Software, you may also be using third-party services, such as wireless service providers or mobile phone platforms. Your use of these third-party services may be subject to the policies, terms of use, and charges of those third parties.
No Reverse Engineering. You may not, and will not encourage, assist, or authorize any other person to copy, modify, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble, apply any other process or procedure to derive the source code or other underlying components (such as a template, template parameters, or template weights), or otherwise corrupt the Amazon Software in whole or in part, or create any derivative works from the Amazon Software.
Updates. To keep your Amazon Software up to date, we may offer manual or automatic updates at any time without notifying you.
AGENTS

The terms in this section ("Agent Terms") apply if you use, permit, enable, or cause the deployment of an Agent to access, use, or interact with any Amazon Services. For the purposes of these Agent Terms, "Agent" means any software or service that takes autonomous or semi-autonomous actions on behalf of, or at the instruction of, any person or entity.

1. Transparency and Consent. No Agent may access, use, or interact with Amazon Services unless, at all times, they identify themselves and operate in strict compliance with the requirements of Section 3 of these Agent Terms. Furthermore, no Agent may access, use, or interact with Amazon Services if we have requested that the Agent refrain from accessing, using, or interacting with any Amazon Service.

2. Access Limitation. At our sole discretion, we may limit, including through technical measures, whether and how any Agent accesses, uses, and interacts with Amazon Services.

3. Technical Requirements. Agents must:

In all HTTP/HTTPS requests, identify that the request is from an Agent and disclose the Agent's name by including the following in the user agent string of the request:

“Agent/[agent name]” (for example, Agent/AmazonAgent)

Do not conceal or obscure the fact that any access, use, or interactions are from an Agent, such as by (a) mimicking the speed or pattern of human typing, page navigation, or other interactions, or (b) completing or circumventing CAPTCHAs or other measures designed to distinguish computers from humans.

To truthfully answer any question or request that seeks to determine whether interactions are coming from a human or a computer.

Do not circumvent or otherwise avoid any measure designed to block, limit, modify, or control whether and how Agents access, use, or interact with an Amazon Service.