Conditions of Use & Sale

Last updated on 28 November, 2025. To see the previous iteration of the Conditions of Use & Sale click here.

Welcome to Amazon.es.

Amazon Europe Core SARL, Amazon EU SARL and/or their affiliates (Amazon) provide website features and other products and services to you when you visit or shop at Amazon.es (the website), use Amazon devices, products, or services, use Amazon applications for mobile, or use software provided by Amazon in connection with any of the foregoing (collectively Amazon Services). Please see our Privacy Notice, our Cookies Notice, and our Interest Based Ads Notice to understand how we collect and process your personal information through Amazon Services. Amazon provides the Amazon Services and sells our products to you subject to the conditions set out on this page. Amazon.es is the trading name for Amazon.

Conditions of Use

Conditions of Sale

Conditions of Use

Please read these conditions carefully before using Amazon Services. By using Amazon Services, you signify your agreement to be bound by these conditions. We offer a wide range of Amazon Services, and sometimes additional terms may apply. When you use an Amazon Service (for example Your Profile, Gift Cards or Amazon applications for mobile), you will also be subject to the terms, guidelines and conditions applicable to that Amazon Service (Service Terms). If these Conditions of Use are inconsistent with the Service Terms, those Service Terms will control.

Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Right Infringements.
1. ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS

When you use any Amazon Service or send e-mails, texts messages (SMS) or other type of communication using your computer or any electronic device to us, you are communicating with us electronically. We will communicate with you electronically in a variety of ways, such as by e-mail, text, in-app push notices or by posting e-mail messages or communications on the website or through the other Amazon Services, such as our Message Centre. For contractual purposes, you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing, unless mandatory applicable laws specifically require a different form of communication.

2. RECOMMENDATIONS AND PERSONALISATION

As part of the Amazon Services, we will recommend features, products, and services, including third part ads that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalise your experience. For additional information, check the help page in the following link: Search and find products in the Amazon Store.

3. COPYRIGHT, AUTHORS' RIGHTS AND DATABASE RIGHTS

All content included in or made available through any Amazon Service, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads and data compilations is the property of Amazon or its content suppliers and is protected by Luxembourg and international copyright, authors' rights and database right laws. The compilation of all content included in or made available through any Amazon Service is the exclusive property of Amazon and is protected by Luxembourg and international copyright and database right laws.

You may not extract and/or re-utilise parts of the content of any Amazon Service without our express written consent. In particular, you may not utilise any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools to extract (whether once or many times) for re-utilisation any substantial parts of the content of any Amazon Service, without our express written consent. You may also not create and/or publish your own database that features substantial parts of any Amazon Service (e.g. our prices and product listings) without our express written consent.

4. TRADEMARKS

Click here to see a non-exhaustive list of Amazon trademarks. In addition graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names included in or made available through any Amazon Service are trademarks or trade dress of Amazon. Amazon's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Amazon's or in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers. All other trademarks not owned by Amazon that appear in any Amazon Service are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Amazon.

5. LICENCE AND ACCESS

Subject to your compliance with these Conditions of Use and applicable Service Terms and your payment of any applicable fees, Amazon or its content providers grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable licence to access and make personal and non-commercial use of the Amazon Services. This licence does not include any resale or commercial use of any Amazon Service or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of any Amazon Service or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or (with the exception of any use by researchers or competent authorities to ensure compliance with applicable laws) any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. You may not use the Amazon Services to infringe, misappropriate, or violate intellectual property or other legal rights.

All rights not expressly granted to you in these Conditions of Use or any Service Terms are reserved and retained by Amazon or its licensors, suppliers, publishers, rights holders, or other content providers.

No Amazon Service or its contents, nor any part of any Amazon Service, may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without our express written consent. You may not frame or use framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Amazon without our express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other hidden text utilising Amazon's names or trademarks without our express written consent. You will not, and will not allow any third party to, use AI-generated content from the Amazon Services to, directly or indirectly, develop or improve large language or multimodal models, machine learning models or related technology, such as AI models and AI systems.

You may not misuse the Amazon Services. You may use the Amazon Services only as permitted by law. The licences granted by Amazon terminate if you do not comply with these Conditions of Use or any Service Terms.

6. YOUR ACCOUNT

You may need your own Amazon account to use certain Amazon Services, and you may be required to be logged into the account and have a valid payment method associated with it.

If there is a problem charging your selected payment method we may charge any other valid payment method associated with your account. Click Your Payments and then Manage payment options to manage options.

If you use any Amazon Service you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and to the extent permitted by applicable law you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. You should take all necessary steps to ensure that the password is kept confidential and secure and should inform us immediately if you have any reason to believe that your password has become known to anyone else, or if the password is being, or is likely to be used in an unauthorised manner. You are responsible for ensuring that the details you provide us with are correct and complete, and for informing us of any changes to the information you have provided. You can access your information in the Your Account section of the website. Please see our Protecting Your Privacy Help Page to access your personal information.

You must not use any Amazon Service: (i) in any way that causes, or is likely to cause, any Amazon Service, or any access to it to be interrupted, damaged or impaired in any way, or (ii) for fraudulent purposes, or in connection with a criminal offence or other unlawful activity, or (iii) to cause annoyance, inconvenience or anxiety.

We reserve the right to refuse any Amazon Services or terminate accounts if your behaviour gives justified reason to do so. This will in particular be the case if you are in breach of applicable laws, applicable contractual provisions, our guidelines or our policies, which are all accessible on the website. Notwithstanding any such limitation or termination, you will continue to have access to content and services purchased by you up to that point.

7. REVIEWS, COMMENTS, COMMUNICATIONS AND OTHER CONTENT

Visitors may post reviews, comments and other content; send e-cards and other communications; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions or other information, as long as the content is not illegal, obscene, abusive, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings or any form of "spam". You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of a card or other content. We reserve the right (but not, in the absence of a valid notice form, the obligation) to remove or edit such content. If you believe that any content on or advertised for sale on any Amazon Service contains a defamatory statement, or that your intellectual property rights are being infringed by an item or information on any Amazon Service, please notify us by completing and submitting the appropriate notice form and we will respond.

If you post customer reviews, comments, customer questions or answers, or other content generated by you for display on the website (including any images, video or audio, all together "content", you grant Amazon (a) a non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to use, reproduce, publish, make available, translate and modify such content throughout the world (including the right to sublicense these rights to third parties) and (b) the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content. No moral rights are transferred by this provision.

You may delete your content from public view or, where such functionality is offered, change settings so that it is only shown to people to whom you grant access.

You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that, as at the date that the content or material is posted: (i) the content and material is accurate; and (ii) use of the content and material you supply does not breach any applicable policies or guidelines and will not cause injury to any person or entity (including that the content or material is not defamatory). You agree to indemnify Amazon for all claims brought by a third party against Amazon arising out of or in connection with the content and material you supply except to the extent that any liability arises from our failure to properly remove the content when it is notified of the illegal nature of the content (Notice form) arising out of or on the grounds of, or originating from the content that you have communicated to us. By deleting content from public view, you withdraw your license for Amazon to publish and make available that content publicly.

8. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY CLAIMS

Amazon respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been used in a way that gives rise to concerns of infringement, please follow our Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Right Infringements.

9. AMAZON SOFTWARE TERMS

In addition to these Conditions of Use, the terms found under Additional Amazon Software Terms apply to any software (including any updates or upgrades to the software and any related documentation) that we make available to you from time to time for your use in connection with Amazon Services (the Amazon Software).

10. OTHER BUSINESS

Parties other than Amazon operate stores, provide services, or sell product lines on this website. In addition, we provide links to the sites of affiliated companies and certain other businesses. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, any of these businesses or individuals or the content of their websites. Amazon does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, product, and content of all of these or any other third parties. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we may share your information related to those transactions with that third party. You should carefully review their privacy statements and other conditions of use.
11. THIRD PARTY SELLERS AND AMAZON'S ROLE

Amazon allows third party sellers to list and sell their products at Amazon.es. In each such case this is indicated on the respective product detail page. While Amazon as a service provider helps facilitate transactions that are carried out on the Amazon website, Amazon is neither the buyer nor the seller of the seller's items. Amazon provides a service for sellers and buyers to negotiate and complete transactions. Accordingly, the contract formed at the completion of a sale for these third party products is solely between buyer and seller. Amazon is not a party to this contract nor assumes any responsibility arising out of or in connection with it nor is it the seller's agent. Except as provided below in this section, The seller is responsible for the sale of the products and for dealing with any buyer claims or any other issue arising out of or in connection with the contract between the buyer and seller. Because Amazon wants the buyer to have a safer buying experience, Amazon provides the Amazon A-to-z guarantee in addition to any contractual or other rights. For conditions relating to the sale by third parties to you on Amazon.es see the Participation Agreement.

Please note that some third party sellers may sell as individuals and ot as professional traders. In each case, this information is listed on the Seller details page (accessible clicking on the seller’s name) and is based on information provided by the seller to Amazon. If a seller is not a business, please note that your normal statutory rights under consumer protection laws (for example, warranty rights of 2 or 3 years depending on the country, and the right to cancel your order within 14 days after receipt of your order without giving any reason) will not apply. However, Amazon’s A to Z guarantee and our 30 day voluntary return guarantee will still apply in this case.

If the third party seller’s items are listed as being handled by Amazon, Amazon will handle the delivery and our customer service will handle any issues related to the order. For more information, specifically on how to resolve disputes in these particular cases, please see the Amazon Managed Orders page.

If the third party seller’s items are not listed as being handled by Amazon, the seller will handle the delivery of your order. For more information, see the Marketplace Seller Ordering page. The seller will also handle any customer service enquiries, except if Amazon is listed as providing customer service or if your order is marked with the Amazon prime badge.

12. OUR LIABILITY

We will do our utmost to ensure that availability of the Amazon Services will be uninterrupted and that transmissions will be error-free. However, due to the nature of the internet, this cannot be guaranteed. Also, your access to Amazon Services may also be occasionally suspended or restricted to allow for repairs, maintenance, or the introduction of new facilities or services. We will attempt to limit the frequency and duration of any such suspension or restriction.

Amazon will not be responsible for (i) losses that were not caused by any breach on our part, or (ii) any business loss (including loss of profits, revenue, contracts, anticipated savings, data, goodwill or wasted expenditure), or (iii) any indirect or consequential losses that were not foreseeable to both you and us when you commenced using the Amazon Services.

We will not be held responsible for any delay or failure to comply with our obligations under these conditions if the delay or failure arises from any cause which is beyond our reasonable control. This condition does not affect your legal right to have goods sent or services provided within a reasonable time or to receive a refund if goods or services ordered cannot be supplied within a reasonable time owing to a cause beyond our reasonable control.

The laws of some countries do not allow some or all of the limitations described above. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above limitations may not apply to you and you might have additional rights.

Nothing in these conditions limits or excludes our responsibility for fraudulent representations made by us or for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or wilful misconduct.

13. APPLICABLE LAW

These conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, and the application of the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded. If you are a consumer and have your habitual residence in the EU or the UK , you additionally enjoy the protection afforded to you by mandatory provisions of the law of your country of residence. We both agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the district of Luxembourg City, which means that you may bring a claim to enforce your consumer protection rights in connection with these Conditions of Use in Luxembourg or in the EU country in which you live. If you would like to bring a matter to our attention, please contact us.

14. EXPORT CONTROLS

You agree that you will not export, re-export, or transfer any products (including software or other digital products) that you have purchased on the website to any country, individual, corporation, organisation, or entity to which such export is restricted or prohibited by law. For example, economic sanctions and embargoes imposed by the European Union, the United Nations, US Departments of State, Treasury or Commerce, and other government authorities (such as embargoes imposed on specific countries, or economic sanctions imposed on individuals or companies for terrorism or money laundering offences) may prohibit you from taking products to other countries, even for your own personal use, and/or sending products (whether physically by mail or digitally via email or file-sharing) to particular individuals, corporations, organisations or entities. In addition, you agree that you will not purchase any product or service from the website if you are subject to restrictive measures (sanctions)".

15. ALTERATIONS TO SERVICE OR AMENDMENTS TO THE CONDITIONS OF USE

We reserve the right to make changes to any Amazon Services, policies, terms and conditions including these Conditions of Use, and Service Terms at any time. You will be subject to the terms and conditions, policies and Conditions of Use in force at the time that you use the Amazon Services. If any of these Conditions of Use is deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.

16. WAIVER

If you breach these Conditions of Use and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these Conditions of Use.

17. CHILDREN

We do not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18 you may use the Amazon Services only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.

18. GOVERNING LANGUAGE

In the event of any inconsistency, discrepancy or conflict between the Spanish version of these Conditions of Use and their translation in another language, the Spanish version shall prevail.

19. OUR CONTACT DETAILS

This website is owned and maintained by Amazon Europe Core SARL.

For Amazon Europe Core SARL:

Amazon Europe Core SARL, Société à responsabilité limitée, 
38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg 
Share capital: EUR 37,500
Registered in Luxembourg 
RCS Luxembourg No: B180022
Business Licence Number: 10040783
Luxembourg VAT Registration Number: LU 26375245
Other contacts:

For Amazon EU SARL:

Amazon EU SARL, Société à responsabilité limitée, 
38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg 
Share capital: EUR 37,500
Registered in Luxembourg 
RCS Luxembourg No: B-101818
Business Licence Number: 134248
Luxembourg VAT Registration Number: LU 20260743
Local Registered Branch:

Amazon EU SARL, UK Branch, 1 Principal Place, London, 
Worship Street, EC2A 2FA, United Kingdom
Registered in England & Wales
Company No. FC032354
UK Establishment No. BR17427
UK VAT Number: GB 727255821
For Amazon Services Europe SARL:

Amazon Services Europe SARL, Société à responsabilité limitée, 
38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg
Share capital: EUR 37,500
Registered in Luxembourg
RCS Luxembourg No: B-93815
Business Licence Number: 132595
Luxembourg VAT Registration Number: LU19647148
For Amazon Media EU SARL:

Amazon Media EU SARL, Société à responsabilité limitée, 
38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg
Share capital: EUR 37,500
Registered in Luxembourg 
RCS Luxembourg No: 112767
Business Licence Number: 136312
Luxembourg VAT Registration Number: LU 20944528
20. NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF RIGHT INFRINGEMENTS

If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been infringed and you are eligible for Brand Registry , please sign up to that service and submit your complaint via Brand Registry. Otherwise, please submit your complaint using our online Report Infringement form . This form may be used to report all types of intellectual property claims including, but not limited to, copyright, trademark, design and patent claims.

Upon receipt of a complaint we may take certain actions, including removing information or an item, and termination of repeat infringers in appropriate circumstances. All such actions are taken without any admission as to liability and without prejudice to any rights, remedies or defenses, all of which are expressly reserved. This includes forwarding the complaint to the parties involved in the provision of the allegedly infringing content. You agree to indemnify Amazon for all claims brought by a third party against Amazon arising out of or in connection with the submission of a complaint.

Note on Third Party Seller Listings: Please keep in mind that Third Party Seller listings are merely hosted on Amazon.es and are posted solely at the direction of Third Party Sellers who may be contacted via their Seller Information page, accessible from any of their listings.

ASIN and ISBN-10, Defined: ASIN stands for Amazon Standard Item (or Identification) Number and is a ten (10) character identifier. It can be found below any listing under Product Details. ISBN-10 stands for International Standard Book Number and is a ten (10) digit identifier that can be found on some book listings under Product Details.

Important Warning:

giving false, misleading or inaccurate information in the Notice Form to Amazon may result in civil and/or criminal liability. You should contact a legal advisor should you have any questions.

NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFYING AMAZON OF DEFAMATORY CONTENT

If you wish to notify any problem with a product, content, or Product Page, i.e., if you believe the product or content is illegal, you can submit a report. For more information, see the Report a problem with a product, content, or product page help page.

20. ADDITIONAL AMAZON SOFTWARE TERMS

Use of the Amazon Software. You may use Amazon Software solely for purposes of enabling you to use and enjoy the Amazon Services as provided by Amazon, and as permitted by the Conditions of Use, these Software Terms and any Service Terms. You may not incorporate any portion of the Amazon Software into your own programs or compile any portion of it in combination with your own programs, transfer it for use with another service, or sell, rent, lease, lend, loan, distribute or sub-license the Amazon Software or otherwise assign any rights to the Amazon Software in whole or in part. You may not use the Amazon Software for any illegal purpose. We may cease providing any Amazon Software and we may terminate your right to use any Amazon Software at any time. Your rights to use the Amazon Software will automatically terminate without notice from us if you fail to comply with any of these Software Terms, the Conditions of Use or any other Service Terms. Additional third party terms contained within or distributed with certain Amazon Software that are specifically identified in related documentation may apply to that Amazon Software (or software incorporated with the Amazon Software) and will govern the use of such software in the event of a conflict with these Conditions of Use. All software used in any Amazon Service is the property of Amazon or its software suppliers and protected by Luxembourg and international copyright laws.
Use of Third Party Services. When you use the Amazon Software, you may also be using the services of one or more third parties, such as a wireless carrier or a mobile platform provider. Your use of these third party services may be subject to the separate policies, terms of use, and fees of these third parties.
No Reverse Engineering. Unless explicitly permitted under applicable mandatory law, you may not, and you will not encourage, assist or authorise any other person to copy, modify, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble, apply any other process or procedure to derive the source code or other underlying components (such as a model, model parameters, or model weights), or otherwise tamper with, the Amazon Software, whether in whole or in part, or create any derivative works from or of the Amazon Software.
Updates. In order to keep the Amazon Software up-to-date, we may offer automatic or manual updates at any time and without notice to you.
AGENTS

The terms in this section ("Agent Terms") apply if you use, allow, enable, or cause the deployment of an Agent to access, use, or interact with any Amazon Services. For the purposes of these Agent Terms, "Agent" means any software or service that takes autonomous or semi-autonomous action on behalf of, or at the instruction of, any person or entity.

Transparency and Consent. No Agent may access, use, or interact with Amazon Services unless, at all times, it identifies itself and operates in strict accordance with the requirements in section 3 of these Agent Terms. In addition, no Agent may access, use, or interact with Amazon Services if we have requested that the Agent refrain from accessing, using, or interacting with any Amazon Service.
Limitation on Access. At our sole discretion, we may limit, including by technical measures, whether and how any Agent accesses, uses, and interacts with Amazon Services.
Technical Requirements. Agents must:
In all HTTP/HTTPS requests, identify that the request is from an Agent and disclose the name of the Agent by including the following in the request's user agent string:
"Agent/[agent name]" (e.g., Agent/AmazonAgent)

Not conceal or obfuscate that any access, use, or interactions are from an Agent, such as by (a) mimicking the speed or pattern of human keystrokes, page navigation, or other interactions or (b) completing or circumventing CAPTCHAs or other measures intended to distinguish computers from humans.
Respond truthfully to any question or prompt seeking to determine if interactions are coming from a human or a computer.
Not circumvent or otherwise avoid any measure intended to block, limit, modify, or control whether and how Agents access, use, or interact with an Amazon Service.
In all HTTP/HTTPS requests, identify that the request is from an Agent and disclose the name of the Agent by including the following in the request's user agent string

This information is also available in Catalan. Click here (Amazon.es website) to view this page in Catalan.

In the event of a discrepancy between the Catalan translation of the Spanish version of this text and the Spanish version, the latter will prevail.

Conditions of Sale

These Conditions of Sale govern the sale of products by Amazon EU SARL to you. For conditions relating to the sale by third parties to you on Amazon.es see the Participation Agreement . We offer a wide range of Amazon Services, and sometimes additional terms may apply. When you use an Amazon Service (for example Your Profile, Gift Cards or Amazon applications for mobile), you will also be subject to the terms, guidelines and conditions applicable to that Amazon Service ("Service Terms"). If these Conditions of Sale are inconsistent with the Service Terms, those Service Terms will control.

Please read these conditions carefully before placing an order with Amazon EU SARL. By placing an order with Amazon EU SARL, you signify your agreement to be bound by these conditions.

1. OUR CONTRACT

When you place your order, we will send you a message confirming receipt of your order. If you are using certain Amazon Services (e.g., Amazon mobile applications), the confirmation of your order may be posted in the website's messaging service. We will also inform you about the shipment of your products. However, you may modify your order before it enters the shipping process.

You consent to receive sales invoices electronically. Electronic invoices will be made available in PDF format in the Your Account area of the web site. You may also obtain a paper copy of your invoice by contacting us free of charge by email, chat, or phone through the following link: Contact. For further information about electronic invoices and instructions on how to receive a paper copy please refer to our help pages.

Please note that we sell products only in quantities which correspond to the typical needs of an average household. This applies both to the number of products ordered within a single order and the placing of several orders for the same product where the individual orders comprise a quantity typical for a normal household.

2. RIGHT OF CANCELLATION UP TO 14 DAYS, EXCEPTIONS TO CANCELLATION AND OUR VOLUNTARY RETURNS GUARANTEE

STATUTORY RIGHT

Unless one of the exceptions listed below applies, you can cancel your order without giving any reason within 14 days from the day on which you or a third party indicated by you (other than the carrier) receives the goods purchased (or last good, lot or piece if it relates to goods or multiple lots or pieces delivered separately) or from the day of the conclusion of the contract, in the case of services or digital content not supplied in a tangible medium (e.g. CD or DVD).

You must inform us (Amazon EU Sarl, 38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxemburg) of your decision to cancel your order. You may submit your request according to the instructions and forms available on our Returns Support Centre, by contacting us, or using this Cancellation Form . In case you use the return centre, we will communicate to you an acknowledgement of receipt by e-mail. To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for you to send your communication before the 14 days’ cancellation period has expired and return the item via our return centre.

Amazon.es does not assume ownership of the returned product until it is received at the return address. Amazon.es reserves the right, at its discretion, to refund the amount of the product without requiring its return. In this case, ownership of the product whose price was reimbursed will not go to Amazon.es.

For additional information on the scope, content and instructions for the exercise, please contact our Customer Service.

EFFECTS OF CANCELLATION

We will reimburse all payments received from you for the goods purchased (unless we are entitled to reduce your refund, as explained below) and will also reimburse delivery charges for the least expensive type of delivery offered by us, no later than 14 days from the day on which we received the above communication. We will use the same means of payment as you used for the initial transaction, unless you have expressly agreed otherwise. In any event, you will not incur any fees as a result of such reimbursement. We may withhold reimbursement until we have received the goods back or you have supplied evidence of having sent back the goods, whichever is the earliest. If reimbursement occurs after the maximum time period mentioned above, the amount due to you will as of right be increased.

Note that you must send back the goods by following the instructions available on our return centre no later than 14 days from the day on which you communicate your cancellation to us. You will have to bear the direct cost of returning these goods. You may be liable if the value of the goods returned diminishes due to your handling of the goods (except when it was necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the goods). In this case, we may reduce your refund to reflect the diminished value of the goods. If the goods are significantly damaged as a result of your handling of them, you may not be entitled to a refund for them.

EXCEPTIONS TO THE RIGHT OF CANCELLATION

The right of cancellation does not apply to:

the delivery of products which are not suitable for return due to health protection or hygienic reasons if unsealed by you after delivery, or which are, after delivery, inseparably mixed with other items;
the delivery of sealed audio or video recordings or of sealed software if unsealed by you after delivery;
the supply of goods made to your specifications or clearly personalized;
the supply of goods which may deteriorate or expire rapidly;
a service if Amazon has fully performed it and you accepted when you placed your order that we could start to deliver it, and that you could not cancel it once delivery had started;
the supply of digital content (including apps, digital software, ebooks, MP3, etc) which is not supplied on a tangible medium (e.g. on a CD or DVD) if you accepted when you placed your order that we could start to deliver it, and that you could not cancel it once delivery had started;
the delivery of newspapers, journals or magazines with the exception of subscription contracts for the supply of such publications; and
the supply of alcoholic beverages whose actual value is dependent on fluctuations in the market which we cannot control.
OUR VOLUNTARY RETURNS GUARANTEE

Without prejudice to your statutory rights, Amazon provides you with the following voluntary returns guarantee:

All products from the Amazon sites can be returned within 30 days of receipt of the products to Amazon if the products are complete and are in an unused and undamaged condition. For shrink-wrapped and/or sealed data media (for example CDs, audio cassettes, VHS videos, DVDs, PC and video games and software) this means that we only take back the products in the unopened shrink wrap film or with an undamaged seal. The products are to be returned via our Returns Support Centre. This voluntary returns guarantee does not apply to digital products or software which are not supplied on a tangible medium (e.g. on a CD or DVD).

You must return each product in the same condition in which you received it. You may be liable if the value of any returned product has been diminished due to your handling of it (except when such handling was necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the product). Therefore, if you do not return products in the same condition in which you received them in, Amazon reserves the right to reject the return or deduct a portion of the original purchase price from your refund to cover the diminished value.

If you return products according to this voluntary returns guarantee, we will refund to you the purchase price already paid by you (or a partial refund if you do not return a product in the same condition in which you received it), but not the delivery costs of your initial purchase. Likewise the transport risk and return costs might be borne by you. If you return Fashion items specific policies apply, for more details see Free Returns on Fashion Items. This returns guarantee does not affect your statutory rights and therefore does not affect your right of cancellation as described above.

Details on returning and examples can be found at Returns and Refunds.

LEGAL GUARANTEE OF CONFORMITY

In addition to your legal rights and the 30-day voluntary return guarantee, customers in Spain will have a three-year after-sales warranty (customers in other member states of the European Union, with exceptions, generally have a two-year legal warranty) from the date of delivery of the product, for the repair or replacement of products purchased on Amazon if they are defective or dissatisfied with what was announced. You can request a refund or a reduction in the price of the product when the repair or replacement of the product has not taken place in a reasonable time or without major inconvenience for you.

In the case of second-hand products, the warranty period may be shorter but always equal to or greater than one year.

Please note that, in accordance with consumer and user regulations, this legal guarantee of conformity is the responsibility of the seller. Therefore, the warranty for products sold by Amazon is offered by Amazon and that of products sold by third-party sellers is offered by third-party sellers.

For additional information on operating terms and conditions, please see our Return Policy.

For more information about your rights, see our Legal Guarantee.

3. PRICING AND AVAILABILITY

We list availability information for products sold by us on the website including on each product information page. Beyond what we say on that page or otherwise on the website, we cannot be more specific about availability. As we process your order, we will inform you by e-mail as soon as possible if any products you order turn out to be unavailable and you will not be charged for those products.

Please note that unless otherwise stated on the website, delivery estimates are just that. In cases where we can't confirm a delivery time, we will provide you with an estimated delivery time, usually within a range of days. In addition, you can check the status of your order at any time through the My Account section of the website or by contacting our Customer Service. In all cases, delivery will be made within 30 days of placing your order, unless otherwise agreed.

For more information, see our Pricing Policy and availability information and availability, both of which apply to products sold on Amazon.es.

They are not guaranteed delivery times and should not be relied upon as such.

Despite our best efforts, a small number of the items in our catalogue may be mispriced. We will verify pricing when processing your order and before we take payment. If we have made a mistake and a product's correct price is higher than the price on the website, we may either contact you before dispatch to request whether you want to buy the product at the correct price or cancel your order. If a product's correct price is lower than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount and send you the product.

4. PRODUCT INFORMATION

Unless expressly indicated otherwise, Amazon is not the manufacturer of the products sold on this website. While we work to ensure that product information on our website is correct, actual product packaging and materials may contain more and different information to that displayed on our website. Ingredients may also change. All information about the products on our website is provided for information purposes only. We recommend that you do not rely solely on the information presented on our website. Please always read labels, warnings and directions provided with the product before use.

For healthcare products, in the event of any safety concerns or for any other information about a product, please carefully read the information provided with the product or contact the manufacturer. Content on this site is not intended to substitute for advice given by a medical practitioner, pharmacist or other licensed healthcare professional. Contact your healthcare provider immediately if you suspect that you have a medical problem. Information and statements about products are not intended to be used to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease or health condition. Amazon accepts no liability for inaccuracies or misstatements about products by manufacturers or other third parties. This does not affect your statutory rights.

5. CUSTOMS

When ordering products from Amazon for delivery outside of mainland UK you may be subject to import duties and taxes, which are levied once the package reaches the specified destination. Any additional charges for customs clearance must be borne by you; we have no control over these charges. Customs policies vary widely from country to country, so you should contact your local customs office for further information. Additionally, please note that when ordering from Amazon, you are considered the importer of record and must comply with all laws and regulations of the country in which you are receiving the products. Your privacy is important to us and we would like our international customers to be aware that cross-border deliveries are subject to opening and inspection by customs authorities. For more information see About Customs.

6. BUY NOW ORDERING

Buy Now ordering is the fastest and easiest way to order products safely and securely from Amazon. If you are using a public or shared computer terminal, we strongly recommend that you deactivate Buy Now ordering when you are not at the computer.

7. OUR LIABILITY

Amazon and its affiliates will not be responsible for (i) losses that were not caused by any breach on our part, or (ii) any business loss (including loss of profits, revenue, contracts, anticipated savings, data, goodwill or wasted expenditure), or (iii) any indirect or consequential losses that were not foreseeable to both you and us when the contract for the sale of products by us to you was formed.

The laws of some countries do not allow some or all of the limitations described above. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above limitations may not apply to you and you might have additional rights.

Nothing in these conditions limits or excludes our responsibility for fraudulent representations made by us or for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or willful misconduct.

We will not be held responsible for any delay or failure to comply with our obligations under these conditions if the delay or failure arises from any cause which is beyond our reasonable control. This condition does not affect your right to have the products sent to you within a reasonable time. If the delay occurs before the products are dispatched, we will not charge you for the products until they are dispatched and you may cancel your order at any time prior to dispatch.

The terms and conditions of the guarantee that Amazon.es offers on its products will vary based on the person who is making the purchase: a "consumer" or another person "acting for purposes which fall within the scope of his professional activity", in accordance with the provisions of Directive 1999/44/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council.

If you purchase the product as a "consumer", you are entitled to the guarantee of conformity provided for in the legislation according to which the delivered good must be in conformity with the contract, and to which the seller is legally bound (Legal Guarantee). For more information on the scope, content and instructions for exercising this Legal Warranty, please refer to our Legal Guarantee Terms and Conditions or contact our Customer Service.

In addition, you may be entitled to any other guarantee (the Commercial Guarantee) that the manufacturer or a third party may grant in your case. The name of the entity providing the Commercial Guarantee, as well as the terms and conditions of the Commercial Guarantee, are generally set out in the documentation included in the product packaging, which you are encouraged to read and keep in your possession. You can find more information about the terms and conditions of Amazon's Commercial Guarantee on Kindle products at the following link.

Amazon.es will not be responsible for the fulfilment of any obligations under the Commercial Guarantee provided by third parties.

8. SOFTWARE UPDATES

For products with digital elements, Amazon (or an applicable third party) will issue the following types of updates for the digital products you purchase:

Where applicable, updates specified on the product information page when you purchased the product; and (ii) updates required by law, including to ensure compliance of such product; see here.
Amazon (or an applicable third party) may also send you additional product updates from time to time for the following reasons, among others: (i) to provide or enhance new functions, designs, interfaces, or features; (ii) to make minor technical changes; or (iii) for legal or security reasons, when deemed reasonably necessary by Amazon (or an applicable third party). Some of these updates may not be necessary to ensure product compliance. By accepting the Terms of Sale, you agree to receive such updates.
You agree that updates will take place automatically, without any action required. Where an update is not automatic, it will take effect only when you install it. You acknowledge that if updates are not installed in a timely manner or are not installed properly, this may impair the performance or functionality of the applicable products. Amazon is not responsible for any non-compliance as a result of your failure to properly install updates.
9. APPLICABLE LAW

These conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (with the exception of its conflict of law provisions), and the application of the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded. We both agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the District of Luxembourg City, which means that you may bring a claim to enforce your consumer protection rights in connection with these Conditions of Sale in Luxembourg, the UK or in the EU country in which you live. If you are a consumer and have your habitual residence in the EU or the UK, you additionally enjoy the protection afforded to you by mandatory provisions of the law of your country of residence.

If you would like to bring any issues to our attention, please contact us.

10. AMENDMENTS TO THE CONDITIONS OF SALE

We reserve the right to make changes to our website, policies, and terms and conditions, including these Conditions of Sale at any time. You will be subject to the terms and conditions, policies and Conditions of Sale in force at the time that you order products from us, unless any change to those terms and conditions, policies or these Conditions of Sale is required to be made by law or government authority (in which case it may apply to orders previously placed by you). If any of these Conditions of Sale is deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.

11. WAIVER

If you breach these Conditions of Sale and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these Conditions of Sale.

12. CHILDREN

We do not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18 you may only use Amazon.es with the involvement of a parent or guardian.

13 GOVERNING LANGUAGE

In the event of any inconsistency, discrepancy or conflict between the Spanish version of these Conditions of Sale and their translation in another language, the Spanish version shall prevail.

14. OUR CONTACT DETAILS

Our contact details are:

Amazon EU SARL, Société à responsabilité limitée, 
38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg
Share Capital: EUR 37,500
Registered in Luxembourg
RCS Luxembourg No: B-101818
Business Licence Number: 134248
Luxembourg VAT Registration Number:  LU 20260743
Local Registered Branch:

Amazon EU SARL, branch in Spain, 
Calle Ramírez de Prado, 5, 
28045 Madrid (Madrid), 
Spain Registration number in Spain (NIF): W0184081H 
Registry data: Volume: 33166, 
Book: 0, Folio: 105, Section 8, 
Page: M-596819, 1st Inscription.
This information is also available in Catalan. Click here to consult this page in Catalan.

In the event of any discrepancy between the Catalan translation of the Spanish version of this text and the Spanish version, the latter shall prevail.

You can also contact us through our Customer service department and we will contact you by email or telephone.

Click here for a summary of the main items of the Conditions of Use.