Terms of Use
Welcome to American Musical Supply Inc. By accessing or using the services provided by American Musical Supply and its affiliates, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions. Please review them carefully. These terms also apply to any future or current services offered by American Musical Supply, or any purchases made through affiliated businesses, whether or not those services or businesses are included on the AmericanMusical.com website.

Definitions
appearing on the website.Website: The online platform provided by American Musical Supply.
User: Any individual or entity accessing or using the website.
Content: Any text, images, videos, reviews, or other materials appearing on the website.
Products: Any goods or services offered for sale on the website
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Notice, which also governs your visit to American Musical Supply, to understand our practices.  https://www.americanmusical.com/s/privacy-policy

Electronic Communications
When you visit Americanmusical.com, or send e-mails / text messages to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail, text message, or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.

Copyright
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of American Musical Supply or its content suppliers and protected by the United States and international copyright laws.

Trademarks
Americanmusical.com; and other marks indicated on our site are registered trademarks of American Musical Supply or its subsidiaries, in the United States and other countries. Various American Musical Supply graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names are trademarks or trade dress of American Musical Supply or its subsidiaries. American Musical Supply's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not American Musical Supply's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits American Musical Supply. All other trademarks not owned by American Musical Supply or its subsidiaries that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by American Musical Supply or its subsidiaries.

License and Site Access
American Musical Supply grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of American Musical Supply. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of American Musical Supply. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of American Musical Supply and our affiliates without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text " utilizing American Musical Supply 's name or trademarks without the express written consent of American Musical Supply. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by American Musical Supply. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of American Musical Supply so long as the link does not portray American Musical Supply, its affiliates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any American Musical Supply logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.

Security Rules
Violation of the system or network security of our Platform and Services may result in civil or criminal liability. You acknowledge that American Musical Supply will investigate security incidents in accordance with its policies and applicable law and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in connection with the foregoing.

You are prohibited from engaging, or encouraging or permitting any third party to engage, in any activity that could impact the functionality, availability, performance, or security of the Platform or Services, including, without limitation, any of the following activities:

Interfering with the availability of the Platform or Services, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the Platform or Services, overloading, “flooding,” “mailbombing” or “crashing”; or sending unsolicited emails, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services.
Interfering with the Platform networks or network security or using the Platform to gain unauthorized access to any of our systems or any third-party systems.
Reverse engineering, reconstructing, copying, preparing derivative works or otherwise imitating the Platform, Services or Material.
Posting, submitting, inputting, or transmitting any information or content (including User-Provided Content) that contains corrupted files, viruses, or other similar software files, which may damage the operation of the Platform or Services or any device or information technology system of any other user of the Platform or Services.
Using the Platform or Services in a manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Platform or any Service.
Forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any manner.
Obtaining information or account access from or about any user of our services via any means including, without limitations, impersonation, false representation, “phishing” or “pharming” or misrepresentation 
Attempting to do any of the foregoing.
Accessing data or information available on the platform or services that is not intended for you or logging into an account for which you are not authorized to access (including through hacking, password mining or any other illicit means.
Probing, scanning or testing the vulnerability of the platform or credit card payment system.
Breaching the security of any authentication systems on the platform.
Your Account
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. American Musical Supply does sell products for children, but it sells them to adults, who can purchase with a credit card. If you are under 18, you may use American Musical Supply only with involvement of a parent or guardian. American Musical Supply and its affiliates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.

Reviews, Q&A, Comments, Communications, User Generated Content and Other Content
Visitors may post reviews, Q&A, user generated content, comments, other content and other communications; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam." You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of any content. American Musical Supply reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content but does not regularly review posted content.

If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant American Musical Supply and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You grant American Musical Supply and its affiliates and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content if they choose. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify American Musical Supply or its affiliates for all claims resulting from content you supply. American Musical Supply has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. American Musical Supply takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.

Social Media Comment Policy
American Musical Supply engages with various audiences through popular social media platforms. Currently, we share content on YouTube, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, TikTok and LinkedIn. Please note that each platform operates under its own data and privacy policies. To learn more about the specific policies of each platform, follow the links provided below:

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/
Instagram: https://privacycenter.instagram.com/policy/
Twitter/X: https://x.com/en/privacy
Youtube : https://policies.google.com/privacy
TikTok: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/page/us/privacy-policy/en
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy?trk=homepage-basic_footer-privacy-policy
We encourage public interaction and communication about the content we post on our social media accounts. However, this does not imply that American Musical Supply agrees with or accepts the content, opinions, or views expressed within any public comment. The person who posts a comment is solely responsible for the content of the comment.

While we do not discriminate against views or opinions posted to our social networking accounts, we reserve the right to remove or not approve any comment. A comment will not be edited or modified to remove unacceptable content; the entire comment will simply be deleted. All comments submitted will be reviewed before posting. Some of the reasons we may remove or may not approve a comment are listed below:

The comment contains abusive, vulgar, obscene, racist, threatening, or harassing statements.
The comment contains libel, slander, or personal attacks of any kind, including the use of offensive terms that target specific individuals or groups.
The comment contains spam, including content that promotes products or services or contains gratuitous links.
The comment makes unsupported accusations.
The comment suggests or encourages illegal, dangerous, or destructive activity.
The comment is a duplicate post.
The comment is clearly off topic.
The comment contains political conversation, campaigning or lobbying.
American Musical Supply is unable to post comments from children under the age of 13 due to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). If you are 12 years old or younger, you may e-mail us rather than posting a comment.

The moderation and management of posted comments should only be expected to occur during normal business hours. However, American Musical Supply does make extensive use of the built-in comment filtering tools provided by Youtube, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter/X, Yotpo and Tiktok.

Use of these social media services may require a membership that subjects users to policies, requirements, or rules beyond the control of the American Musical Supply. American Musical Supply does not endorse membership in a particular social media service and takes no responsibility for any content that may be posted by other users. The views expressed in comments reflect those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official views of American Musical Supply.

Copyright Complaints
American Musical Supply and its affiliates respect the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please email us at customerservice@americanmusical.com

Product Descriptions, Images, and Prices
American Musical Supply and its affiliates attempt to be as accurate as possible. However, American Musical Supply does not warrant that product descriptions, images , prices, or other content of this site is accurate, complete, dependable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by American Musical Supply itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition under the conditions of our return policy. If you have not already been shipped a product, or if you cannot return your product under the terms of our return policy, then you are not eligible for any remedy.

Pricing
Except where noted otherwise, the List Price displayed for products on our website represents the full retail price listed on the product itself, suggested by the manufacturer or supplier, or estimated in accordance with standard industry practice; or the estimated retail value for a comparably featured item offered elsewhere. The List Price is a comparative price estimate and may or may not represent the prevailing price in every area on any particular day. For certain items that are offered as a set, the List Price may represent "Kit Pricing", which means the aggregate of the manufacturer's estimated or suggested retail price for each of the items included in the set. The List Price may be the same for some new items and their non-new counterparts.

With respect to items sold by American Musical Supply, we cannot confirm the price of an item until you order; however, we do NOT charge your credit card until after your order has entered the shipping process. Despite our best efforts, a small number of the items on our website may be mispriced. If an item's correct price is higher than our stated price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.

Taxes
Purchased products or services may be subject to applicable taxes based on your jurisdiction. Where required, American Musical Supply will collect these taxes and remit them to the appropriate taxing authorities. Taxes are not included in the listed price of products or services, but an estimated tax amount may be displayed before you confirm your purchase. These estimates are based on factors such as price, location, and applicable state, local, federal, or other tax rates at the time of purchase. Final tax amounts may differ if the sale price changes. American Musical Supply uses a third-party service to calculate these tax estimates. While we may collect and remit taxes as required, it is ultimately the user’s responsibility to verify and report any applicable taxes to the appropriate tax authorities, including cases where taxes are not charged or fully assessed.

Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY AMERICAN MUSICAL SUPPLY ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. AMERICAN MUSICAL SUPPLY MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.

TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, AMERICAN MUSICAL SUPPLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. AMERICAN MUSICAL SUPPLY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, ITS SERVERS, OR E-MAIL SENT FROM AMERICAN MUSICAL SUPPLY ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. AMERICAN MUSICAL SUPPLY WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.

CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.

Applicable Law
By visiting American Musical Supply, you agree that the laws of the state of New Jersey, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and American Musical Supply or its affiliates.

Disputes
General Disputes
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to American Musical Supply or to products you purchase through American Musical Supply shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in New Jersey, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate American Musical Supply 's intellectual property rights, American Musical Supply may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of New Jersey, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.

SMS Message Disputes
General. In the interest of resolving disputes between you and American Musical Supply in the most expedient and cost-effective manner, you and American Musical Supply agree that any dispute arising out of or in any way related to these messaging terms and conditions ("Messaging Terms") or your receipt of text messages from American Musical Supply or its service providers will be resolved by binding arbitration. Arbitration is less formal than a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, may allow for more limited discovery than in court, and can be subject to very limited review by courts. Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award. This agreement to arbitrate disputes includes all claims arising out of or in any way related to these Messaging Terms, or your receipt of text messages from American Musical Supply or its service providers whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, and regardless of when a claim arises. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, BY AGREEING TO THESE MESSAGING TERMS, YOU AND American Musical Supply ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION AND THAT THESE MESSAGING TERMS SHALL BE SUBJECT TO AND GOVERNED BY THE FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT.
Exceptions
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in these Messaging Terms shall be deemed to waive, preclude, or otherwise limit the right of either party to:
(i) Initiate an individual action in small claims court;
(ii) Pursue enforcement actions through the appropriate federal, state, or local agency where such actions are available;
(iii) Seek injunctive relief in a court of competent jurisdiction in aid of arbitration; or
(iv) File a lawsuit in a court of law to address a claim of intellectual property infringement.
Arbitrator and Governing Rules
Any arbitration between you and AMERICAN MUSICAL SUPPLY will be governed by the FAA and the Commercial Dispute Resolution Procedures and Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes (collectively, the “AAA Rules”) of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), as modified by these Messaging Terms. The arbitration shall be administered by the AAA, and the AAA Rules and applicable forms can be obtained online at www.adr.org, by calling 1-800-778-7879, or by contacting AMERICAN MUSICAL SUPPLY. The arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute regarding the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, or formation of this arbitration agreement.
Notice and Arbitration Process
Prior to initiating arbitration, the party seeking arbitration must provide the other party with a written notice of the dispute (“Notice”) via U.S. Mail. Notices to AMERICAN MUSICAL SUPPLY must be addressed to:
8 Thornton Road, Oakland, New Jersey 07436, Attn: Chief Executive Officer.
The Notice must include:
(i) A detailed description of the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and
(ii) The specific relief sought (“Demand”).

You and AMERICAN MUSICAL SUPPLY agree to make good-faith efforts to resolve the dispute informally within 30 days after the Notice is received. If the dispute is not resolved within that time, either party may commence arbitration.

During arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by either party shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator has rendered a final decision and award, if any.

Fees and Costs:

If you initiate arbitration in compliance with these Messaging Terms, AMERICAN MUSICAL SUPPLY will reimburse your payment of the filing fee unless your claim exceeds $15,000 or is determined to be frivolous under the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b).

For claims of $15,000 or less, you may choose to proceed through:
(i) Arbitration based solely on written submissions;
(ii) A telephonic hearing; or
(iii) An in-person hearing consistent with the AAA Rules.

If the arbitrator determines that your claim or the relief sought is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose, the payment of arbitration fees will be governed by the AAA Rules, and you may be required to reimburse AMERICAN MUSICAL SUPPLY for any fees or costs advanced on your behalf.

The arbitrator is required to issue a reasoned written decision explaining the essential findings and conclusions on which any award is based. Such decisions and all information disclosed during arbitration shall remain confidential except as necessary to enforce or review the arbitrator’s award.

Class Action Waiver
YOU AND AMERICAN MUSICAL SUPPLY AGREE THAT ALL CLAIMS SHALL BE BROUGHT SOLELY IN YOUR OR AMERICAN MUSICAL SUPPLY’S INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. The arbitrator may not consolidate claims from more than one individual or preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding without the express written consent of both you and AMERICAN MUSICAL SUPPLY.
Modifications to the Arbitration Agreement
If AMERICAN MUSICAL SUPPLY makes any future change to this arbitration agreement, other than a change to the Notice address, you may reject the change by sending written notice of your rejection to AMERICAN MUSICAL SUPPLY within 30 days of the change. In such a case, this arbitration agreement, as in effect immediately prior to the changes, shall govern any disputes between you and AMERICAN MUSICAL SUPPLY.
Severability and Enforceability
If any provision of this arbitration agreement, other than the class action waiver, is found to be unenforceable, the unenforceable provision shall be severed, and the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect. If the class action waiver is found to be unenforceable, the affected claim must proceed in court, but all other claims shall remain subject to arbitration.
Site Policies, Modification, And Severability
Please review our other policies posted on this site. These policies also govern your visit to American Musical Supply. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Conditions of Use at any time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.

Email
By subscribing to or engaging with email communications from American Musical Supply, you agree to the following terms and conditions:

Purpose of Communication
Emails sent by American Musical Supply are intended to provide information about our products, services, promotions, updates, and other content deemed relevant to our customers and subscribers.
Consent
By providing your email address, you consent to receive marketing and transactional emails from American Musical Supply at delivery times and frequency to be determined by American Musical Supply. You may opt out of marketing emails at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link included in the footer of our emails.
Accuracy of Information
While we strive to provide accurate and up-to-date information in our email communications, we do not guarantee the completeness or accuracy of the content. American Musical Supply is not liable for any errors or omissions in email content.
Confidentiality and Privacy
Your email address and any personal information provided will be handled in accordance with our [Privacy Policy]. American Musical Supply does not share your information with third parties without your consent, except as required to fulfill services or comply with legal obligations.
Prohibited Uses
You may not use email communications from American Musical Supply for any unlawful or unauthorized purpose. This includes but is not limited to forwarding emails with malicious intent, altering email content, or using our emails to engage in spamming or other harmful activities.
Security Risks
While American Musical Supply takes reasonable measures to secure our email communications, we cannot guarantee that emails sent from or to American Musical Supply are free from viruses, malware, or other security risks. By engaging with our emails, you accept these risks.
Opt-Out and Preferences
You have the right to manage your email preferences or opt out of receiving non-essential emails. To update your preferences, follow the instructions provided in our emails or contact us directly. Note that you may still receive transactional emails related to your purchases or account.
Changes to Terms
American Musical Supply reserves the right to modify these terms at any time. Any updates will be communicated through our website or via email. By continuing to engage with our email communications, you agree to the updated terms.
Contact Us
For questions or concerns about these terms or to report issues related to email communications, please contact us at customerservice@americanmusical.com
SMS Messaging
Terms & Conditions for AMSNOW (267669)
This is an SMS (Short Messaging Service) program. You agree to receive recurring automated promotional and personalized marketing text (e.g., SMS and MMS) messages (e.g. cart reminders) from American Musical Supply, including text messages that may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system, to the mobile telephone number you provided when signing up or any other number that you designate. Consent is not a condition of purchase. By signing up, you are confirming you are over the age of 13.

Message frequency will vary. American Musical Supply reserves the right to alter the frequency of messages sent at any time, to increase or decrease the total number of sent messages. Delivery times will also vary and you consent to receive these messages at delivery times determined by American Musical Supply. American Musical Supply also reserves the right to change the short code or phone number from which messages are sent and we will notify you when we do so.

We are able to deliver messages to the following mobile phone carriers as well as other carriers not specifically identified: Major carriers: AT&T, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, T-Mobile, MetroPCS, U.S. Cellular, Alltel, Boost Mobile, Nextel, and Virgin Mobile. Minor carriers: Alaska Communications Systems (ACS), Appalachian Wireless (EKN), Bluegrass Cellular, Cellular One of East Central IL (ECIT), Cellular One of Northeast Pennsylvania, Cincinnati Bell Wireless, Cricket, Coral Wireless (Mobi PCS), COX, Cross, Element Mobile (Flat Wireless), Epic Touch (Elkhart Telephone), GCI, Golden State, Hawkeye (Chat Mobility), Hawkeye (NW Missouri), Illinois Valley Cellular, Inland Cellular, iWireless (Iowa Wireless), Keystone Wireless (Immix Wireless/PC Man), Mosaic (Consolidated or CTC Telecom), Nex-Tech Wireless, NTelos, Panhandle Communications, Pioneer, Plateau (Texas RSA 3 Ltd), Revol, RINA, Simmetry (TMP Corporation), Thumb Cellular, Union Wireless, United Wireless, Viaero Wireless, and West Central (WCC or 5 Star Wireless).

Not all mobile devices or handsets may be supported, and our messages may not be deliverable in all areas. American Musical Supply, its service providers and the mobile carriers supported by the program are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. Service is provided on an "as-is" basis and may not be available in all areas at all times. Supporting mobile carriers may change without notice; successful delivery of messages by your wireless provider is not guaranteed.

If you have any questions or concerns about sending and/or receiving SMS messages, please use our company information below to contact us for additional support.

Does the use of this service cost anything?
Standard message and data rates may apply to all text messages. In other words, when you use our text message services, there is no additional cost to you beyond the standard charge for text messages from your wireless provider. Message rates differ from carrier to carrier, so please contact your wireless phone service provider for more details about your plan.

Where can I find customer support information for this message service?
HELP Information: For additional information, text HELP to 267669 or contact customerservice@americanmusical.com.
How do I stop receiving SMS messages from this service?
STOP Information: Text STOP to 267669 to stop receiving American Musical Supply Updates messages from American Musical Supply (you will receive a confirmation text).
After you send an unsubscribe command (STOP, UNSUBSCRIBE, etc.), you will receive one additional message confirming that your request has been processed. Moving forward, you will no longer receive text messages from us. If you want to join again, just reply START and you will be able to sign up for text messages again.

You acknowledge that our text message platform may not recognize and respond to unsubscribe requests that do not include the STOP, END, CANCEL, UNSUBSCRIBE or QUIT keyword commands and agree that American Musical Supply and its service providers will have no liability for failing to honor such requests. If you unsubscribe from one of our text message programs, you may continue to receive text messages from American Musical Supply through any other programs you have joined until you separately unsubscribe from those programs.

Do I need to give consent to use your messaging service?
By agreeing to receive SMS messages about your order, your account or other request you are consenting to receive messages at the provided phone number.

What is the privacy policy for this messaging service?
Protection of Information

Any information submitted by the mobile user for text messaging purposes will remain the property of the mobile user. We will neither rent nor sell the information provided by you to us. We will at no time collect or redistribute this information without your consent, except where legally required to do so by law/court order.

Retention of Data

We will retain the text message information and mobile number for at least 6 years to comply with data retention laws.

If you have any questions regarding your privacy and our text messaging program, please read our privacy policy.

American Musical Supply Music, Inc. 8 Thornton Road. Oakland, NJ 07436 https://www.Americanmusical.com