Terms & Conditions
Last Updated and Effective Date: 6/12/2025

THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS PROVIDED BY AMEREN CORPORATION, ITS SUBSIDARIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, UNION ELECTRIC COMPANY D/B/A AMEREN MISSOURI ("UEC"), AMEREN ILLINOIS COMPANY ("AIC"), AMEREN TRANSMISSION COMPANY OF ILLINOIS ("ATXI"), AND AMEREN SERVICES COMPANY ("AMS"), (HEREINAFTER "AMEREN COMPANIES" OR “AMEREN”), APPLY TO YOUR USE OF THE AMEREN COMPANIES’ WEBSITE(S) OR MOBILE APPLICATION, AS WELL AS ANY OF MATERIALS (AS HEREINAFTER DEFINED) LOCATED THEREON (EACH AN “AMEREN SITE,” AND COLLECTIVELY, “AMEREN SITES”), IS EXPRESSLY CONDITIONED ON YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS (these “Terms and Conditions”). BY USING THE AMEREN SITES, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ASSENT TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITES, MOBILE APPLICATION, OR MATERIALS IS LEGALLY SUFFICIENT CONSIDERATION UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY PART OF THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MUST NOT USE THE WEBSITE OR MOBILE APPLICATION.

Ownership
Except for items in the public domain, the information and all other materials comprising the website or mobile application, including any of the products or services located thereon (collectively, the “Materials”), are wholly owned by (or licensed to) one of the Ameren Companies and/or their content providers. The website or mobile application contains copyrighted material, trademarks, and other proprietary information. Ameren owns a copyright in the selection, coordination and arrangement of the website or mobile application. Nothing contained on this website or mobile application should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of the Materials without the written permission of Ameren or such other party that may own the Materials.

Use of Website and Application
Except for your non-commercial personal use, the website, mobile application, and Materials may not, in whole or in part, be sold, reproduced, published or redistributed in any medium, directly or indirectly, for any purpose. Unauthorized use of the Ameren Sites may violate applicable intellectual property laws or other laws. You must retain all copyright and trademark notices, including any other proprietary notices, contained in the Materials. The use of such Materials on any other website or mobile application or in any environment of networked computers is prohibited. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law.

As a condition of your use of the Ameren Sites, you warrant that your use will not be for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use the Ameren Sites in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the website or mobile application or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the website or mobile application. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any Materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the website or mobile application.

By uploading or otherwise submitting a file or other information (“Contribution”) to the website or mobile application, you automatically grant, or warrant that the copyright owner of the Contribution has expressly granted to the Ameren Companies a perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, publicly display, modify, store, create derivative works from, and/or distribute the Contribution (in whole or part) and/or to incorporate it in other works in any medium now known or hereafter developed, as if the Contribution were public domain information. You similarly permit any Internet user of the Ameren Site to download, store, manipulate, view, print, and display the Contribution for that user’s personal use.

Notwithstanding the paragraph above, the foregoing provisions concerning use of Contributions by the Ameren Companies shall not apply to files or other information that are uploaded or otherwise submitted by vendors, customers, or career applicants accessing the website or mobile application for the purpose of conducting electronic commerce or the submission of job or internship application information on the Ameren Companies’ ebusiness.ameren.com website or mobile application.

While using an Ameren Site, you are required to comply with all applicable statutes, orders, regulations, rules, and other laws. You may not use an Ameren Site for any fraudulent or unlawful purpose, and you may not take any action to interfere with an Ameren Site or any other party’s use of an Ameren Site. In addition, we expect users of the Ameren Sites to respect the rights and dignity of others. For example, you may not do any of the following without our consent:

Post, upload, share, transmit, distribute, facilitate distribution of, or otherwise make available to or through an Ameren Site any content that is unlawful, harmful, harassing, defamatory, threatening, intimidating, fraudulent, tortious, vulgar, obscene, hateful, pornographic, spam, discriminatory, violative of privacy or publicity rights, infringing of intellectual property or other proprietary rights, or otherwise objectionable in Ameren's sole discretion, including unauthorized or unsolicited advertising;
Post to or transmit through the Ameren Sites any sensitive personally identifiable information about yourself or third parties, such as social security, credit card or bank account numbers, health or medical information, or other information concerning personal matters, unless specifically requested by Ameren;
Reproduce, duplicate, copy, publicly display, frame, mirror, sell, resell, or otherwise exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of, use of, or access to an Ameren Site;
Impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity in connection with a Site, or express or imply that Ameren endorses any statement you make;
Violate, or attempt to violate, the security of an Ameren Site;
Disseminate on an Ameren Site any viruses, worms, spyware, adware, or other malicious computer code, file or program that is harmful or invasive or is intended to damage or hijack the operation of, or monitor the use of, any hardware, software or equipment;
Reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, or otherwise attempt to derive the method of operation of the Sites;
Build a competitive product or service using the Ameren Sites, build a product or service using similar ideas, features, functions, or graphics as the Ameren Sites, or determine whether the Ameren Sites are within the scope of any patent;
Interfere in any manner with the operation or hosting of the Ameren Sites or monitor the availability, performance, or functionality of the Ameren Sites;
Use any data mining, bots, spiders, automated tools or similar data gathering and extraction methods, directly or indirectly, on an Ameren Site or to collect any information from an Ameren Site or any other user of an Ameren Site; or
Assist or permit any persons in violating this Agreement or other applicable laws or rules governing the use of the Ameren Sites.

Downloads
Sites may allow you to download certain content, files, and other information or materials. Ameren makes no representation that such download will be error or malware free or fit for a particular purpose. Certain downloads may be subject to a separate agreement either with Ameren or a third-party, for example an agreement with a mobile application store.

Sharing Site Content
Ameren Sites may also allow you to make recommendations or send content to others, for example through an “email this” feature that will send content to the email address you provide. Only provide contact information for individuals who have told you they want to receive the content. By providing someone’s contact information, you represent and warrant that they have confirmed to you that they want to receive the content.

Intellectual Property Notices
All contents of the Website and application are Copyright © 2019 Ameren Corporation and/or its suppliers. All rights reserved. Product and company names mentioned on the website or mobile application are the trademarks of their respective owners.

All names, logos, text, designs, graphics, trade dress, characters, interfaces, code, software, images, sounds, videos, photographs, and other content appearing in or on the Ameren Sites (the “Content”) are protected intellectual property of, used with permission, or under license by, Ameren. Such Content may be protected by copyright, trademark, patent, or other proprietary rights and laws. This includes the entire Content of each Ameren Site, copyrighted and protected as a collective work. All intellectual property rights associated with the Ameren Sites, and related goodwill, are proprietary to Ameren or Ameren's licensors. You do not acquire any right, title, or interest in any Content by accessing or using the Ameren Sites. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Except as set forth below, the use of any Content available on an Ameren Site is strictly prohibited.

Subject to your compliance with this Agreement, Ameren grants you a limited license to access and use the Ameren Sites and their Content for personal, informational, and service-related purposes. No Content from the Ameren Sites may be copied, reproduced, republished, performed, displayed, downloaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way without written permission of the rights owner, except that you may download or print one copy of specific Content or software made available for your downloading or printing for your personal, non-commercial home use, subject to your compliance with this Agreement and retain the same solely for as long as you continue to be permitted to access the Ameren Sites. To use Content under such an exception, you must (1) keep any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices intact, (2) use such Content pursuant to any licenses associated with such Content, (3) not copy or post such Content on any networked computer or broadcast it in any media, (4) make no modifications to any such Content, and (5) make no additional representations or warranties relating to such Content. Except as otherwise expressly authorized herein or in writing by Ameren, you agree not to reproduce, modify, rent, lease, perform, display, transmit, loan, sell, distribute, or create derivative works based (in whole or in part) on all or any part of an Ameren Site or the Content.

Additional Terms
This Agreement applies exclusively to your access to, and use of, the Ameren Sites and does not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other agreement you may have with Ameren for products, services, programs, or otherwise. Additional policies and terms may apply to use of specific portions of an Ameren Site and are included as part of this Agreement whether they reference this Agreement or not.

Other types of agreements and policies that you may be subject to include, but are not limited to:

Service terms
Privacy policies
Employment agreements
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS MAY APPLY TO CERTAIN PORTIONS OF THE WEBSITE OR MOBILE APPLICATION, OR AMEREN PROGRAMS ASSOCIATED WITH OR LINKED TO THIS WEBSITE OR MOBILE APPLICATION, AND YOU AGREE TO ABIDE BY SUCH OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS. These additional Terms and Conditions may include, but are not limited to, your rights and responsibilities regarding opting in or opting out of specific types of communications from Ameren, and charges that may be associated with participation in one or more of these programs.

Should Ameren employ you, none of the materials provided on an Ameren Site constitute or should be considered part or of an employment contract or an offer for employment.

Governing Law
The Ameren Companies conduct their business primarily in the states of Illinois and Missouri. Depending upon which Ameren Company you conduct business with, this Agreement and its performance shall be governed by the laws of the state of either Illinois or Missouri, in the United States of America, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. You consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in either Madison County in the state of Illinois, or St. Louis County, in the state of Missouri, in all questions and controversies arising out of your use of the website, mobile application, or materials and interpretation of these Terms and Conditions.

Termination
The Ameren Sites and this Agreement are in effect until terminated by you or Ameren. Ameren may terminate this Agreement by notifying you using any contact information Ameren has about you or by posting such termination on an Ameren Site, including in your account. You may terminate this Agreement by providing written notice of termination, including your detailed contact information and any account information or other Ameren Site credentials, to Ameren using the information in the "Contact Us" section. In addition to any right or remedy that may be available to Ameren under applicable law, Ameren may suspend, limit, or terminate all or a portion of your access to an Ameren Site or any of its features at any time with or without notice and with or without cause, including without limitation, if Ameren believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of this Agreement. Ameren may be protected for liability from these actions under the Communications Decency Act, 47 U.S.C. § 230.



