Terms of Use
Welcome to the Ann Taylor website, which is operated and controlled by Premium Brands Opco LLC (“Ann Taylor”). Please read the below terms carefully, because your use of the Site or other Ann Taylor digital experience (the “Site”) constitutes your agreement to these Terms of Use. THESE TERMS OF USE INCLUDE A CLASS ACTION WAIVER AND A JURY TRIAL WAIVER, WHICH ARE SET FORTH BELOW. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you should not access or use the Site. Ann Taylor, in its sole discretion and without notice to you, reserves the right to make changes to the Site and to these Terms of Use from time to time. When we make changes, we will post them here. You may wish to check this section from time to time, because by visiting the Site, you agree to accept any such changes.

Ann Taylor grants you permission to view this Site and to download and print individual pages from this Site and, if applicable, to order products from this Site for your own personal, noncommercial use, provided that you agree to and accept without modification the notices, terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. You may not modify, copy (except as set forth in the preceding sentence), distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any information, material, software, products or services from this Site. No right title or interest in any downloaded materials is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading, copying or printing.

Your use of this Site constitutes your agreement and acceptance without modification of the notices, terms and conditions set forth herein. If you do not agree and accept without modification the notices, terms and conditions set forth herein, do not use this Site. Your failure to follow these rules, whether listed herein or in bulletins posted at various points in the Site, may result in suspension or termination of your access to the Site, without notice, in addition to Ann Taylor’s other remedies.

Merchandise Availability
Ann Taylor prides itself in providing exclusive, quality merchandise. Availability of merchandise may vary at Ann Taylor Stores and on anntaylor.com. Some featured items may be available only in limited quantities or only while supplies last. Once an item is out of stock, we will attempt to remove the item promptly from display on anntaylor.com. Display of an item on anntaylor.com is not a guarantee that the item is currently in stock or that it will be available on our website when you visit again. If you are unable to locate a particular item that caught your attention on a previous visit to our website or if you have any questions concerning the availability of a particular item, please contact our Client Services group at clientservices@anntaylor.com. We will make every effort to fulfill your requests whenever possible.

Merchandise Display
Ann Taylor makes every reasonable effort to display its merchandise on anntaylor.com as accurately as possible. Unfortunately, various factors, including the display and color capabilities of your computer monitor or device screen, may significantly affect what you actually see. Ann Taylor is not responsible for the display of any color, texture or detail of its merchandise on your computer or device and cannot guarantee the accuracy thereof. However, if you are dissatisfied with any item you purchase from anntaylor.com, you may return or exchange it in accordance with our Return Policy. For more information regarding Ann Taylor’s return and exchange policy and procedures, please visit the Customer Service page on our website, and then click on the "Return Policy" tab.

Site Transactions/Order Acceptance
We do not authorize the purchase of our merchandise for resale purposes. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors. To enforce this policy, we may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event we make a change to or cancel an order, we will attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made.

Please note that there may be certain orders that we are unable to accept and must cancel. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any order for any reason. We may also require additional verifications or information before accepting any order. We will contact you if all or any portion of your order is canceled or if additional information is required to accept your order. If your order is canceled after your credit card (or other payment account) has been charged, we will issue a credit to your credit card (or other applicable payment account) in the amount of the charge.

Copyright and Trademarks
The entire content (images and text) of the Site is copyrighted and may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, posted, modified, transmitted, displayed, distributed, downloaded or otherwise used except as provided herein without the express written permission of Ann Taylor.

All Ann Taylor trademarks, trade names, service marks, service names, product names, and intellectual property, whether or not delineated in large print or with trademark symbols or in any other fashion, are trademarks and/or intellectual property of Loft Ipco LLC or its affiliates. The use (except as permitted herein) or misuse of the trademarks or any other intellectual property of Loft Ipco LLC is expressly prohibited and may be in violation of copyright, trademark, slander or libel laws, privacy law and publicity and communications regulations and statutes. Loft Ipco LLC actively and aggressively enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.

Your Account
When and if you use the Site, it shall be your sole responsibility to maintain the confidentiality of your e-mail address, password and any other account identifiers related to any personal account you created on the Site (the "Account"), and for restricting access to your computer(s). You also agree to accept sole responsibility for any and all activity that occurs under your Account.

User Submissions
Any comments, suggestions, ideas, materials and other submissions ("User Submissions") that you send to Ann Taylor are provided on a non-confidential basis. By submitting User Submissions, you are granting Ann Taylor an irrevocable, royalty-free, perpetual, worldwide, and fully sublicenseable license to reproduce, publish, modify, adapt, translate, create derivative works from, and otherwise use in whole or in part your User Submissions for any purpose in any media, whether now known or hereafter invented, for any purpose (including for commercial or promotional purposes). You grant Ann Taylor the right to use your name and likeness in connection with any such use of User Submissions made by you, but we will not be obligated to identify you in connection with any such use. You also agree that we will be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in any User Submissions for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products which incorporate or otherwise rely upon that information, without notifying or providing any further compensation to you.

You agree that no User Submission made by you to the Site will violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary rights. You further agree that no User Submissions made by you to the Site will be or contain material that is false, misleading, libelous, unlawful, abusive, indecent, or obscene. You agree that you will remain responsible for the content of any User Submissions you make.

We may review, remove, reject, or revise User Submissions at any time, without prior notice, and in our sole discretion. We may remove, reject, or revise content that we believe violates these Terms of Use, is otherwise objectionable, or for any other reason without prior notice.

Notices of Claimed Copyright Infringement
We respect the intellectual property rights of others, and require that the people who use the Site do the same. We also maintain a policy that provides for the termination in appropriate circumstances of the use privileges of users who are repeat infringers of intellectual property rights. Accordingly, you may not store any material or content on, or disseminate any material or content over, the Site in any manner that constitutes an infringement of third party intellectual property rights, including rights granted by U.S. copyright law. Owners of copyrighted works who believe that their rights under U.S. copyright law have been infringed may take advantage of certain provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") to report alleged infringements. If you believe in good faith that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please forward the following information (or any statement in conformance with the DMCA) to our Copyright Agent whose contact information is provided below:

Your name, address, telephone number, and email address;
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
A description of the allegedly infringing material and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that is allegedly infringed; and
A statement by you that the above information in your notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
Copyright Agent:

Attention: Legal Department

112 Heritage Drive

Pataskala, Ohio 43062

Email: copyright@anntaylor.com

Links to Other Websites
When you access a non-Ann Taylor website, please realize that it is independent of Ann Taylor. Linking to any off-site pages is at your own risk. Ann Taylor makes no warranties or representations about any non-Ann Taylor website and has no responsibility for such websites or their content. In addition, certain third party sites may also provide links to Ann Taylor websites. None of such links should be deemed to imply that Ann Taylor endorses such third party sites or any content therein.

By accessing the Site, each user also agrees not to use the Site to post or transmit any offensive, harmful, unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, abusive, hateful, inflammatory, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate the security of the Ann Taylor websites or would otherwise violate the law. Ann Taylor reserves the right to take such action as it deems appropriate in cases where Ann Taylor websites are used to disseminate such materials.

Your Right to Use the Site
You are authorized to use the Site only for personal, non-commercial purposes. You may download or copy the content displayed on the Site for your personal use only. No right, title or interest in any downloaded materials or software is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying.

By accessing the Site, you agree not to use the Site in any way that is prohibited by these Terms of Use, including by using the Site in a way that is illegal or could give rise to civil liability or that could violate the security of Ann Taylor's websites or otherwise cause injury to Ann Taylor or any other party. Ann Taylor reserves the right to take such action as it deems appropriate in cases where Ann Taylor websites are used to disseminate such materials. For example, and without limitation, you may not.

engage in unauthorized spidering, "scraping," or harvesting of content, or use any other unauthorized automated means to compile content or information;
take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our network or infrastructure;
use any device, software, or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any activity conducted on the Site or attempt to probe, scan, test the vulnerability of, or breach the security of any system or network;
attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse-engineer any of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of the Site; or
engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits any person from using or enjoying the Site, or that, in our sole judgment, exposes us or any of our users, affiliates,
Ann Taylor reserves the right to take such action as it deems appropriate to enforce its rights under these Terms of Use. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. Ann Taylor may investigate and work with law enforcement authorities to prosecute users who violate the Terms of Use.

Pricing
 Prices displayed on Ann Taylor.com are quoted in U.S. currency and are valid and effective only in the United States. Prices are subject to change at any time.

Information Accuracy
Ann Taylor will use reasonable efforts to include accurate and current information on the Site, but there may be occasions when information on the Site contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, availability and other matters. Ann Taylor reserves the right to correct any errors and to update Site information at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order). We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you. If you are dissatisfied with your online purchase from the Site, you may return or exchange it in accordance with our Return Policy. For more information regarding Ann Taylor’s return and exchange policy and procedures, please visit the Customer Service page on our website, and then click on the "Return Policy" tab.

Privacy Policy
Our use of personal information is governed by our Privacy Policy and your provision of personal information to us constitutes your acknowledgment of and acceptance of our Privacy Policy.

International Use
We control and operate the Site from the United States, and all information is processed within the United States. We do not represent that materials on the Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. You agree to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations in connection with your use of the Site. It is possible that some software that may be downloaded from the Site is subject to government export control or other restrictions. By visiting and using our Site, you acknowledge these restrictions and agree that either you are not subject to them or you will comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States.

Indemnity and Limitation of Liability
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Ann Taylor, its directors, officers, employees, agents and affiliates harmless from any and all claims, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, if any materials you post on or through the Site result in a third party claim that any information or material you provide infringes a third party proprietary right.



Ann Taylor shall not be liable for any damages of any kind related to your use of the Site or its content, exceeding an amount equal to the amount you have paid Ann Taylor in connection with the transaction(s) that underlie the Dispute(s), or Fifty United States Dollars ($50.00), whichever is greater. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.

Dispute Resolution/ Class-Action Waiver/ Jury Trial Waiver/ Choice of Law
Any legal dispute between you and Ann Taylor concerning or arising out of these Terms of Use and/or your use of the Site, any products or services sold or distributed through the Site, your participation in any program or service provided by Ann Taylor, or any other dispute of any nature, shall be resolved on an individual basis in court or small claims court only (hereafter, “Dispute Resolution Agreement”). However, either you or Ann Taylor may bring any individual claim in small claims court consistent with the jurisdictional and dollar limits that may apply, as long as it is brought and maintained as an individual claim.

Waiver of Right to Bring Class Action, Jury Trial, and Representative Claims
All lawsuits shall proceed on an individual basis. The judge is empowered to resolve the dispute with the same remedies available in court, however, any relief must be individualized to you and shall not affect any other customer. You and Ann Taylor also agree that each may bring claims against the other in court only in your or their respective individual capacities and in so doing you and Ann Taylor hereby waive the right to a trial by jury, to assert or participate in a class action lawsuit or class action arbitration, to assert or participate in a private attorney general lawsuit or private attorney general arbitration, and to assert or participate in any joint or consolidated lawsuit or joint or consolidated arbitration of any kind. If a court decides that applicable law precludes enforcement of any of this paragraph’s limitations as to a particular cause of action, then that cause of action (and only that cause of action) must remain in court and be severed.

Other Terms & Information
This Dispute Resolution Agreement shall be governed by, and interpreted, construed, and enforced in accordance with applicable federal law. To the extent state law applies to any aspect of these Terms of Use, or to any disputes and claims that are covered by the Dispute Resolution Agreement, the law of the State of New York will govern. Except as set forth above, if any portion of this Dispute Resolution Agreement is deemed invalid or unenforceable, it will not invalidate the remaining portions of the Dispute Resolution Agreement.

Miscellaneous
This Agreement shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflict of law provisions. The waiver of any provision of the Agreement shall not be considered a waiver of any other provision or of Ann Taylor's right to require strict observance of each of the terms herein. If any provision of the Agreement is deemed to be illegal or unenforceable the remainder of the Agreement shall be unaffected and shall continue to be fully valid, binding, and enforceable. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between us relating to your use of the Site.

Termination
Ann Taylor may terminate this Agreement and deny you access to the Site at any time, immediately and without notice, if in Ann Taylor's sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or condition of this Agreement.

Terms and Conditions for Text Alerts & Order Alerts
Terms and Conditions for Ann Taylor Order Alerts Text Message Program

Your use of this Ann Taylor Mobile Now text message service (the "Service") constitutes your agreement to these terms and conditions. Our website Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy also apply to your use of the Service. We may amend these terms, and modify or cancel the Service or any of its features without notice. We do not charge for the Service, but you are responsible for all charges and fees associated with text messaging imposed by your mobile operator. Message and data rates may apply.

If you have opted-in, Ann Taylor provides alerts, information, promotions, specials, and other marketing offers via text messages through your wireless provider to the mobile number you provided. You will receive recurring messages each month. You may need to confirm your consent, such as by following the instructions contained in an initial text message we send. Messages may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system and using SMS technology. You understand that consent to receive such text messages is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or services.
 
You agree to provide us with a valid mobile number. If you change your mobile phone number, you agree to opt out of the Services prior to changing your mobile number.
 
By signing up for SMS, you agree to receive recurring special offers and marketing text messages. Messages may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system. Consent to receive text messages is not required as a condition of any purchase. Text STOP to 84814 to cancel at any time. You’ll receive a one-time opt-out text message. For more information, send HELP to 84814 or text 800-342-5266 (TTY Support Available). The wireless carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
 
The mobile operators participating in this campaign include, but are not limited to AT&T, Sprint, Virgin Mobile, T-Mobile, MetroPCS (GSM), U.S. Cellular, and Verizon Wireless. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. If your mobile operator is not participating, you will not receive a reply to your messages. Some operators may not support some services at the process offered. Pre-paid users may not be able to participate. Please check with your mobile operator.
 
 You must be the mobile account holder and at least 18 years of age or have a parent or guardian's permission in order to participate.
 
 Your use of the Service constitutes your agreement to these terms and conditions and the Terms and Conditions of our website.
 
 You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold us harmless from any third party claims, liability, damages or costs arising from your use of the Service or from you providing us with a phone number that is not your own. You agree that we will not be liable for failed, delayed, or misdirected delivery of, any information sent through the Service; any errors in such information; any action you may or may not take in reliance on the information or service.
 
 For additional support contact Customer Service: 800-342-5266 (TTY Support Available)
 

ANN TAYLOR Mobile Insider, Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions

Your use of the Ann Taylor Mobile Insider text message service ("Service") constitutes your agreement to these terms and conditions. Our website Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy also apply to your use of the Service. We may amend these terms, and modify or cancel the Service or any of its features without notice. Ann Taylor does not charge for the Services, but you are responsible for all charges and fees associated with text messaging imposed by your mobile operator. Message and Data Rates May Apply. Text messages may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system and using SMS technology. Your consent to receive text messages is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or services. If you have opted-in, Ann Taylor provides alerts, information, promotions, specials, and other marketing offers via text messages through your wireless provider to the mobile number you provided. You may receive multiple marketing messages per month. You may need to confirm your consent, such as by following the instructions contained in an initial text message we send. Text STOP to 84814 to cancel at any time. You'll receive a one-time opt-out text message. After that you will not receive any future text messages. For more information, send HELP to 84814 or contact us at 800-342-5266 (TTY Support Available). The wireless carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.

You agree to provide us with a valid mobile number. If you change your mobile phone number, you agree to opt out of the Services prior to changing your mobile number.

You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold us harmless from any third party claims, liability, damages or costs arising from your use of the Service or from you providing us with a phone number that is not your own.

You agree that we will not be liable for failed, delayed, or misdirected delivery of any information sent through the Service; any errors in such information; and/or any action you may or may not take in reliance on the information or Service.

Last Updated
Updated February 10, 2025
 
Copyright 2025 Ann Taylor

All Rights Reserved. Ann Taylor is a trademark of LOFT Ipco LLC or its affiliates