Terms of Use
TERMS OF USE
ANTHROPOLOGIE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Last Updated: November 25, 2025

Welcome to the Anthropologie website or mobile website (collectively, the “Site”). URBN US Retail LLC (“Anthropologie,” “we” or “our”) provides this Site as a service to its customers. Please review the following rules that govern and apply to all visitors to, and users of, our Site (the “Terms and Conditions”). These Terms and Conditions contain a mandatory dispute resolution provision, available here, that includes a binding arbitration provision, class action waiver, and jury trial waiver that affect your rights. The dispute resolution provision requires that disputes be resolved in individual arbitration or small claims court proceedings. Please review these terms carefully.
1. YOUR USE OF THE SITE

Please note that by using this Site you: (i) agree to be legally bound by these Terms and Conditions, (ii) acknowledge that you have read and understand these Terms and Conditions, and (iii) represent that you are of legal age in your jurisdiction to enter into a binding agreement. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, do not use this Site. Although you may “bookmark” a particular portion of this Site and thereby bypass these Terms and Conditions, your use of this Site still binds you to these Terms and Conditions.
We reserve the right to update or modify these Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice by updating this page. Your use of the Site following any such changes constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the Terms and Conditions as changed. For this reason, we encourage you to regularly review these Terms and Conditions.

2. ACCOUNTS AND REGISTRATION

To access certain benefits and features available through the Site, you must register for an account (“Account”). When you register for an Account, you may be required to provide us with some information about yourself, such as your name, address, email address, billing information or other contact information. You agree that the information you provide to us is accurate and that you will keep it accurate and up-to-date at all times. When you register, you may be asked to select a password. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, and you accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your Account. If you believe that your Account is no longer secure, then you should change your password and must immediately notify us by contacting customer service

3. CONTENT USAGE RESTRICTIONS

All of the content you see and hear on the Site, including, for example, all of the page headers, images, illustrations, graphics, audio clips, video clips, text, software, HTML code and all other materials and elements that appear as part of the Site (collectively, the “Content”) are subject to U.S. and international trademark, service mark, trade dress, copyright and other intellectual property rights or licenses held or owned by Anthropologie, one of its affiliates, or by third parties who have licensed their materials to Anthropologie. Subject to your compliance with these Terms and Conditions, and to the exclusions set forth in the next paragraph, we provide you with a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to access and make personal and non-commercial use of our Content solely for purposes of browsing the Site and purchasing our products and services. You may not: (i) copy, reproduce, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, display, post, modify, create derivative works from, sell, license, allow others to copy, or otherwise exploit the Site or any of the Content for yourself or for the benefit of any third party; (ii) access or use the Site or the Content for any competitive or commercial purpose; (iii) modify any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notice or disclaimer on the Site or included with the Content; or (iv) frame, in-line link or otherwise associate or link the Site or Content with content or information not originating from the Site. Any violation of this Section 3 is strictly prohibited. We may revoke this limited license at any time for any or no reason. We will enforce our intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law. At Anthropologie, we take pride in our brand and do not condone and will not tolerate any unauthorized use of our trademarks, trade names, logos, names and trade dress (collectively, the “Our Trademarks”). ANTHROPOLOGIE is a federally registered trademark and protected by U.S. federal and state trademark laws and international laws and treaties. Anthropologie and our affiliated companies retain all rights regarding Our Trademarks. No license for the use of Our Trademarks is granted to you under these Terms and Conditions or by your use of the Site. Unauthorized use of Our Trademarks in any manner is strictly prohibited.

4. USER COMMENTS

From time to time, you may provide us with comments, feedback, suggestions, ideas, questions, text prompts, submissions or other communications (collectively, “Comments”). As between you and Anthropologie, all Comments disclosed, submitted, provided or offered to Anthropologie on or through this Site or to Anthropologie or its affiliates, shall be Anthropologie’s property. Such disclosure, submission, provision or offer of any Comments shall constitute an assignment to Anthropologie of all worldwide right, title and interest in such Comments, such that, as between you and Anthropologie, Anthropologie shall exclusively own all such right, title and interest in such Comments, and Anthropologie shall not be limited in any way in their use, commercial or otherwise. To the extent the foregoing assignment is not possible, you hereby grant Anthropologie a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully paid-up, non-exclusive, transferable license to use, modify, reproduce, transmit, display and distribute such Comments for any purpose. For clarity, Anthropologie shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any Comments you send to us for any purpose, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information. Anthropologie is and shall be under no obligation (i) to keep any Comments confidential; (ii) to pay any user any compensation for any Comments; or (iii) to respond to any user Comments. To the extent you do not have the appropriate rights in your Comments to comply with this Section 4, do not provide us with your Comments.

5. USER GENERATED CONTENT

You may voluntarily upload and post content on the Site, which content may include data, text, images, photographs, social media handles and videos (collectively, “User Generated Content”). You hereby grant Anthropologie and our licensees (e.g., third-party service providers who provide content management services) (collectively with us, the “Licensees”) a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully paid-up, non-exclusive, transferable license to use any User Generated Content you provide to us through the Site or otherwise. The Licensees may use, display, reproduce, distribute, transmit, create derivative works from, combine with other materials, alter or edit your User Generated Content in any manner in their sole discretion, with no obligation to you whatsoever. You grant the Licensees the right to use your username, real name, image, likeness, caption, location, or other identifying information in connection with any use of your User Generated Content. You understand and agree: (i) that you are entirely responsible for the User Generated Content you provide, (ii) that such User Generated Content may be accessed and viewed by others, including by the general public, (iii) whether or not such User Generated Content is published, Licensees do not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any User Generated Content, and (iv) that Licensees do not make any representations or warranties with respect to any User Generated Content that they may make available or otherwise use. By posting and uploading any User Generated Content to our Site, or to social media that you have tagged with @anthropologie, @anthropologieeu, @anthropologiehome, @anthropologieweddings and/or other Anthropologie brand profile tags or hashtags, you grant to the Licensees a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully-paid, non-exclusive, transferable license to use your Anthropologie-tagged User Generated Content in any manner to be determined in Anthropologie’s sole discretion, including but not limited to sharing on the Site or our other webpages or social media pages operated by Anthropologie, and in our other marketing, promotional and advertising initiatives, in any media now or hereafter known. You waive any right to inspect or approve any materials in which Anthropologie may eventually use your User Generated Content and understand that we may crop, shape, or otherwise adjust any User Generated Content in our sole discretion. We reserve the right to determine in our sole discretion whether User Generated Content is appropriate; whether it complies with these Terms and Conditions, our standards, and applicable law; and whether it may be posted or removed. You hereby represent and warrant that (a) you own all rights in and to your User Generated Content, (b) you have permission from all person(s) appearing in your User Generated Content to grant the rights granted herein, and (c) the Licensees use of your User Generated Content as described herein will not violate the rights of any third party or any law. You hereby release, discharge and agree to hold Anthropologie, the Licensees and our directors, officers, employees, agents and affiliates, and any other person or entity acting on our behalf, harmless from all claims and any liability related in any way to the Licensees use of your User Generated Content and your name, likeness, voice and biographical information (to the extent applicable). If you believe your rights are infringed by any User Generated Content embedded or referenced on the Site, please notify Anthropologie pursuant to the DMCA Notice & Take-down Procedure set forth below.

You acknowledge and agree that no Comments or User Generated Content submitted by you to the Site: (1) will violate any applicable laws or copyright, trademark, privacy or other intellectual property or proprietary rights(s) of any third party; (2) will be or contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material; or (3) will encourage activity or conduct that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, libelous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable. You are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any Comments you make and User Generated Content that you provide. Any personal information you provide to Anthropologie through the Site, including through Comments or User Generated Content, shall be subject to our Privacy Policy.

6. PROHIBITED USES OF THE SITE

In connection with your use of the Site, including any rights granted hereunder, you will not: (a) use the Site for any illegal or unlawful purpose or in violation of any local, state, national, or international law, or encourage conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability; (b) harass, threaten, demean, embarrass, or otherwise harm any other user of the Site; (c) violate, misappropriate or infringe, or encourage others violate, misappropriate or infringe, any copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property, privacy, or publicity right of any third party; (d) interfere with security-related features of the Site, including by: (i) disabling or circumventing features that prevent or limit use or copying of any content; or (ii) reverse engineering or otherwise attempting to discover the source code of any portion of the Site except to the extent that the activity is expressly permitted by applicable law; (e) use any data mining, robots, data or web scraping, or similar data gathering and extraction tools, including with respect to training data for, or otherwise gathering data in connection with, any artificial intelligence model, tool or program; (f) interfere with the operation of the Site or any user’s enjoyment of the Site, including by: (i) uploading or otherwise disseminating any virus, adware, spyware, worm, or other malicious code; (ii) making any unsolicited offer or advertisement to another user of the Service; (iii) collecting personal information about another user or third party without consent; or (iv) interfering with or disrupting any network, equipment, or server connected to or used to provide the Site; (g) perform any fraudulent activity including impersonating any person or entity, claiming a false affiliation, accessing any other Site account without permission, or falsifying your age or date of birth; (h) engage in any behavior that is unlawful, threatening, harassing, abusive, defamatory, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, hateful, profane, indecent, racially or ethnically derogatory, or otherwise objectionable; or exhibit any conduct that, in our judgment, restricts, impairs, interferes or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying the Site and/or our related services and products; or (i) post, submit, input, transmit, redistribute, upload, or promote any communications, text prompts, Comments or User Generated Content or other materials in violation of any of the foregoing restrictions.

7. DMCA NOTICE & TAKE-DOWN PROCEDURE

The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the “DMCA”) provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. Without limiting the foregoing, if you believe in good faith that your work has been copied and posted on the Site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you (or your agent) may provide our Copyright Agent a notice at the address listed below requesting that we remove the material or block access to it, but you must include the following information: (i) identification of the copyrighted work that you believe to be infringed, a description of the work, and where possible, a copy or the location (e.g., URL) of an authorized version of the work; (ii) identification of the content you believe to be infringing and a description of the content and its location on the Site, and any information reasonably sufficient to permit Anthropologie to locate the same; (iii) Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as your address, telephone number, and e-mail address; (iv) a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use of the work is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law, including the law of fair use; (v) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf; and (vi) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the exclusive owner of the copyright interest that is allegedly infringing. The Copyright Agent for Anthropologie for notice of claims of copyright infringement is DMCA Designated Agent who can be reached as follows:
by e-mail at DMCA_NOTICE@anthropologie.com
by telephone at (215) 454-5500
by mail at 5000 South Broad Street, Philadelphia, PA 19112.]

8. PRICING POLICY

At Anthropologie, our commitment is to offer convenience, service, and product availability online at compelling prices every day, with certain limited time offerings of merchandise at promotional prices. While merchandise offered on the Site will usually be priced the same as merchandise offered at our affiliate Anthropologie stores, in some cases, Anthropologie stores may have different prices or promotional events at different times.

9. PAYMENTS

By providing your credit card information, you allow Anthropologie to charge your card for future payments. By making a purchase from our Site, you understand and agree that we may share information about you and your transaction with other companies for the purpose of processing your transaction, including fraud prevention, vendor direct shipping and credit card authorization.

10. PRODUCTS

Product Modifications and Variations All features, specifications, products and prices of products and services described or provided on this Site are subject to change at any time without prior notice to you. The inclusion of any products or services on this Site does not imply or warrant that these products or services will be available over the internet or in each of our stores at any particular time. We reserve the right, without prior notice to you, to limit the order quantity on any product and to refuse service to any customer. We make no representation as to the completeness, accuracy, or currency of any information on this Site. We have done our best to display as accurately as possible the colors of the products shown on the Site. However, because the colors you see will depend on your device, we cannot guarantee that your device’s display of any color will be accurate. Correction of Errors and Inaccuracies From time to time, the information of the Site may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies and may not be complete or current. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change and update information on the Site at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order). We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you. If you are not fully satisfied with your Anthropologie purchase you may return it with the original Anthropologie packing receipt in accordance with our Return Policy. In the event an Anthropologie product is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical error or systems error, Anthropologie shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for any product listed at the incorrect price. Anthropologie reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, Anthropologie shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price. Anthropologie shall have no liability for any refused or cancelled orders.

11. TERMINATION

If you violate any provision of these Terms and Conditions, we may, at our sole discretion, terminate these Terms and Conditions, or suspend or terminate your access to the Site, at any time for any reason or no reason, with or without notice. In the event of a violation of these Terms and Conditions, we reserve the right to seek all remedies available by law and in equity.

Survival

In addition to any other provisions which, by their terms, survive any termination or expiration of these Terms and Conditions, the following sections shall survive termination of these Terms and Conditions: (i) the provisions relating to Anthropologie’s intellectual property rights (Sections 3 and 4, except with respect to any license granted to you hereunder), (ii) dispute resolution (Section 18), (iii) disclaimer (Section 13) and (iv) limitation of liability (Section 14). For clarity, any payment obligations you have to us that accrued prior to termination will also survive.

12. NOTICE

Anthropologie may deliver notice to you by means of electronic mail, a general notice on the site, or by written communication delivered by first class U.S. mail to your address on record in Anthropologie account information.

13. DISCLAIMER

THIS SITE AND ALL CONTENT ON THE SITE ARE PROVIDED TO OUR CUSTOMERS AND PROSPECTIVE CUSTOMERS ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. ANTHROPOLOGIE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, RELATING TO THE SITE AND CONTENT, INCLUDING (A) ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT; AND (B) ANY WARRANTY ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE, OR TRADE. ANTHROPOLOGIE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE OR ANY PORTION OF THE SITE, OR ANY CONTENT OFFERED THROUGH THE SITE, WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, OR FREE OF ERRORS, VIRUSES, OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, AND ANTHROPOLOGIE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT ANY OF THOSE ISSUES WILL BE CORRECTED.
THE LIMITATIONS, EXCLUSIONS AND DISCLAIMERS IN THIS SECTION APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION. Company does not disclaim any warranty or other right that Company is prohibited from disclaiming under applicable law. You acknowledge that, by your use of the Site, your use is at your sole risk. If you are located outside the United States you are responsible for ensuring your use of the Site complies with the local laws in your geographic region.
You understand and acknowledge that, pursuant to Section 230 of the Federal Communications Decency Act, providers of interactive computer services shall not be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider.

14. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL ANTHROPOLOGIE, OUR AFFILIATES OR LICENSORS, TOGETHER WITH OUR AND THEIR RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND SHAREHOLDERS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF REVENUE, INCOME OR PROFITS, LOSS OF USE OR DATA, OR DAMAGES FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) (COLLECTIVELY, “DAMAGES”), ARISING FROM OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE USE OF THE SITE, THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, OUR PRIVACY POLICY, OR ANTHROPOLOGIE TEXT MESSAGE PROGRAM, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, SIMPLE NEGLIGENCE, WHETHER ACTIVE, PASSIVE OR IMPUTED), OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY (EVEN IF ANTHROPOLOGIE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE). TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, ANTHROPOLOGIE, OUR AFFILIATES OR LICENSORS, TOGETHER WITH OUR AND THEIR RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND SHAREHOLDERS COLLECTIVE AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCE IS LIMITED TO THE LESSER OF (A) THE AGGREGATE OF ALL AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO ANTHROPOLOGIE FOR PRODUCTS DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE FIRST CLAIM OR (B) $250.

CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THESE LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DAMAGES; AS A RESULT, THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY CONTAINED HEREIN MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU IN WHOLE OR IN PART.

15. INDEMNIFICATION

Except to the extent prohibited under applicable law, you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Anthropologie and our past, present and future parent, affiliates and subsidiaries, together with our officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers from and against all claims, demands, actions, liabilities, losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorney’s fees, arising out of or resulting from (i) any violation or alleged violation of these Terms and Conditions, (ii) your use or misuse (including by any other person accessing the Site using your account) of the Site or any goods and services available or purchased on or through the Site, (iii) any Comments or User Generated Content you provide, and (iv) your violation of any law, rule, regulation or rights of others in connection with your use of the Site. You shall not settle any such claim without our prior written consent. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you (without limiting your indemnification obligations with respect to that matter), and in that case, you agree to cooperate in connection with the defense of those claims.

16. THIRD-PARTY LINKS

In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Anthropologie may choose various third-party web sites to link to from our own site. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Anthropologie, Anthropologie has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Anthropologie. Anthropologie has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. These linked web sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Any information you share with or actions you take on third-party web sites are governed by the applicable third-party web site’s terms of use and privacy policy, which you should review carefully.

17. AI-Powered Features

17.1 Interactions with AI Features: We may offer various AI-powered features, including chatbots, personalized product recommendations, and visual search tools (collectively, "AI Features"). When you interact with or use these AI Features, you agree that your conversations, searches, images, and any other information you provide ("User Content") may be collected and stored to operate and improve our services.

17.2 Use of User Content: Your User Content may be used to enhance the functionality and accuracy of our AI Features, to personalize your experience, and for other business purposes, such as product development and internal analytics. We may also use User Content to train and improve the underlying AI models that power these features.

17.3 Data Sharing with Third Parties and Service Providers: We may share your User Content with Service Providers who assist us with the operation, development, and maintenance of our AI Features. These Service Providers are contractually prohibited from using your User Content for any purpose other than providing the contracted services. We may also share aggregated or de-identified data with third parties for analytical or business purposes, which cannot be used to identify you.

17.4 AI-Generated Content: Our websites and apps may display content generated by artificial intelligence, including, but not limited to, product images on AI-generated models or entirely virtual product images. This content is provided for illustrative purposes only.

17.5 Disclaimers and Limitations: The AI Features are provided "as is" and "as available." They may not be entirely accurate, complete, or error-free. You should not rely on information or recommendations from these AI Features for making significant decisions. We are not liable for any actions you take based on the use of our AI Features.

17.6 No Automated Legal Decisions: Our AI Features do not make automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. All decisions related to your account, eligibility for programs, or financial matters are made by human review.

17.7 User Responsibilities: You are responsible for the User Content you provide. You agree not to submit any content that is illegal, defamatory, obscene, or violates the rights of any third party. You also agree not to provide highly sensitive personal information, such as financial account numbers, medical information, or Social Security numbers to our AI Features.

18. DISPUTE RESOLUTION

(DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCESS; ARBITRATION PROVISION; CLASS ACTION WAIVER; JURY TRIAL WAIVER; GOVERNING LAW AND FORUM)
These Terms and Conditions are subject to the dispute resolution provisions (dispute resolution process; arbitration provision; class action waiver; jury trial waiver; governing law and forum) available here.

19. MISCELLANEOUS

These Terms and Conditions and any other agreements expressly incorporated by reference into these Terms and Conditions, are the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between you and Anthropologie regarding your use of the Site and purchase of our products and merchandise through the Site. You may not assign or transfer these Terms and Conditions or your rights under these Terms and Conditions, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, without our prior written consent. We may assign these Terms and Conditions at any time without notice or consent. The failure to require performance of any provision will not affect our right to require performance at any other time after that, nor will a waiver by us of any breach or default of these Terms and Conditions, or any provision of these Terms and Conditions, be a waiver of any subsequent breach or default or a waiver of the provision itself. Use of section headers in these Terms and Conditions is for convenience only and will not have any impact on the interpretation of any provision. Throughout these Terms and Conditions the use of the word “including” means “including but not limited to.” Except as otherwise provided herein, if any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, the unenforceable part will be given effect to the greatest extent possible, and otherwise shall be deemed severable from these Terms and Conditions, and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

Notice to California Residents. If you are a California resident, under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, you may contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs in writing at 1625 N. Market Blvd., Suite S-202, Sacramento, California 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210 in order to resolve a complaint regarding the Site or to receive further information regarding use of the Site.

ANTHROPERKS

US LOYALTY PROGRAM TERMS AND CONDITIONS (“TERMS”)

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY. BY REGISTERING FOR AND PARTICIPATING IN ANTHROPERKS, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS DESCRIBED HEREIN AND ALL TERMS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THESE TERMS, DO NOT REGISTER FOR ANTHROPERKS.
The Program
1.1 AnthroPerks (“Program”) is a loyalty program that offers benefits to members when they interact and engage with Anthropologie. The Program is free to join.

Membership Eligibility and Overview
2.1 The Program is offered at the sole discretion of URBN US RETAIL LLC, 5000 South Broad Street, Philadelphia PA 19112-1495 (“Anthropologie,” “Anthro,” “AnthroGroup,” “we,” “our” or “us”). We are the promoter of the Program. The Program is available to individuals for their personal use only and is limited to one account per individual. Individuals who are legal residents of the United States and who are age 13 years or older and who provide and maintain a valid email address are eligible to become members. No purchase is necessary. We may refuse to create an account for any reason. Employees and individuals employed by us or by our business partners or vendors are eligible for membership for personal use only but may be excluded from certain benefits of the Program in our sole but reasonable discretion.
2.2 By joining the Program and becoming a Program member, you (individually and collectively, “you” or “Member”), agree that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by these Terms and by any changes or modifications we may make from time to time. (We will reflect the last date of any update at the top of the page of these Terms.) You also agree to be bound by our Privacy Policy and the terms and conditions of the Anthropologie App and the Anthropologie website, all of which are incorporated herein by this reference. This Subsection 2.2 is subject to the provisions of Subsection 7.1 of this Program.
2.3 You should review these Terms and the related policies and our FAQs frequently to understand the terms and conditions that apply to the Program as they may change from time to time. These Terms do not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other agreement you may have with us, including any agreement for the purchase of products. If you do not agree to these Terms, our Privacy Policy, and our Terms and Conditions, you should not participate in the Program. The Program is void where prohibited by law.
Program Enrollment
3.1 Eligible individuals may enroll in the Program using their existing Anthropologie account or by creating a new one and then providing their name, email address and creating a password. If an individual joins the Program at the point of sale in-store and does not already have an existing web account, they should create one using the same email address to complete enrollment.
3.2 Once you have enrolled, you will be assigned an AnthroPerksID that is unique to you and your AnthroPerks account. Your AnthroPerks ID, registered phone number or email address is required to track in-store purchases.
3.3 You may also enroll for the Program through the Anthropologie App. The Anthropologie App is currently available for IOS devices only. Download the Anthropologie App to your mobile device and register for the Program by visiting the Account section. Use of the Anthropologie App may entail message, data and other charges from your mobile service provider. Subject to the provisions of Subsection 7.1 of this Program, we are not responsible for any data charges or other costs associated with use of the Anthropologie App. Downloading the Anthropologie App is not required to join the Program. The Anthropologie App also contains AnthroPerks ID, which can be used to track in-store purchases. You may also enroll in the AnthroPerks Program at the point of sale in store where an associate will guide you through the signup process. If you do not have an existing account under the email address provided in store, you will need to create one to utilize your AnthroPerks membership benefits. 3.4 You are solely responsible for maintaining the accuracy of your account information and for updating your account information as required on the Site or through the App.
3.4 Only one Program account should be associated with a single member and a single email address. In the event of a dispute over the identity of the member enrolled in the Program, the member will be deemed to be the authorized account holder of the email address submitted at the time of enrollment, as determined by us in our sole discretion.
Program Benefits and Details
4.1 Although shopping at Anthropologie may make you eligible for certain exclusive rewards, no purchase is necessary to enjoy many of the benefits of your Program membership. Simply joining the Program will get you first looks at new product, early access during sales, invites to Perks-only events, and more.
4.2 Anthropologie will extend certain perks and privileges as described in more detail below, and additional offers that may be extended from time to time. In addition to any other requirement and/or limitation that may be communicated to Members at the time a benefit is offered, the following will apply:

New Member Welcome Offer
Members must be opted in to receive marketing communications. Offer will be issued within 15 days of enrollment and will be valid for a period of 30 days from issuance. Additional terms and conditions may apply.

Birthday Offer
Members must have a valid birthday on file with their registered Member account at least 16 days before their birthday and be opted in to receive marketing communications. Birthday offer will be issued 2 weeks before birthday and is valid for a period of 45 days from issuance. Additional terms and conditions may apply.

Other Benefits
Members may receive early or exclusive access to sales, offers, products, and special events at Anthropologie stores or websites.
At our sole discretion, we may offer you special benefits. These offers are subject to the terms and conditions presented with each offer. If you do not use your benefit within the specified time frame, such benefit shall expire. We are under no obligation to provide an alternative in the event you do not exercise your benefit. Unless otherwise stated, offers may not be combined.
4.3 AnthroPerks benefits provided through the Program have no monetary value and are non-transferable, and are awarded at our sole discretion. You have no property rights in or to Program benefits. Products or services received as benefits cannot be exchanged or returned for another product or service or for a monetary refund. The sale, barter, transfer, or assignment of any benefits offered through the Program, other than by us, is expressly prohibited. This Subsection is subject to the provisions of Subsection 7.1 of this Program.
4.4 The offers, products and services available as AnthroPerks benefits are for personal use only and may not be sold or resold. We reserve the right, without notice, to cancel or reduce the quantity of any order to be filled and/or any products or services to be provided to you that we believe, in our sole but reasonable discretion, may result in the violation of our Terms, or which may violate English law. This Subsection is subject to the provisions of Subsection 7.1 of this Program.
4.5 We are not responsible for benefits lost or redeemed due to fraudulent activity by you or any third party. This Subsection is subject to the provisions of Subsection 7.1 of this Program.

4.6 We reserve the right to change Program benefits. Changes to the Program will be set forth in these Terms and will be effective on the date the Terms are posted to the Site (with the effective date reflected at the beginning of the Terms). Continued participation in the Program following posting of updated or modified Terms constitutes your acceptance of those Terms as so updated and modified. This Subsection is subject to the provisions of Subsection 7.1 of this Program.
Program Communications
5.1 By enrolling in the Program, you consent to receiving Anthropologie marketing e-mails.
5.2 You may opt-out of receiving Anthropologie marketing emails at any time by following the instructions provided in the email and as otherwise provided in the Privacy Policy. However, if you opt-out of Anthropologie marketing emails, you will no longer receive notifications regarding Program benefits that may be available to you. If you do not want to receive any communications from Anthropologie, please request a termination of your membership and Anthropologie account and stop participating in the Program.
Termination and Modification
6.1 The Program and its benefits are offered at our sole discretion. Except where prohibited by law, we may, in our discretion, cancel, modify, restrict or terminate these Terms and/or the Program or any aspect or feature of the Program at any time without prior notice. Changes to the Program will be set forth in these Terms and will be effective on the date the Terms are posted to the Site (with the effective date reflected at the beginning of the Terms). Continued participation in the Program following posting of updated or modified Terms constitutes your acceptance of those Terms as so updated and modified. This Subsection is subject to the provisions of Subsection 7.1 of this Program.
6.2 We reserve the right to exclude you from or to discontinue your participation in the Program and to audit your membership account at any time, in our sole but reasonable discretion. Any suspected abuse of the Program, failure to comply with any Terms, illegal activity, fraud, misrepresentation or other conduct inconsistent with these Terms and/or detrimental to us or our interests, including without limitation, any suspected illegal, fraudulent or other unauthorized use of any Program benefits, vouchers, coupons and/or offers (all as determined by us in our sole but reasonable discretion), may result in the revocation of your membership and make you ineligible for further participation in the Program. If your membership is revoked, any AnthroPerks benefits in your account will automatically expire and your access to the Program and features will automatically terminate. If we suspect illegal activity, fraud, misrepresentation, abuse or violation of these Terms, we reserve the right to take appropriate legal action. This Subsection is subject to the provisions of Subsection 7.1 of this Program.
Disclaimer of Warranties; Limitation of Liability
7.1 The laws of certain jurisdictions, do not allow the exclusion or limitation of legal warranties, conditions, representations, liability or certain damages. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the below exclusions or limitations may not apply. NOTICE TO NEW JERSEY RESIDENTS: Your rights are protected under the Truth-in-Consumer Contract, Warranty and Notice Act and New Jersey law generally. The following provisions in this Section do not apply to you and are not intended to vary, diminish or alter your rights under New Jersey law: specifically, nothing in this Program limits, varies, diminishes, affects, or otherwise voids or alters your rights under New Jersey law as they relate to limitations of liability or exculpation (including, but not limited to, limitations on indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, consequential or similar damages), dispute resolution, indemnification, venue or jurisdiction, statutes of limitation or repose periods for bringing claims, plain language requirements, representations and warranties of any type or nature (including, but not limited to conditions of merchantability, of satisfactory quality, of fitness for a particular purpose, of accuracy, of quiet enjoyment, and non-infringement), contract remedies, personal injury, tort and negligence claims, conditions of sale, fee-shifting provisions, waiver of attorney fees and/or costs, and copyright. Your rights regarding these specific provisions will be governed by New Jersey law. In the event of any conflict between this Program and New Jersey law, New Jersey law will govern.
7.2 Neither Anthropologie nor our parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, or licensors make any representations, warranties or conditions of any kind whatsoever, express or implied, in connection with these terms or the program or any of the rewards or benefits associated with the program, except to the extent such representations, warranties and conditions are not legally excludable. This subsection is subject to the provisions of subsection 7.1 of this program.
7.3 You agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, neither Anthropologie nor our parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, or licensors will be responsible (whether in contract, tort (including negligence) pre-contract or otherwise) for any (a) interruption of business; (b) access delays or access interruptions to the program; (c) data non-delivery, loss, theft, failed delivery, corruption, destruction or other modification; (d) loss or damages of any sort incurred as a result of dealings with or the presence of third party links on the site or use of any reward or benefit of the program; (e) computer viruses, system failures or malfunctions which may occur in connection with your use of the site, including during hyperlink to or from third party websites; (f) any inaccuracies or omissions in program content; or (g) events beyond our reasonable control. We make no representations, warranties or conditions that defects or errors will be corrected. Nothing in this provision shall exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or that of our servants, agents or employees. This subsection is subject to the provisions of subsection 7.1 of this program.
7.4 Further, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, neither Anthropologie nor our parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, or licensors will be liable for any economic losses (such as loss of revenues, profits, contracts, business or anticipated savings), loss of goodwill or reputation or any special or indirect losses of any kind related to the program and/or your participation therein, regardless of the form of action whether in contract, tort (including negligence) pre-contract or otherwise (other than fraudulent or negligent misrepresentations), even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages and in no event shall our maximum aggregate liability exceed two hundred and fifty dollars ($250.00). This subsection is subject to the provisions of subsection 7.1 of this program.
7.5 If you are dissatisfied with the program for any reason, termination of your membership in the program is your sole remedy. We have no other obligation, liability, or responsibility to you except as expressly required by law. This subsection is subject to the provisions of the subsection 7.1 of this program.
Indemnification
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, and subject to Subsection 7.1 of this Program, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold us, our parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, licensors, officers, directors, employees, and agents harmless for any loss, damages or costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any third party claim, action, or demand resulting from your breach of the Program or its Terms or your violation of any law, rule or regulation.
Governing Law and Disputes
Unless the laws of your jurisdiction require that those laws apply, this Program and these Terms will be governed by and construed under the substantive laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. This Section is subject to the provisions of Subsection 7.1 of this Program.
Privacy and Data Protection
The personal information collected from you in connection with the Program, including but not limited to information regarding purchases made in connection with your Program membership, will be used and disclosed to administer your participation in the Program and otherwise in accordance with the Privacy Policy.
Entire Agreement; Waiver and Survival
These Terms govern our relationship with you as it relates to the Program. You confirm that, in agreeing to accept the Terms, you have not relied on any representation except as expressly set forth in these Terms and you agree that you shall have no remedy in respect of any such representation not included in these Terms. Each provision of the Terms shall be construed as separately applying and surviving even if for any reason one or other of those provisions is held to be inapplicable or unenforceable in the circumstances. No waiver by us will be construed as a waiver of any proceeding or succeeding breach of any provision in these Terms. This Section is subject to the provisions of Subsection 7.1 of this Program.
Contact Us
For information about the Program and your membership, contact Customer Service. We are not responsible for requests or correspondence lost or delayed in the mail or over the Internet. You may also provide answers to helpful frequently answered questions in our FAQs. If you need to contact us, our company details are:

Anthropologie Registered office: 5000 South Broad Street, Philadelphia PA 19112-1495 (800) 309-2500 between the hours of 8AM-10PM ET, Monday through Friday; 8AM-9PM ET, Saturday through Sunday. Only Available in US and Canada.