Terms and Conditions | Architectural Designs
Terms & Conditions
Have questions or need help?
Contact Us
Please be certain that the plan you have selected suits your needs as all sales are final. No refunds or exchanges.
All house plans from Architectural Designs are designed to comply with the International Residential Code (IRC) and to the local codes in the area where the designer resides or where the house was built.
Every state, county or municipality will have its own building and code requirements. It is possible that your plan may need to be modified to comply with these local requirements. This is particularly true in coastal areas and those facing seismic events, extreme winds and heavy snow. If you are building in any of these areas, it is likely that a licensed structural engineer will be needed to provide the necessary calculations and additional drawings. We authorise the use of our plans conditioned on your obligation and agreement to strictly comply with all local building codes, ordinances, regulations and requirements, including permits and inspections at the time of and during construction. We recommend checking with your local building department for the most current requirements.
All pre-drawn plans from Architectural Designs do not carry a stamp from a licensed architect. If this is a requirement from your local building department, you will need to hire an architect or engineer to review and stamp the plans.
The original designer retains title and ownership of all plans. The original designer, as the Licensor, grants you, as Licensee, the right to use these plans to construct a single structure. All of our plans are protected under the Federal Copyright Act, Title XVII of the U.S. code and Chapter 37 of the Code of Federal Regulations. The plans licensed to you cannot be used or resold to another individual. These plans cannot be copied or reproduced by any means unless specifically authorised.
When you use AD, or send e-mails, text messages, and other communications from your desktop or mobile device to us, you may be communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications (including marketing communications, unless you have opted-out where applicable) from us electronically, such as e-mails, texts, mobile push notices, or notices and messages on this site or through other AD services. You agree that all notices, disclosures, agreements, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing.
Have questions or need help?
Contact Us
Find your plan
House Plans
Trending
Styles
Collections
Client Builds
Most Popular
New Arrivals
By US State
By CA Province
For builders
Builder Rewards Program
Featuring AD Plans to Your Customers
Outreach and Promotion
Builder Customer Service
Builder Pro Subscription
For Real Estate Agents
Real Estate Agent Rewards Program
Featuring AD Plans to Your Customers
Outreach and Promotion
Real Estate Agent Customer Service
Services
What's included
Plan Options
Cost to Build Report
Materials List
Modifications
Cost to Furnish
Become an AD Designer
Become an Affiliate
Photo Removal Request
Changes to Existing Orders
Walk Your Plans
Policies
Return Policy
Shipping & Delivery
Privacy Policy
Price Match Guarantee
Terms & Conditions
Copyright
FAQ
Contact Us
About
Our Story
Newsletter
Reviews
Testimonials
Blog
Contact Us
Questions about orders, plans, or anything else.
Get monthly inspiration, planning tips, and our latest house plans.
Sign Up
By subscribing, you agree to receive emails from Architectural Designs. You may unsubscribe anytime.
All house plans are copyright ©2026 by the architects and designers represented on our web site;
AD IS NOT A LICENSED ARCHITECT IN THE STATE OF CONNECTICUT