Terms & Conditions
(Updated 3rd Feb 2026)

This website is operated by Argos Limited (referred to as "Argos/we/our/us"). As user of this website (referred to as "you/your") you acknowledge that any use of this website including any transactions you make ("use/using") is subject to our terms and conditions below (which includes any other important hyper-linked sections e.g. Home delivery information, How to use this website, Returns and refunds, and Privacy policy. In addition, you will find other useful information within Customer services.

Please:

Read through these terms and conditions carefully before using this website.
Print a copy for future reference.
Also read our Privacy policy section regarding your personal information.
Note this website is intended for customers aged 18+. It is not directed at children. Subject to these terms and conditions you are authorised to view and download our website for your personal use only. Argos may change, suspend or discontinue the website at any time, including the availability of any feature, database or content. Argos may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of this website without notice or liability.
**1. General**

1.1 We reserve the right to change these terms and conditions at any time. Any such changes will take effect when posted on the website (see date at the top) and it is your responsibility to read the terms and conditions on each occasion you use this website and your continued use of the website shall signify your acceptance to be bound by the latest terms and conditions.

1.2 If you are not a consumer, you confirm that you have authority to bind any business on whose behalf you use this website.

1.3 When you use certain Argos services (including without limitation Gift list service) please read the additional information provided in connection with such services as this information will provide you with full details on how to use those services.

1.4 Certain website services will require registration and subsequent access to those services will be subject to an approved login name and password ("Password Details"). Information that you provide on this website when registering and/or placing orders must be accurate and complete. Passwords Details are accepted and may be withdrawn at our sole discretion and are exclusive to you and non-transferable and must be treated as strictly confidential at all times. In the event you have any concerns regarding your Password Details or become aware of any misuse then you must inform us immediately (see Contact Us for more information and full contact details).

1.5 You must not use our website: a) to access information which you have no legitimate reason for accessing; b) in a way which may interfere with the provision of our website to you or any other customer, including, without limitation, attempting to place orders in contravention of these terms and conditions or the law; c) If we reasonably believe you have misused our website, we may suspend or cancel your access to it and/or cancel any orders you have placed;

1.6 Access to our website may temporarily be restricted for repairs, standard maintenance or the introduction of new services.

1.7 We may change the website in any way or delete features at any time and for any reason.

1.8 We reserve the right to decline a new customer registration or order, including multiple registrations or orders, or suspend or terminate a customer's account, order, or access to all or any part of the website at any time, at our sole discretion and without notice.

1.9 Certain video games and DVDs are the subject of a legally prescribed age restriction, determined by the British Board of Film Classification. The classifications are 12, 15, and 18. The classification reflects the content of the video game or DVD (violence, language, sex, drug abuse etc). You are therefore required to confirm that you are over 18. We carry out further checks to verify your age with a registered credit reference agency and, if we are unable to verify you are over 18, we will cancel your order.

**2. Order process**

2.1 Please see the Home delivery information and How to use this website section for information on how to place an order. All orders that you place on this website will be subject to acceptance in accordance with these terms and conditions.

2.2 The 'confirmation' stage sets out the final details of your order. Following this, we will send to you an order acknowledgement email detailing the products you have ordered. Please note that this email is not an order confirmation or order acceptance from Argos. For FastTrack and Tu clothing orders the email/SMS is an acknowledgement of your order, and does not constitute acceptance.

2.3 Acceptance of your order and the completion of the contract between you and us will take place when the products ordered have been delivered to you. For Click and Collect orders, completion of the contract between you and us will take place when the products ordered have been collected from the store.

2.4 We may impose restrictions on the number of single product lines that may be ordered or fulfilled. Orders are subject to availability and at the discretion of the store. Quantities of goods supplied per order and/or per customer, including those goods on price promotion, may be limited if the order limits availability for other customers, takes in our reasonable opinion, unfair use of our offers, or creates a potential health and safety issue during delivery.

2.5 We do not file details of your order for you to subsequently access direct on this website, and therefore, please print out these terms and conditions and the order acknowledgement for your own records. If you wish to obtain specific details of your previous orders please contact us.
**3. Delivery**

3.1 This website is only for delivery of products to customers in mainland UK and Northern Ireland addresses and for smaller items we can now deliver to the Scottish Islands, Isle of Scilly Isle of Man. Where goods are delivered directly by our suppliers delivery restrictions may apply to Northern Ireland and Scottish Highlands. We cannot deliver to BFPO (British Forces Post office) addresses, or the Republic of Ireland. All goods must be signed for by an adult aged 18 years or over on delivery.

3.2 Delivery charges and estimated timescales are specified in the Home delivery information section and also when you place an order. We make every effort to deliver goods within the estimated timescales, however delays are occasionally inevitable due to unforeseen factors. Argos shall be under no liability for any delay or failure to deliver the products within estimated timescales.

3.3 Risk of loss or damage of products passes to you on the date when the products are delivered to you or are left with a person or at a place nominated by you. For the purposes of proof of delivery only, where you accept delivery personally our delivery driver may ask either for your signature or may take a photograph of the products at a distance with your door open, which may include images of you. Where you are not present to accept delivery of the products (larger and higher priced items excluded as someone must be at home to accept delivery), our delivery driver will take a photograph of the place where the products were left. All photographs will be stored in accordance with data protection legislation.

3.4 Goods will not be supplied for the purposes of re-sale, and are only supplied for your own use as a consumer. We reserve the right to refuse orders including those we consider are for commercial or non-domestic purpose. We will not supply or deliver to shipping agents or to agents who sell our goods to third parties.

3.5 Where goods are purchased by EU nationals or residents under Geoblocking Regulations, we make no warranty that the goods are suitable for use outside the UK. The goods are provided as compliant with technical, safety, labelling and other legal requirements in the place where they are sold. Where goods are subsequently exported by an EU national or resident, we accept no responsibility for damage in transit, or for any customs requirements or duty.

**4. Payment**

4.1 We take payment from your card or PayPal account including for PayPal Credit (excluding for PayPal in 3 purchases, which is referred to below) at the time we receive your order, once we have checked your card or PayPal details and stock availability. Goods are subject to availability. In the event that we are unable to supply the goods, where we have made a mistake, or we have processed your order in breach of these terms and conditions, we will inform you of this as soon as possible. A full refund will be given where you have already paid for the goods. Additional Terms and Conditions for payments made by PayPal can be found at www.paypal.co.uk (this link will open in a new window). (Argos.co.uk is not responsible for the content of external websites). For any purchase you make using Klarna, we do not take payment from you as all payments are taken from you direct by Klarna, full details on your Klarna purchases and payments can be found at help.argos.co.uk/help/argos-klarna. For any purchase you make using PayPal in 3, we do not take payment from you as all payments are taken from you direct by PayPal, full details on your PayPal in 3 purchases and payments can be found at https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/paypal-payin3/faq (this link will open in a new window). (Argos.co.uk is not responsible for the content of external websites.) For any purchase you make using PayPal Credit full details can be found at https://help.argos.co.uk/help/argos-paypal. Please note,from the 3rd February 2026 PayPay Credit will no longer be available for payment at Argos.

4.2 To ensure that your credit, debit, charge card or PayPal account is not being used without your consent, we will validate name, address and other personal information supplied by you during the order process against appropriate third party databases. By accepting these terms and conditions you consent to such checks being made. In performing these checks personal information provided by you may be disclosed to a registered Credit Reference Agency which may keep a record of that information. You can rest assured that this is done only to confirm your identity, that a credit check is not performed and that your credit rating will be unaffected. All information provided by you will be treated securely and strictly in accordance with relevant data protection laws.

4.3 a) Online price errors. If we discover an error in the price of goods ordered or reserved, we will inform you as soon as possible (e.g. prior to the goods being dispatched or in store prior to or at the time of the collection of the goods). We will provide you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price or cancelling it. If we are unable to contact you we will treat the order as cancelled. If you choose to cancel and have already paid for the goods you will receive a full refund.
b) If you have purchased using an Argos Monthly Payment Plan, you will need to return the item for a refund and purchase the item again at the lower price, either online by reapplying for the Argos Monthly Payment Plan or instore via an alternative payment method For FastTrack, Tu clothing orders, or other orders where payment is made at the time of ordering for in store collection, the price you pay is the price specified at the point of placing the order and not the prevailing price in store at the time of collection. If on collection the item has come down in price since the order was placed, we will be happy to refund the purchase price and re-sell the item at the lower price. If the price has gone up from when the order was placed, the price paid remains valid unless there has been a price error (see 4.3 (a))

4.3.1 If, in our opinion, any person or persons, whether acting on behalf of themselves or a business, engages in practices that call into question the fair use of the check and reserve and/or click and collect systems, we reserve the right to cancel reservations or orders and / or to restrict / block access to the check and reserve and/or click and collect systems for that person or persons. Examples of such activity may include placing significant numbers of reservations where the goods are not subsequently collected, placing significant numbers of reservations for the same product without them being subsequently collected and the selling of reservation confirmations. This list is not exhaustive.

4.4 Payment can be made by any method specified in How to use this website. For information about secure online ordering see Security.

4.5 Title to any products you order on this website shall pass to you on delivery of the products provided that you have placed your order in accordance with these terms and conditions, we have processed your order, and received payment in full for the products. For click and collect orders, the title to products shall pass to you once the goods, ordered in accordance with these terms and conditions, have been handed over to you in store.

4.6 All prices are shown in £s sterling and include VAT (where applicable) at the applicable current rates but exclude delivery charges, unless expressly stated otherwise (see Home delivery information for further details including Express delivery charges).

4.7 The price of products can be changed more than once. By 'original price' we mean the original price displayed online on argos.co.uk or in the most recent, printed version of the full Argos catalogue (where the product was featured).

4.8 Any sale of a product that includes alcohol is appropriated to the contract at: 33 Charterhouse Street London EC1M 6HA United Kingdom.

The Argos website is operated by: Argos Limited 33 Charterhouse Street London EC1M 6HA United Kingdom. Registered in England with Company Number 1081551 VAT Number 660 4548 36 Sainsbury's Argos is a trading name of both: 1) Argos Limited, Registered office: 33 Charterhouse Street London EC1M 6HA United Kingdom, registered number: 01081551 (England and Wales); and
2) Sainsbury's Supermarkets Limited, Registered office: 33 Charterhouse Street, London, EC1M 6HA registered number: 03261722 (England and Wales). All companies listed above are subsidiaries of J Sainsbury plc (185647) We recommend you print out a copy of these terms and conditions for future reference.

**5.Returns, Cancellations and Substitutions**

5.1 We offer a 30-day money back guarantee, please refer to Returns and refunds. Some products are excluded from the guarantee and are clearly marked by a † next to the product name. In the unlikely event that you receive faulty or damaged goods, please refer to our Returns and refunds section. If you want to return a Large item that has been home delivered by Argos, a non-refundable collection charge of £30 will be applied, unless the product is faulty. No fee applies where the item has been delivered by one of our suppliers. You can return Small Item Home Delivery orders to one of our Argos stores. See our Returns, product support and repairs page on Argos.co.uk for more. Your statutory rights will not be affected.

5.2 Sometimes the product specifications from the manufacturer may change, in which case we will do our best to offer you a similar alternative. We may experience problems with the supply of certain products and may therefore supply a substitute of the same or better quality at the same price. If you are not happy with the replacement or substitute you can return it in accordance with our 30-day money back guarantee. Where applicable, you may cancel your order in accordance with your rights under the Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation Additional Charges Regulations (see our Returns and refunds page for further details.

5.3 Where applicable, you may cancel your order in accordance with your rights under the Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation Additional Charges Regulations (see our Returns and refunds page for further details.

5.4 All sizes and measurements are approximate but we do try to make sure that they are as accurate as possible.

**6. Intellectual Property**

6.1 You acknowledge and agree that all copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in all materials and/or content made available as part of your use of this website shall remain at all times vested in us or our licensors. You are permitted to use this material only as expressly authorised by us or our licensors.

6.2 You acknowledge and agree that the material and content contained within this website is made available for your personal non-commercial use only and that you may only download such material and content for the purpose of using this website. You further acknowledge that any other use of the material and content of this website is strictly prohibited and you agree not to (and agree not to assist or facilitate any third party to) copy, reproduce, transmit, publish, display, distribute, commercially exploit or create derivative works of such material and content.

**7. Liability and Indemnity**

7.1 Nothing in these terms and conditions excludes or limits liability for death or personal injury caused by negligence, fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability which may not otherwise be limited or excluded under applicable law.

7.2 Subject to Section 7.1 above, Argos will use reasonable endeavours to verify the accuracy of any information on the site but makes no representation or warranty of any kind express or implied statutory or otherwise regarding the contents or availability of the site or that it will be timely or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the full functionality, accuracy, reliability of the website Argos will not be responsible or liable to you for any loss of content or material uploaded or transmitted through the website and Argos accepts no liability of any kind for any loss or damage from action taken or taken in reliance on material or information contained on the site.

7.3 Subject to Section 7.1 above, other than as expressly provided in these terms and conditions with respect to specific products and except for the exclusive remedies set out at Section 5 above, any indemnities, warranties, terms and conditions (whether express or implied) are hereby excluded to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law.

7.4 Subject to Section 7.1 above, Argos will not be liable, in contract, tort (including, without limitation, negligence), pre-contract or other representations (other than fraudulent on negligent misrepresentations) or otherwise out of or in connection with the terms and conditions for any:economic losses (including without limitation loss of revenues, data, profits, contracts, business or anticipated savings); orloss of goodwill or reputation; orloss of privacy and loss of data; orspecial or indirect lossessuffered or incurred by that party arising out of or in connection with the provisions of any matter under these terms and conditions.

7.5 Notwithstanding the above, subject to Section 7.1 Argos' aggregate liability (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) for loss or damage shall in any event be limited to a sum equal to the amount paid or payable by you for the product(s) in respect of one incident or series of incidents attributable to the same clause.

7.6 This clause 7 does not affect your statutory rights as a consumer, nor does it affect your contract cancellation rights.

7.7 We will take all reasonable precautions to keep the details of your order and payment secure, but, unless we are negligent, we cannot be held liable for any losses caused as a result of unauthorised access to information provided by you.

**8. Miscellaneous Provisions**

8.1 The contract between us shall be governed by the laws of England and any dispute between us will be resolved exclusively in the courts of England. English is the only language offered for the conclusion of the contract.

8.2 We have selected our products on the basis that they will be used for domestic use only, if you are planning to use them for business purposes please make sure that you are covered by the appropriate insurance. Where you decide to use the products in the course of a business, we exclude (to the fullest extend permitted by law) those warranties and conditions relating to fitness for a particular purpose. Our maximum liability to business users arising out of or in connection with the products shall be limited to the replacement value of the product in question (except in the case of death or personal injury caused by our negligence or in respect of fraud). In relation to business users, we do not accept liability for the fitness of goods for business purposes, nor do we accept liability for loss of use of the item nor any loss over and above the cost of the item in the event of a claim for breach of warranty or condition.

8.3 Argos shall be under no liability for any delay or failure to deliver products or otherwise perform any obligation as specified in these terms and conditions if the same is wholly or partly caused whether directly or indirectly by circumstances beyond its reasonable control.

8.4 To provide increased value to our customers, we may provide links to other websites or resources for you to access at your sole discretion. You acknowledge and agree that, as you have chosen to enter the linked website we are not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and do not review or endorse and are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for (i) the privacy practices of such websites, (ii) the content of such websites, including (without limitation) any advertising, content, products, goods or other materials or services on or available from such websites or resources or (iii) the use to which others make of these websites or resources, nor for any damage, loss or offence caused or alleged to be caused by, or in connection with, the use of or reliance on any such advertising, content, products, goods or other materials or services available on such external websites or resources.

8.5 You may not assign or sub-contract any of your rights or obligations under these terms and conditions or any related order for products to any third party unless agreed upon in writing by Argos.

8.6 Argos reserves the right to transfer, assign, novate or sub-contract the benefit of the whole or part of any of its rights or obligations under these terms and conditions or any related contract to any third party.

8.7 If any portion of these terms and conditions is held by any competent authority to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, the validity or enforceability of the other sections of these terms and conditions shall not be affected.

8.8 These terms and conditions do not create or confer any rights or benefits enforceable by any person that is not a party (within the meaning of the U.K. Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999) except: a) J Sainsbury plc (as defined below) shall have the right to enforce any rights or benefits under these terms and conditions; b) J Sainsbury plc shall have the right to enforce and take the benefit of the rights or benefits of any limitation or exclusion or limitation of liability in these terms and conditions; c) a person who is a permitted successor or assignee under Section 8.8 above of the rights or benefits of these terms and conditions may enforce such rights or benefits. d) No consent from the persons referred to in Section 8.9 is required for the parties to vary or rescind these terms and conditions (whether or not in any way that varies or extinguishes rights or benefits in favour of such third parties).

8.9 No delay or failure by Argos to exercise any powers, rights or remedies under these terms and conditions will operate as a waiver of them nor will any single or partial exercise of any such powers, rights or remedies preclude any other or further exercise of them. Any waiver to be effective must be in writing and signed by an authorised representative of Argos.

8.10 These terms and conditions including the documents or other sources referred to in these terms and conditions supersede all prior representations understandings and agreements between you and Argos relating to the use of this website (including the order of products) and sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between you and Argos for your use of this website.

**9. Argos Gift Card**
9.1 Gift Cards purchased in an Argos store must be activated before use, this will be done by the colleague at the till at the point of payment.

9.2 Gift Cards can be purchased within other retailers authorised to sell Argos Gift Cards, these Gift Cards would adhere to the same terms and conditions as detailed below.

9.3 Gift Cards or eGift Cards issued via any loyalty, reward or benefits programme would also adhere to the same below details terms and conditions.

9.4 Gift Cards purchased within Argos stores can be loaded with any amount from £1 to £500. Other Gift Cards or eGift Cards will be issued detailing a balance. If no balance is provided or the balance is unknown, please use the online balance checker within the My Account section of the website to verify the balance.

9.5 GBP £ Gift Cards or eGift Cards can be used in full or part payment for goods in any UK Argos store, online at argos.co.uk or online at Habitat.co.uk, including current promotional offers, at the prevailing prices listed.

9.6 Gift Cards cannot be used for purchases made over the phone.

9.7 To use Gift Cards or eGift Cards in-store simply present your card to the cashier at the till.

9.8 To use your Gift Card online, input the card number and PIN at the payment stage of your order. The number of Gift Cards or eGift Cards you can use in a single transaction for online purchases is limited to 3. If you have more than 3 Gift Cards or eGift Cards and would like to use them in a single transaction you may do this in-store.

9.9 When spending online the value of your purchase will be deducted from the value of the Gift Card or eGift Card. The number of Gift Cards or eGift Cards you can use in a single transaction for online purchases is limited to 3. If you have more than 3 Gift Cards or eGift Cards and would like to use them in a single transaction you may do this in-store.

9.10 Subject to clause 9.18 (short life gift cards) if you do not spend the entire balance of a plastic Gift Card or eGift Cards in-store, the remaining balance will be available on the same Card/eGift Card after each transaction.

9.11 Subject to clause 9.18 (short life gift cards) if you do not spend the entire balance of a cardboard Gift Card in-store, your remaining balance will be issued to a new Gift Card, and the old card will have no further monetary value. Online the remaining balance will be available on the same card after each transaction.

9.12 To check your balance and confirm the expiry date please sign into your account at argos.co.uk and use the balance checker provided Alternatively, you can register your Gift Card here and check your available balance: MyChopin - Card Registration.

9.13 Gift Cards or eGift Cards cannot be used for the purchase of other gift cards or vouchers.

9.14 GBP £ Gift Cards or eGift Cards cannot be redeemed in ROI.

9.15 EURO € Gift Card cannot be redeemed in UK.

9.16 Gift Cards or eGift Cards are not a credit, debit or cheque guarantee cards, cannot be redeemed for cash or returned under the Argos 30 Day Guarantee and cannot be sold or re-tendered. This will not affect your statutory rights.

9.17 All Gift Cards or eGift Cards hold an expiry date, please refer to the back of your card or details on your eGift Card for further information. If this is not detailed, please use the online balance and expiry date checker in the My Account section of the website.

9.18 From time to time we may offer directly or via an approved third-party, short life eGift Cards. Such short-life eGift Cards may be issued for specific promotions and each promotion may have terms and conditions which must be met. Short-life eGift Cards may be available in limited numbers and must be redeemed as stated. Short-life eGift Cards will expire and the balance will be lost if not used on or before the stated expiry date. The eGift Card must be used in one transaction and no change or balance eGift Card will be issued. When used online at Argos.co.uk delivery charges and minimum spend may apply.

9.19 If any product purchased with a Gift Card or eGift Card is subsequently returned or exchanged for product of a lower price or a refund, any money owing will be returned to the original Gift Card or eGift Card. If you do not have the original Gift Card, a new Gift Card will be issued for in-store refunds or a new eGift Card will be issued.

9.20 Argos Ltd reserve the right to decline or withdraw Gift Cards or eGift Cards, and the right to amend these terms and conditions of Gift Card at any time and to take appropriate action, including the cancellation of the Gift Card, if, in its discretion, it deems such action necessary.

9.21 Gift Cards or eGift Cards must be treated like cash, Argos Ltd cannot be held liable for lost, stolen or damaged Gift Cards and they will not be replaced.

9.22 If you wish to purchase any Gift Cards issued by any Third Party which can be spent in other retailers (Third Party Gift Card) you should read the relevant retailers' terms and conditions associated with the Third Party Gift Card.

**10. Argos Product Care**

10.1 Argos Monthly Care, Breakdown Care, Jewellery Watch Care and Replacement Care are provided by Domestic General Insurance PLC. Registered Office: Swan Court, 11 Worple Road, Wimbledon, London SW19 4JS. Registered in England and Wales. Company No. 485850.Domestic General Insurance PLC is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.

10.2. As of 28th January 2023 Argos Furniture Care is provided by Domestic General Insurance PLC. Registered Office: Swan Court, 11 Worple Road, Wimbledon, London SW19 4JS. Registered in England and Wales. Company No. 485850.Domestic General Insurance PLC is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.Up until 27th January 2023 Argos Furniture Care was provided by Novus Underwriting Limited on behalf of Helvetia Schweizerische Versicherungsgesellschaft in Liechtenstein AG and administered by Castelan Limited. Registered Office: Castelan Ltd, Alpha House, Sunnyside Road North, Weston-super-Mare, North Somerset, BS23 3QY, United Kingdom. Company No. 7637133.Castelan Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority - registration number 572287. If you purchased Argos Furniture Care on or before 27th January 2023 your policy will remain with Novus Underwriting Limited.

10.3 Compare online - You can compare the prices of product care for your electrical goods online using any internet enabled device at: www.compareextendedwarranties.co.uk

**11. Nectar Points**

Collecting Nectar Points - General Terms

11.1 You can collect 1 Nectar point per £1 on qualifying spend at Argos stores, Argos in Sainsbury's and at Argos.co.uk in the UK. Exclusions apply.

11.2 To collect Nectar points on online orders at Argos.co.uk you'll need to link your Argos and Nectar accounts – to find out how, please visit www.argos.co.uk/nectar

11.3 Nectar card or App swipe required at checkout.

11.4 To collect Nectar points on reserve and collect orders, you must swipe your Nectar card at checkout when collecting your goods instore.

11.5 You can collect 1 Nectar point per £1 on qualifying spend at Habitat stores, Habitat.co.uk, Habitat products at Argos stores, Argos in Sainsbury's and at Argos.co.uk in the UK.

11.6 Nectar points will be credited to the primary Nectar cardholder's account within 30 days of purchase.

11.7 If goods are returned under the Argos 30 day returns guarantee or an order is cancelled, Nectar points, where issued, will be re-claimed.

11.8 Purchases made over the phone or via live chat are excluded.

11.9 Nectar points are not available on delivery charges, purchases of Argos Gift Cards, e-Top ups, iTunes vouchers, gift cards, Argos Pet Insurance, in game currency, Argos clearance stores, Argos for business, Argos spares, Habitat outlet stores, mobile phone cards, vouchers or sims. This offer does not include Argos eBay stores.

11.10 To collect Nectar points on Argos Monthly Care, you must add your Nectar card when you buy your policy. Points will be awarded within 30 days of your first Direct Debit payment.
11.11 Only one Nectar card may be used per transaction.

11.12 Nectar Points cannot be collected on any element of a transaction which is paid for by redeeming points. See nectar.com/brands/argos for latest details.

11.13 Minimum spend to collect points = £1. Minimum redemption value = £2.50. Nectar partners occasionally change. See nectar.com for the latest partners.

11.14 From time to time Argos may, offer additional Nectar point promotions to selected customers. Additional terms and conditions relevant to that promotion will be included in the promotion communications.

11.15 We reserve the right to withdraw Nectar points where not issued in accordance with these terms and conditions, or in error and/or where we suspect fraud. We reserve the right to reclaim Nectar points where we consider goods have been bulk purchased or for onward re-sale.

11.16 The Nectar point collection programme is subject to the Nectar collector rules which are set out in the Nectar registration pack, brochure and online at www.nectar.com. Argos Limited reserve the right to alter or terminate the Nectar points offer at any time without the need for prior notice. We reserve the right to amend or cancel these terms and conditions and the Argos Nectar offer at any time. Promoter: Argos Limited: 33 Charterhouse Street, London, EC1M 6HA, United Kingdom. Collecting Nectar Points - Collect 1 Nectar point per £1 on qualifying spend at Argos stores, Argos in Sainsbury's and at Argos.co.uk in the UK. Excludes phone and live chat orders. Other exclusions apply. Nectar card swipe or App scan required. To collect Nectar points at Argos.co.uk link your accounts, see www.argos.co.uk/nectar. Minimum spent to collect Nectar points is £1. Nectar points issued within 30 days. We reserve the right to alter or terminate the Argos Nectar offer at any time and/or to reclaim Nectar points where they are; issued in error, orders are cancelled, or goods returned.

Spending Nectar points online

11.18 You can spend from 500 (£2.50) to 100,000 (£500) Nectar points in one transaction online. Your Nectar points can be spent in 500 points/£2.50 increments, unless your purchase is under the £500 maximum points spend limit, when the Nectar points in your account can be used to cover the entire purchase price.

11.18.1 You can spend your Nectar points at Habitat stores, Habitat.co.uk and on Habitat products online at Argos, in 500 points/£2.50 increments. You can spend from 500 (£2.50) to 100,000 (£500) Nectar points in one transaction.

11.18.1 You can spend your Nectar points at Habitat stores, Habitat.co.uk and on Habitat products online at Argos, in 500 points/£2.50 increments. You can spend from 500 (£2.50) to 100,000 (£500) Nectar points in one transaction.

11.18.2 To redeem Nectar points online you'll need to link your Argos and Nectar accounts – please visit https://www.argos.co.uk/nectar

11.18.3 Any remaining balance will need to be paid in full. You can pay any remaining balance online with a credit/debit card (including Argos Card, but not Argos for Business card or Argos Gift Cards).Spending your Nectar points in-store.

11.19 You can spend from 500 points (£2.50). You'll need to spend your points in 500 point/£2.50 increments, unless your purchase is under the £500 maximum points spend limit, when the Nectar points in your account can be used to cover the entire purchase price. 11.19.1 You can spend your Nectar points at Habitat stores, Habitat.co.uk and on Habitat products in-store at Argos, in 500 points/£2.50 increments. You can spend from 500 (£2.50) to 100,000 (£500) Nectar points in one transaction. Points cannot be spent at Habitat outlet stores.

11.19.1 You can spend your Nectar points at Habitat stores, Habitat.co.uk and on Habitat products in-store at Argos, in 500 points/£2.50 increments. You can spend from 500 (£2.50) to 100,000 (£500) Nectar points in one transaction. Points cannot be spent at Habitat outlet stores.

11.19.2 Present your Nectar card or Nectar App at a staffed till to spend your Nectar points (subject to system availability). Any remaining balance will need to be paid in full. You can pay any remaining balance with a credit/debit card (including Argos Card, but not Argos for Business card or Argos Gift Cards).

11.20 Your Nectar balance will be updated immediately. Once you've used your Nectar points to pay, it is not possible to convert them back into Nectar points. See 11.24 below for information about refunds.

11.21 Nectar points can be only be used by the Nectar card holder.

11.22 Only one Nectar card can be used per transaction.

11.23 Goods, services and/or discounts are subject to availability and may change from time to time.

11.24 Refunds and cancellations: 11.24.1 Argos reserves the right to issue Argos Gift Cards for items purchased using Nectar points which are subsequently returned or cancelled. We'll refund the Nectar portion of your payment as an Argos Gift Card (which is only redeemable at Argos). The remainder, where applicable, will be refunded via the original payment method, such as cash or payment card. If you need to return your item to a store for a refund, you'll need to do this at a staffed till in any Argos store.

11.24.2 If you order online and don't collect your item within 7 days, your order will be cancelled, and you'll be refunded back to your original payment method(s). Your Nectar points will be refunded back to your Nectar card and, if you part-paid, any balance will be refunded to your payment card.

11.25 Nectar cards remain the property of Nectar 360 Limited and must be returned on request. Nectar rewards are also subject to Argos' own Terms and Conditions.

11.26 Argos reserves the right to withdraw or amend the Nectar redemption process at any time and without notice.

11.27 Read our privacy policy here.

**12. Habitat.co.uk eGift Card**

12.1 Habitat.co.uk eGift Cards are not currently available to purchase in Habitat or Argos stores or online at argos.co.uk or habitat.co.uk. The following terms and conditions apply to any Habitat.co.uk eGift Cards issued via an authorised retailer, loyalty, reward or benefits programme.

12.2 Habitat.co.uk eGift Cards can be loaded with any amount from £1 to £500. If no balance is provided or the balance is unknown, please use the online balance checker within the My Account section of the Argos.co.uk website to verify the balance.

12.3 GBP £ Habitat.co.uk eGift Cards can be used in full or part payment for goods online at Habitat.co.uk, in any UK Argos store including Argos in Sainsbury's or online at argos.co.uk, including current promotional offers, at the prevailing prices listed. The Habitat.co.uk eGift Card cannot currently be used in Habitat stores, or for Habitat branded product or any other product within Sainsbury's stores or online at Sainsburys.co.uk.

12.4 Habitat.co.uk eGift Cards cannot be used for purchases made over the phone.

12.5 To use Habitat.co.uk eGift Cards in-store at Argos simply present your card to the cashier at the till.

12.6 To use your Habitat.co.uk eGift Card online, input the card number and PIN at the payment stage of your order. The number of eGift Cards you can use in a single transaction for online purchases is limited to 3. If you have more than 3 eGift Cards and would like to use them in a single transaction you may do this in any Argos store. Please be aware that the availability of products may vary.

12.7 If you do not spend the entire balance of an eGift Card in-store or online, the remaining balance will be available on the same eGift Card after each transaction.

12.8 To check your balance and confirm the expiry date please sign into your account at argos.co.uk and use the balance checker provided.

12.9 Habitat.co.uk eGift Cards cannot be used for the purchase of other gift cards or vouchers.

12.10 GBP £ Habitat.co.uk eGift Cards cannot be redeemed in ROI.

12.11 EURO € Habitat.co.uk eGift Card cannot be redeemed in UK.

12.12 Habitat.co.uk eGift Cards are not a credit, debit or cheque guarantee cards, cannot be redeemed for cash or returned under the Argos 30 Day Guarantee and cannot be sold or re-tendered. This will not affect your statutory rights.

12.13 All Habitat.co.uk eGift Cards hold an expiry date, please refer to the details on your eGift Card for further information. If this is not detailed, please use the online balance and expiry date checker in the My Account section of the Argos.co.uk website.

12.14 If any product purchased with a Habitat.co.uk eGift Card is subsequently exchanged for product of a lower price or a refund, any money owing will be added to a new Argos Gift Card or eGift Card. This Argos Gift Card or eGift Card can be redeemed as outlined in clause 9.5.

12.15 Argos Ltd reserve the right to decline or withdraw Habitat.co.uk eGift Cards, and the right to amend these terms and conditions of Habitat.co.uk eGift Cards at any time and to take appropriate action, including the cancellation of the eGift Card, if, in its discretion, it deems such action necessary.

12.16 Habitat.co.uk eGift Cards must be treated like cash, Argos Ltd cannot be held liable for lost, stolen or damaged eGift Cards and they will not be replaced.

**13. Argos Black Friday Price Guarantee**

13.1 Products marked with the Price Guarantee badge are part of our price guarantee campaign ("Price Guarantee"). Price Guarantee is available on products purchased online at Argos.co.uk and instore. Excludes products not labelled with the Price Guarantee badge, including those labelled as 'Hot Products".

13.2 Price Guarantee badged products purchased from Argos between 31st October - 2nd December will not go lower in price before midnight on 25th December 2025. If they do, we'll send you a Price Guarantee voucher (in the form of an Argos e-Gift Card) for the difference between what you paid and the lower price ("Price Guarantee Voucher").

13.3 To receive your Price Guarantee Voucher you must have supplied an email address when you purchased the Price Guarantee product. If you purchase a Price Guarantee product online at Argos.co.uk, you must provide your email address at checkout. Any Price Guarantee Voucher will be sent to the email address provided at checkout. If you purchase a Price Guarantee product instore, you can submit your email address on the pay at browse system at checkout or when prompted by a colleague when paying at a till.

13.4 Price Guarantee Vouchers are valid for 3 months from the date of issue, and are subject to the e-Gift Card Terms Conditions.

13.5 The Price Guarantee applies only to the displayed price of the Price Guarantee product, and excludes any coupons / discount codes, which may otherwise lower the price of the Price Guarantee product.

13.6 All Price Guarantee products are subject to availability. While stocks last. Prices displayed are for the product only. Delivery charges may apply for home delivered items. Delivery prices start from £3.95.

13.7 All other Argos policies (e.g returns, refunds, delivery etc) continue to apply to Price Guarantee products.

13.8 Note that Price Guarantee also applies to products badged with Price Guarantee on habitat.co.uk. See our Habitat Price Guarantee terms for more information here.

**14. Tu Gift cards and Sainsbury's, Argos, TU Habitat Multi Brand Gift Cards**

14.1 The Multi Brand Gift Card can be used in full or part for payment of productspurchasedin Sainsbury's and Argos stores excluding concessions and third-party retailers (Instore) and online at argos.co.uk, Sainsburys.co.uk, tu.co.uk and habitat.co.uk (Online).

14.2 The Multi Brand Gift Card can bepurchasedInstore and can bepurchasedat sainsburysgiftcard.co.uk or argosgiftcard.co.uk. Design of the Multi Brand Gift Card may vary.

14.3 We may exclude specific products from purchase via Multi Brand Gift Card, please refer to:https://help.sainsburys.co.uk/help/products/about\-sainsburys\-giftcardfor the Sainsbury's full listing. You cannot use your Multi Brand Gift Card topurchaseother gift cards.

14.4 It is your responsibility toretainthe Multi Brand Gift Card for use in any future transactions.

14.5 There is no limit to the number of Multi Brand Gift Cards that can be used per transaction in Sainsbury's Instore and Online but themaximumamount of Multi Brand Gift Card that can be used in Argos, Habitat and TU is three (3) per transaction.The maximum value that can be redeemed from Multi Brand Gift Card is a total of £250 per transaction in Sainsbury's stores and online at Sainsburys.co.uk and £2,000 in Argos stores, argos.co.uk, tu.co.uk, habitat.co.uk.

14.6 If items are returned to storein accordance withour refund policyhttps://help.sainsburys.co.uk/help/refunds\-returns/what\-isrefund\-policy, andhttps://help.argos.co.uk/help/refunds\-\-returns/returns\-product\-support\-and\-repairs/returnsproductsupportrepairs#:\~:text=I've%20changed%20my%20mind,with%20the%20tags%20if%20applicable) any refund due will be issued to a new gift card.

Redemption Instore: If your Multi Brand Gift Card is on your smart phone device you can redeem straight from your smart phone device or print and take Instore. After each use Instore any remaining balance on the Multi Brand Gift Card will be printed on a receipt. It is your responsibility toretainthe receipt as evidence of your outstanding balance.

**15. School Uniform**

15.1 Prices locked for the 3rd year in a row. Stores which stock uniform and online. Subject to availability. Price lock - 2022 full prices held on key lines. Excludes, footwear, socks, tights, bags, and brand new lines. For the full list of product included and verification, click here.

15.2 Uniforms that perform. Perfect white / colour, Teflon (Eco Elite) and Reinforced knees are just some of the ways our uniforms perform. Online and instores (excl Locals). A charge may apply to deliveries and collections. Availability may vary by store.

15.3 Made for Mums. Award winning uniform, to verify see:
https://www.madeformums.com/reviews/school-uniforms-tried-and-tested/

**16. Argos Plus**

16.1 Eligibility for Argos Plus Subject to Term 17 below, Argos Plus is only available for use for eligible transactions made via www.argos.co.uk, www.habitat.co.uk or via the Argos App. It does not apply to instore purchases made via our Pay at Browse devices. It also does not apply to any other product or service offered or sold by us, or via our other channels.

16.2 To purchase and use Argos Plus you must be over 18 and have a valid Argos account. If you do not have an Argos account, please registerhere.

16.3 Once purchased, Argos Plus is valid for 12 months only, measured from its date of purchase. You may cancel Argos Plus during this 12 month term in accordance with our cancellation policy at Term 21 below.

**17. Benefits and use of Argos Plus**

17.2.Subject to the further conditions specified in this Term 17, you can purchase Argos Plus for a once-off, upfront fee of £40.

17.3. Argos Plus entitles you to same day, next day and standard delivery (at no additional cost beyond the £40 upfront fee) on eligible transactions. To comprise an eligible transaction:
a. You must be 18+ and hold a valid Argos account;
b. You must purchase an eligible product (see Term 17.3) via Argos.co.uk; Habitat.co.uk or the Argos app for delivery; and
c. Your transaction must have a minimum order value of £20 (see Term 17.4).

17.4. Argos Plus can only be used for the delivery of eligible products purchased online or via the Argos App. Argos Plus cannot be used for:
a. The delivery of clothing purchased on Argos.co.uk, Tu.co.uk or via the Argos or Tu Apps, or
b. The delivery of any product that is purchased via Argos.co.uk or via the Argos App, but that is supplied directly by an Argos supplier (and not Argos itself).
Usual delivery rates will be charged for the delivery of any product that is not eligible for Argos Plus.

17.5 All orders are subject to a minimum, per-transaction order value of £20, after any discounts or e-vouchers have been deducted. The £20 minimum threshold is calculated only with reference to items that are eligible for Argos Plus. The cost of clothing, items delivered by our suppliers, and/or other services offered by Argos (e.g. installation and recycling services) do not count towards the £20 minimum spend threshold. Orders that do not meet the £20 minimum spend threshold will be charged the usual delivery rate for the selected delivery slot as shown on our online booking page.

17.6. Argos Plus deliveries can be made to a recognised UK address of your choice, subject to some postcode exclusions and lead time restrictions. In particular:
We are currently unable to deliver to the following postcodes: GY1, GY2, GY3, GY4, GY5, GY6, GY7, GY8, GY9, GY10, IM1, IM2, IM3, IM4, IM5, IM6, IM7, IM8, IM9, JE2, JE3, PH42, PH43, PH44, TR21, TR22, TR23, TR24, TR25.
Same-day delivery covers most areas, subject to a few exceptions. To understand if same day delivery is available before purchasing Argos Plus, go to a product you want to buy and input your postcode we'll always display the fastest options at checkout.
1pm is the cut off for same day delivery (where available) of small items, subject to availability of the item.

17.7. Argos Plus does not give you any guaranteed and/or preferential access to the availability of the eligible product purchased; nor to a particular delivery slot or methodology of your choice. Argos Plus can only be used for deliveries in the slots shown as available on the online slot booking page at the time of your purchase

17.8. Argos Plus is valid for up to 12 months, measured from your date of purchase of Argos Plus. Thereafter, your ability to access or use the service will be terminated

17.9. To utilise your Argos Plus:
a. Shop for eligible products online or via the Argos app (note that these may be badged with the "Argos Plus" logo)
b. Add eligible products to your trolley.
c. Make sure your per-transaction order value exceeds £20 to use your Argos Plus (subject to the conditions in Term 17.4 above).
d. At checkout, choose any available delivery slot from morning to evening at no additional cost.

**18. Purchase and Payment details**

18.1 You may pay for Argos Plus using any valid Debit or Credit card already linked to your existing 'My Account'. Alternatively, you may register a new card at the time of payment.

18.2 Your ability to access and use Argos Plus will only commence once we have notified you by email that we have received your payment for the service. Your Argos Plus account will be activated as soon as we have received payment, and Argos Plus may then be used for any future orders (including the order in which you first purchase Argos Plus). Argos Plus cannot be used for historic, completed orders, nor for orders that have already been made, but where delivery of that order is still pending.

18.3 If we are unable to process payment, your Argos Plus service will not commence until we are able to do so.

**19. Nectar**

19.1 Assuming you have linked your Argos and Nectar accounts, the purchase of Argos Plus qualifies for Nectar points at the rate of 1 point per £1.

19.2 You may not redeem Nectar points in full or part payment for Argos Plus.

19.3. You can continue to earn Nectar points on any orders placed on Argos.co.uk, habitat.co.uk or via the Argos App for which you use Argos Plus, at a rate of 1 point for £1.

**20. Fair Usage**

20.1 A fair usage policy applies to your use of Argos Plus. We reserve the right to suspend or cancel your Argos Plus if we consider that your use is not in good faith or reasonable

20.2 Argos Plus may be used only in association with the registered Argos account and by the registered Argos and Argos Plus account holder only. It may not be used by other users.

20.3 Argos Plus may only be used for domestic use for the purposes of purchasing eligible products for your immediate household. We reserve the right to ask for proof that you are associated with all delivery addresses.

**21. Cancellation**

21.1You may cancel your Argos Plus within 14 days from the day after your purchase of Argos Plus, by phoning us and asking to cancel your Argos Plus.

21.2. If you have not used your Argos Plus and decide to cancel it, you must call us within 14 days from the day after purchase and we will issue a full refund. The refund will be credited to the card used for payment within 3-5 working days. You will receive a confirmation email when the refund has been processed.

21.3. If you opt to use your Argos Plus within the first 14 days post your purchase date, you will only be entitled to a partial refund of the amount you paid, less the full cost, as advertised on our website, of the delivery slots and methods requested or used by you during the 14-day cancellation period. The refund will be credited to the card used for payment within 3-5 working days. You will receive a confirmation email when the refund has been processed.

21.4. If the Argos Plus is cancelled more than 14 days from the day after purchase you are not entitled to any refund. This does not affect your statutory rights.

21.5 We reserve the right to monitor usage of Argos Plus and to terminate your Argos Plus service if we believe that: - You are in breach of the fair usage policy as per Term 20 above

You are in breach of any term or condition - An Argos Plus customer has engaged in any activity that we suspect involves fraud or the misuse of Argos Plus service.
In such cases no refund will be issued by Argos.

**22 General information**

22.1 Argos Plus may not be used if you intend to use the items delivered for resale or onward delivery by a 3rd party.

22.2 We reserve the right to charge a delivery fee if you or an adult is not available to receive an agreed delivery.

22.3. Argos Plus has no bearing on; nor does it change our terms and conditions relating to returns on eligible products. Our standard returns policy (available here) continues to apply in relation to the purchase of any eligible product.

**23. Argos Plus change or termination**

23.1 We reserve the right to change or withdraw Argos Plus benefits or suspend the delivery pass service for new customers on reasonable notice.

23.2. There may be times where we are unable to fulfil our obligations under Argos Plus due to circumstances beyond our control. In such circumstances, we will cover the cost incurred by you for any Argos delivery service that would otherwise have been included as part of your Argos Plus.

23.3. We reserve the right to change and update these terms and conditions from time to time. If we do so, we will update our website with the revised terms and conditions and will send an email to Argos Plus members detailing any material changes.

**24.0. Our Liability**

24.1 Our liability for any loss you suffer as a result of us breaching this agreement is strictly limited to the purchase price of Argos Plus.

24.2 This does not include or limit in any way our liability: (a) For death or personal injury caused by our negligence; (b) For fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or (c) For any matter for which it would be illegal for us to exclude, or attempt to exclude, our liability.

24.3 We are not responsible for indirect losses which happen as a side effect of the main loss or damage and which are not foreseeable by us, including but not limited to loss of income or revenue, loss of business, loss of profits or contracts, loss of anticipated savings; or loss of data.

Promoter:
ARGOS LIMITED of 33 Charterhouse Street, London EC1M 6HA

The Argos website is operated by: 33 Charterhouse Street, London, EC1M 6HA Registered in England with Company Number 1081551 VAT Number 660 4548 36 Sainsbury's Argos is a trading name of both: 1) Argos Limited, Registered office: 33 Charterhouse Street, London, EC1 M6HA, registered number: 01081551 (England and Wales); and 2) Sainsbury's Supermarkets Limited, Registered office: 33 Charterhouse Street, London, EC1M 6HA, registered number: 03261722 (England and Wales). All companies listed above are subsidiaries of J Sainsbury plc (185647) We recommend you print out a copy of these terms and conditions for future reference.

If you have any questions regarding the Argos website, please see the Customer services section for more information and full contact details.