Legal information
Realtime website statistics
Skip to main content
Legal information
Written by mazzulli on
April 30, 2024
.                Posted in
Uncategorised
.
Legal Information
This website is owned and operated by Army Recognition Group. The use of this website is subject to the following terms and conditions. By accessing or using the site, you agree to be bound by these terms.
Website Owner
Army Recognition Group
Promenade des Ours 13
5300 Andenne
Belgium
Email: marketing(AT)armyrecognition.com
Phone: +32 85 30 00 72
Website Publisher
Army Recognition Group
VAT Number / Company Registration: BE0686.851.060
Host Provider
Web Host Provider Name: Cblue
Web Host Address: Rue de l'Innovation 3, 5020 Namur Belgium
Phone: +32 81 36 36 36
Content Ownership
The content of this website, including but not limited to articles, images, videos, trademarks, logos, and design, is protected by intellectual property laws. Army Recognition or its licensors own all rights to the content. No content from this website may be copied, reproduced, or used for commercial purposes without explicit permission.
Limitation of Liability
Army Recognition makes no representations or warranties about the accuracy or completeness of the content available on this website. While efforts are made to ensure the website’s content is correct, no liability is accepted for any direct or indirect damage resulting from using the information available on this site.
External Links
This website may contain links to third-party websites. Army Recognition is not responsible for the content of any external websites and cannot be held liable for any damages resulting from using those websites.
Privacy Policy
Your use of this website is also governed by our Privacy Policy, which outlines how we collect, use, and protect your data. Using this site, you consent to the data practices outlined in the Privacy Policy.
Cookies
This website uses cookies to improve your browsing experience. By continuing to use this site, you agree to the use of cookies as described in our Cookie Policy.
Ezoic Services
This website uses the services of Ezoic Inc. (“Ezoic”), including to manage third-party interest-based advertising. Ezoic may employ a variety of technologies on this website, including tools to serve content, display advertisements and enable advertising to visitors of this website, which may utilize first and third-party cookies.
A cookie is a small text file sent to your device by a web server that enables the website to remember information about your browsing activity. First-party cookies are created by the site you are visiting, while third-party cookies are set by domains other than the one you're visiting. Ezoic and our partners may place third-party cookies, tags, beacons, pixels, and similar technologies to monitor interactions with advertisements and optimize ad targeting. Please note that disabling cookies may limit access to certain content and features on the website, and rejecting cookies does not eliminate advertisements but will result in non-personalized advertising. You can find more information about cookies and how to manage them
here
.
The following information may be collected, used, and stored in a cookie when serving personalized ads:
IP address
Operating system type and version
Device type
Language preferences
Web browser type
Email (in a hashed or encrypted form)
Ezoic and its partners may use this data in combination with information that has been independently collected to deliver targeted advertisements across various platforms and websites. Ezoic’s partners may also gather additional data, such as unique IDs, advertising IDs, geolocation data, usage data, device information, traffic data, referral sources, and interactions between users and websites or advertisements, to create audience segments for targeted advertising across different devices, browsers, and apps. You can find more information about interest-based advertising and how to manage them
here
.
You can view Ezoic’s privacy policy
here
, or for additional information about Ezoic’s advertising and other partners, you can view Ezoic’s advertising partners
here
.
Applicable Law
The laws of Belgium/Namur govern these terms and conditions. Any dispute arising from using this website will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in Belgium/Namur].
Changes to Legal Information
Army Recognition Group reserves the right to modify or update this legal information anytime. Please review this page periodically to stay informed about any changes.
Hits: 73378
Prev
Next
Copyright © 2019 - 2024 Army Recognition | Webdesign by Zzam
Cookie policy
Legal information
x
x