Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy

Terms & conditions
Diario AS, S.L. (hereinafter, DIARIO AS) is the owner of this website.

1. COMPANY INFORMATION: In accordance with the requirement to provide information, set out in article 10 of Law 34/2002, 11 July, on Information Society Services and Electronic Commerce, the following information is hereby provided: the company that owns this website is DIARIO AS, S.L. with registered office at C/ Valentín Beato, 44 – 28037 Madrid, with registered company number C.I.F.: B-81511834, duly registered in the Mercantile Registry of Madrid. Contact e-mail: atencionclientes@diarioas.es.

2. USERS: A USER is someone who accesses and/or uses this website; use of the site indicates acceptance of these General Terms and Conditions of Use. The aforementioned terms and conditions shall apply regardless of the mandatory General Terms and Conditions of Contract, where applicable.

3. USE OF THE WEBSITE: this website provides access to a range of information, services, programmes and data (hereinafter, “the contents”), via the Internet, belonging to DIARIO AS or its licensors to which the USER may have access.

The USER accepts responsibility for the use of this website. Said responsibility extends to any registration that may be required to access certain services or contents. During said registration the USER will be responsible for providing true and lawful information. As part of this registration, the USER may be provided with a password, for which the USER will be responsible, agreeing to make careful and confidential use of it.

The USER agrees to make appropriate use of the contents and services (such as, for example, chat services, discussion forums and newsgroups) that DIARIO AS offers through its website, and will not, by way of example but not limited to, use them (i) for activities that are illicit, illegal, in bad faith or contrary to public order; (ii) to disseminate content or propaganda that is racist, xenophobic, pornographic, illegal, apologising for or justifying or encouraging terrorism, or which constitutes an attack on human rights; (iii) to damage the physical or computer systems of DIARIO AS, of its suppliers or of third-parties, or to introduce or spread in the network(s) computer viruses, or any other physical systems or software that could provoke the harms abovementioned; (iv) to try to access and, where applicable, use the e-mail accounts of other users and modify or manipulate their messages.

DIARIO AS reserves the right to delete all those comments and contributions that infringe on the respect for human dignity, that are discriminatory, xenophobic, racist, pornographic, that are damaging to young people or children, damaging to public order and public safety, or that, in the opinion of DIARIO AS, are not appropriate for publication.

In any event, DIARIO AS, will not be responsible for the opinions posted by USERS on forums, chats or other user participation tools.

4. INTELLECTUAL AND INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY: DIARIO AS itself or acting as assignee owns all the intellectual and industrial property rights relating to its websites, as well as the content elements in these (including, but not limited to, images, sounds, audio, video, software and texts; brands and logos, colour combinations, lay-out and design, selection of materials used, computer software necessary for operating, access and use, etc.) owned by DIARIO AS or its Licensors.

All rights reserved. As provided for by articles 8 and 32.1, second paragraph, of the Intellectual Property Law, reproduction, distribution, public communication, including any means of making available, of the entirety or part of the contents of this website, with commercial aims, in any manner or by any technical means, without the prior authorisation of DIARIO AS is expressly prohibited. The USER agrees to respect the Intellectual and Industrial Property rights held by DIARIO AS. The USER may visualise the contents of the various websites and also print them, copy them and store them in the hard drive of their computer or in any other physical format always provided that it is, solely and exclusively, for their personal, private use. The USER must not delete, alter, avoid or manipulate any protective device or security system installed on the websites of DIARIO AS.

5. DISCLAIMER OF GUARANTEES AND RESPONSIBILITY: AS will not be responsible, in any case whatsoever, for damage or loss of any nature whatsoever that could be caused by, but not limited to, the following: errors or omissions in the contents, lack of availability of the website, transmission of viruses or harmful programmes or damaging content, despite having adopted all preventative technical measures.

6. MODIFICATIONS: DIARIO AS reserves the right to carry out, with no prior announcement, those modifications to its websites that it considers opportune, being able to change, delete or add both the contents and services provided on the site as well as the manner in which these are presented or their location on its website.

7. LINKS: Where the websites contain links or hyperlinks to other internet sites DIARIO AS does not have any control over these sites and their contents.

In no case will DIARIO AS accept any responsibility whatsoever for the contents of a linked third-party website, nor will it guarantee the technical availability, quality, reliability, accuracy, extent, veracity, validity and legality of any material or information contained in any of these hyperlinks and other Internet sites.

Equally the inclusion of these external connections does not imply any type of association, union, or participation in the entities so-linked to.

8. RIGHT OF EXCLUSION: DIARIO AS reserves the right to deny or restrict access to its websites and/or the services offered without any prior notice, at its own behest or that of a third-party, to those USERS who fail to comply with these General Conditions of Use.

9. OTHER TERMS: DIARIO AS can alter at any time the conditions hereby set out, with the new conditions being duly published here. Said conditions will be effective on the basis of being displayed and will be valid until they are modified by other duly published conditions.

10. MODIFICATION AND DURATION OF THE CURRENT CONDITIONS: DIARIO AS can alter at any time the conditions hereby set out, with the new conditions being duly published here. Said conditions will be effective on the basis of being displayed and will be valid until they are modified by other duly published conditions. In the case that there is a discrepancy in these Terms of Use between the Spanish and English language versions, the Spanish version shall take precedence.