Asahi Shimbun Digital Terms of Use (for non-members)(Implemented on July 28, 2020)
Article 1 Definitions
The terms used in the Asahi Shimbun Digital Terms of Use (hereinafter referred to as the "Terms") are defined as follows:
"Our company" refers to The Asahi Shimbun Company.
"Digital Edition" refers to the electronic information service "Asahi Shimbun Digital" provided by our company, including the app service for mobile devices provided by our company. However, the in-app purchase services "Asahi Shimbun Digital for App Store" and "Asahi Shimbun Digital for Google Play" are not included in the "Digital Edition", and are subject to the "Asahi Shimbun Digital for App Store Terms of Use" and "Asahi Shimbun Digital for Google Play Terms of Use", respectively.
"User" refers to anyone who uses the "digital version" provided by our company (including, but not limited to, individuals, corporations, and organizations that view and use the digital version).
Article 2: Terms and Conditions
These Terms apply to all users. Users are deemed to have read these Terms and to have accepted their contents. In addition, for users who have registered as members of the service through the procedures specified by our company, the Terms of Use for Subscription Applicants and Digital Edition Subscribers that the user agreed to at the time of signing the subscription contract will apply in addition to these Terms. In the event of any discrepancy between these Terms and the above Terms of Use for Subscription Applicants and Digital Edition Subscribers, the Terms of Use for Subscription Applicants and Digital Edition Subscribers will take precedence.
These terms and conditions apply to digital use only.
The special provisions, general guide, usage guide, help, and other provisions (collectively referred to as "Special Provisions") separately stipulated by the Company regarding the digital version also constitute part of these Terms of Use. In the event of any discrepancy between the provisions of these Terms of Use and the Special Provisions, the provisions of the Special Provisions shall take precedence.
The Company may change these Terms and Conditions at its discretion in any of the following cases:
(1) When the change to these Terms of Use is in the general interest of users.
(2) When the change to these Terms and Conditions does not violate the purpose of these Terms and Conditions and is reasonable in light of the necessity of the change, the appropriateness of the content after the change, the content of the change, and other circumstances related to the change.
When changing these Terms and Conditions pursuant to the preceding paragraph, we will post a notice of the changes to the Terms and Conditions, as well as the content of the changed Terms and Conditions and the effective date of the changes, on the General Guide's latest information and news release page (URL: https://digital.asahi.com/info/information/ ) before the changes take effect.
Article 3 Digital Services
The digital version can be viewed and used in the operating environment designated by our company. However, restrictions on use may apply depending on the model, equipment, facilities, operating system, network and communication environment used by the user.
Article 4: Costs
Users shall properly prepare and operate the models, devices, equipment, operating systems, networks, and communication environments (including any necessary contracts with mobile phone companies) required to use the Digital Version at their own responsibility and expense. In addition, communication charges may apply to use of the Digital Version. All costs, including communication charges, associated with use of the Digital Version shall be borne by the User.
Article 5 Use of Access Data
The digital version uses cookies and similar technologies to collect data from users' computers, smartphones, tablets, and other devices, including accessed URLs, access times, device information such as IP addresses, cookie IDs, and advertising IDs (collectively referred to as "access data"). This data may be used to provide users with information tailored to their interests and deliver targeted advertising. We also use tools provided by our company or third parties for analysis to improve our services, advertising delivery (e.g., behavioral targeting ads), content delivery, and behavioral targeting ads on web services operated by other companies. Users can refuse the use of cookies by changing their browser settings; however, please note that doing so may prevent you from using certain services and functions. For more information, please see "About the Use of Access Data" (URL: https://www.asahi.com/corporate/privacypolicy/13019112 ).
Article 6: Links
In principle, users are free to link to the digital version as long as certain conditions are met, such as the link being for non-commercial purposes, clearly indicating that it is a link to the digital version, and without frames. However, we may refuse the link if it is inconsistent with the purpose of the digital version or if the link is established in a way that could cause confusion as to the source of information, or if there is a risk of harming our business (including the method set forth in the following paragraph). Furthermore, users acknowledge in advance that due to the need to edit and update the digital version, individual pages within the service may be changed or deleted without notice, and that even if a link is established, the link may become invalid within a short period of time.
Links that display the contents of the digital version in combination with content from other sites, such as so-called frame links, direct links, and embedding, or links that display the contents of the digital version alone as part of the linked homepage, or linking methods that generally affect our company's credibility, are prohibited, regardless of whether they are for commercial or non-commercial purposes.
The OGP (Open Graph protocol, including all content such as titles, text, and images) that we set in the digital version for sharing on social media may only be used for sharing the digital version in the manner set by the app's functions and services or in other manners specifically approved by us. Any other use, whether commercial or non-commercial, is prohibited.
If a user violates the prohibitions set forth in the preceding two paragraphs, we may take necessary measures, such as blocking access to the digital version.
Article 7 Copyright and Other Rights
The copyright of the digital version belongs to our company. In addition, the copyright and other rights of the articles, images, programs, etc. (hereinafter collectively referred to as "content") that make up the digital version belong to our company or third parties with legitimate rights.
Article 8: Interruption of Service
If any of the following circumstances occur, we may temporarily suspend or terminate all or part of the digital version of the service without prior notice to users.
(1) When it becomes difficult to operate the digital version due to a communication line failure or force majeure such as fire, power outage, natural disaster, war, or epidemic.
(2) When it is necessary for system maintenance of the digital version. However, we will notify you in advance of any interruptions due to scheduled system maintenance.
(3) Any other reasonable reason arises that makes it impossible to provide the digital version.
Article 9 Disclaimer
The Digital Version is provided as is at the time of your use of the Digital Version, and we are not obligated to provide any express or implied warranties regarding the Digital Version (including, but not limited to, implied warranties regarding the completeness, accuracy, usefulness, or fitness for a particular purpose of the service's functions and content, etc.).
The digital version of each content may contain links to external content, or may display external content (including, but not limited to, user comments and online videos) using social media functions or video embedding functions managed and operated by external companies. This external content (hereinafter referred to as "External Content") is not managed or operated by us, and we are not responsible for any External Content or resources. Furthermore, we are not liable for any damages (whether direct or indirect) incurred by users arising from or related to the content, advertisements, products, services, etc. posted or made available on External Content or resources.
The digital version contains third-party advertisements, promotions, and notices (collectively referred to as "Advertisements, etc."). In accordance with the JIAA (Japan Interactive Advertising Association) "Recommended Guidelines for Native Advertising," such advertisements will display "Advertisement" or "PR" and clearly state the advertiser. Transactions with businesses that place advertisements, etc. are the responsibility of both the user and the business owner, and are the sole responsibility of both parties. We assume no responsibility for damages arising from transactions made through advertisements, etc. placed on the digital version, or damages arising from the posting of advertisements, etc. themselves.
The Company shall not be liable for any non-conformity with the contract regarding prizes and benefits provided to users.
We shall not be liable for any interruption, delay, suspension or termination of the digital version of the service due to natural disasters, war, civil unrest, riots, epidemics, the enactment, amendment or repeal of laws and regulations or changes in their implementation, changes in standards regarding the regulation of distribution, etc., orders and dispositions by public authorities, strikes, communication line failures or other force majeure.
We may change the content of the digital version of the service or the type and content of the courses, or terminate all or part of the service.
In the case of the preceding paragraph, the Company shall not bear any responsibility whatsoever.
We shall not be liable for (1) any loss suffered by the user due to the interruption, delay or suspension of all or part of the digital service (including damages resulting from claims by third parties); (2) any loss suffered by the user due to the use of information obtained through the digital service (including damages resulting from claims by third parties); or (3) any loss suffered by the user due to tort, loss of savings or interruption of business, or any indirect, special or other consequential damages of any kind (including lost profits), even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages in advance.
Article 10 Prohibited matters
Users shall not engage in the following acts with respect to the digital version:
(1) Providing or redistributing the digital version or any individual content contained therein to a third party
(2) Any act that infringes the rights of our company or a third party, such as copying (excluding temporary electronic storage on a device when viewing) the digital version or individual content included therein, except for acts performed using the official functions of the digital version, editing, processing, translating, adapting, publishing, reprinting, distributing, broadcasting, dictating, exhibiting, selling, publicly transmitting (including making it available for transmission and posting on a homepage or intranet on the Internet), or modifying the digital version or individual content included therein, or providing or redistributing content that has undergone any of these acts to a third party.
(3) Any act of using the digital version for commercial purposes or any act intended to prepare for such use.
(4) Making false declarations or notifications or committing crimes such as fraud
(5) Impersonating another user or a third party to use the digital version
(6) Attempting to gain unauthorized access to the Digital Edition or other computer systems or networks connected to the Digital Edition, or other acts that disrupt the operation of the Digital Edition.
(7) With regard to the digital version, acts of collecting, extracting, analyzing, or storing data using data mining, robots, etc., without our prior written permission, and acts of collecting, extracting, analyzing, or storing information or data for the development, learning, or use of AI or for other purposes.
(8) Any act prohibited by the Company under these Terms and Conditions
(9) Any act violating laws and regulations.
(10) Any other actions that the Company deems inappropriate based on reasonable grounds, in addition to the above.
Article 11 User Support
Inquiries regarding the digital version, including follow-up inquiries regarding our response, can be made via the General Guide's inquiry page or by telephone (toll-free number 0120-383-636).
Article 12 Effect of these Terms
If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found to be in violation of laws and regulations, or is found to be invalid or unenforceable, all other provisions shall remain valid.
Article 13 Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions are governed by Japanese law.
In the event that litigation becomes necessary regarding these Terms and Conditions, the Tokyo District Court shall be the exclusive court of first instance.
■ Supplementary Provisions
These Terms and Conditions: Effective July 28, 2020
Terms and Conditions: Revised April 1, 2022
These Terms and Conditions: Revised on March 9, 2023
Terms and Conditions: Revised June 1, 2023