Terms and conditions of use and sale for the ASDA Groceries Site
Last Updated: 20/05/2025

The ASDA Groceries Site aims to give You a superb home shopping service. We have set out below the conditions under which You are allowed to use the Site, what You can expect from Us and see the terms on which You place Your order.

­

1. DEFINITION OF TERMS
"You" and "Your" means the person ordering Goods from ASDA, who must be over 18 years of age.

"ASDA" or "We" or "Us" or "Our" means ASDA Stores Limited whose registered office is at ASDA House, Southbank, Great Wilson Street, Leeds, LS11 5AD.

"Account" means Your details and shopping history which is created when You register to shop through the Our Groceries Site.

"Collect" means You collecting or the person You have asked to collect on your behalf the goods that You order from the ASDA store address that is stated in Your order (and that address must be within Our collection catchment area) and "Collection", "Collecting" and "Collected" shall be interpreted accordingly.

"Deliver" means Us (or a third party delivery agent nominated by Us) delivering the goods that You order to the address stated in Your order (and that address must be within Our delivery area) and "Delivery" and "Delivered" shall be interpreted accordingly.

“Express” means an on-the-day booked slot for a Delivery or Collection and “Express Delivery” and “Express Collection” shall be interpreted accordingly.

"Let Us Know" means change or cancel Your order via Our Groceries Site or by contacting us through one of the methods set out in our Help Centre. You may also write to Us at Head of Home Shopping, ASDA House, Southbank, Great Wilson Street, Leeds, LS11 5AD.

"Site" or "Website" means Our Groceries Website at  www.asda.com  (which shall also include our ASDA  shopping mobile applications) and for the avoidance of doubt, excludes purchases of financial services goods, and from all other areas of ASDA.com.

­

2. TERMS OF USE
This section explains how You are allowed to access and use the Site.

­

2.1 Use of and access to the Site
2.1.1 From time to time it will be necessary for Us to carry out maintenance on the Site which may result in occasional periods of downtime.

2.1.2 We can't promise that the Site will be uninterrupted or error-free or that defects in the Site will be corrected.

2.1.3 You can use the Site to browse and buy goods and services from Us and to manage your account with Us but not for any other purpose.

2.1.4 You must not use Your ASDA email/username and password combination to access the Site, or any part of the Site, including Your shopping list or favourite items, from anyone else's site. That is because access to the Site by commercial organisations, whether or not acting on behalf of Our customers, is strictly prohibited.

­

2.2 Content of the Site
2.2.1 We may update the Site from time to time, and may change the content at any time. However, please note that any of the content on the Site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update it. Although we try to update the information on the Site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, that the content on the Site is accurate, complete or up-to-date.

2.2.2 We may release updates to our ASDA grocery shopping mobile applications from time to time. Following the release of an application update, older versions will not be supported. You should ensure that you are using the latest release of the application and update it whenever a new version is released. If you continue to use an older version once an update has been made available the older unsupported version may not function correctly, information contained within it may not be accurate and it may not reflect legislative changes or changes to our processes and procedures.

2.2.3 We do not guarantee that the Site, or any content on it, will be free from errors or omissions.

2.2.4 All rights, including without limitation any intellectual property rights, in any data on the Site, or any part of the Site, provided by Us or You, or any third party, such as for example Your shopping list or favourite items (the Data) will automatically be owned by ASDA. You agree that You are not allowed to use the Data, or permit any third party to use it, without Our express permission. If the law prevents us from automatically owning any rights in the Data, you now assign such rights to us.

2.2.5 You are responsible for configuring Your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access the Site. You should use Your own virus protection software.

2.2.6 You must not misuse the Site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to the Site, the server on which the Site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to the Site. You must not attack the Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, You would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and We will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing Your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, Your right to use the Website will cease immediately.

­

2.3 Non ASDA Websites. Sometimes to help You in Your shopping experience We may include links to other non ASDA websites. As You would expect, ASDA is not responsible for the content of those websites.

2.4 Governing Law. These terms of use are subject to English law and the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.

2.5 Changes to these Terms. If We make any changes to these terms of use We will let You know as soon as possible by posting the changes on Our Site.

­

3. TERMS OF SALE
These terms of sale will apply if You place orders on Our Site.

­

3.1 Becoming a Customer
3.1.1 To place an order on Our Site You must be over 18 years of age, require Delivery in Our Delivery area or a Collection in Our stores and have a credit or debit card acceptable to Us in Your name.

3.1.2 When You register You will create a username and password which You must use whenever You shop with Us. You must treat Your username and password as confidential and must not disclose it to any third party. Please keep this information in a safe place because You will be responsible for all activities and orders made under Your password and username. If You think that someone else may either know or be using Your username and password, please contact Us immediately.

3.1.3 We reserve the right to decline a new customer registration or to suspend or disable Your Account at any time and at Our sole discretion.

­

3.2 Our Contract
3.2.1 Our Site invites You to buy goods from Us. Once You have placed an order on the Site We will send You an order acknowledgement by email setting out what You have ordered and the price of Your order. This is not an order confirmation or acceptance from Us. A legally binding contract with You will only arise once We have completed Delivery of the goods to You or You have (or the person you have requested to Collect on your behalf has) completed Collection of the goods from Us. At this time You become the owner of the goods. This means that You will have no legal liability in connection with Your order until Delivery or Collection (as applicable) is completed.

3.2.2 These terms regulate the supply of goods to You by ASDA. Any other terms, conditions or representations (other than those made fraudulently or implied by statute) are excluded.

3.2.3 The failure of ASDA to take any action in respect of a breach of these terms and conditions shall not constitute a waiver of their enforceability. ASDA reserves its rights in respect of these terms and conditions at all times.

­

3.3 Price
3.3.1 The price of the item(s) You order will be the price on the Site at the time You place Your order or amend Your order. If a new price or promotion is in place after You have placed Your order for example, a multi-buy offer or price reduction which may be advertised on the packaging of goods you have ordered, these prices and promotions will not be applied to Your order.

3.3.2 We give You the choice of ordering certain items such as fruit and vegetables either by weight or by quantity. As it is difficult to select loose items such as these to an exact weight, if You order these items by weight We'll charge You for the actual weight picked - and We always try and get as near as possible to the weight You ordered. Loose items are priced by weight in store, meaning that if You order by quantity and the items picked in store have a higher than average weight, You may be charged more than the guide price given online at time of order. If the items in store have a lower than average weight, You may be charged less than the guide price given online at time of order.

3.3.3 In addition to the price you will also be charged:-

a. a Delivery slot or a Collection slot charge; and

b. If the total price of Your items for Delivery is £39.99 or less; or Collection is £24.99 or less then You will be charged an additional £3 (the “Minimum Basket Charge”).

All charges, with the exception of single use carrier bag charges, will be displayed in the ‘Your Trolley’ section on the Site. The total price of Your items excludes delivery, collection and carrier bag charges.

3.3.4 For Your protection and security, and in order to verify the debit or credit card details provided, We will contact Your card issuer and perform a 3DS authentication check, we will also perform a pre-authorisation when You checkout your order to verify Your card. We will also perform a pre-authorisation check when You amend Your order. It is important to point out that this pre-authorisation is NOT a charge to Your card and will not be billed to You.

3.3.5 The day before or on the day your order is Delivered or Collected, we will request a pre-authorisation for the amount of Your order at the time it was checked out, which is the amount shown to You when You confirm Your online order. We do this to ensure that the card details are still valid and that You have sufficient funds to complete the transaction.

3.3.6 We will debit the total value of the order you receive once it has been Delivered or Collected. If there are differences between Your checked out order and the contents of Your Delivered or Collected order, or items have been rejected on delivery, then the price We debit will be the price of the delivered order. In the event the total value of goods Delivered is less than the checked out order amount (for example if an item was unavailable and removed from Your order or due to price changes in accordance with

3.3.1 above), You will be charged for the order delivered. In the event the total value of goods delivered is more than the checked out order amount (for example if the price of weighted items differs from the amount specified in Your order in accordance with

3.3.2 above or due to price changes in accordance with

3.3.1 above) The total amount payable by You for Your order will be only for goods received on delivery or collection.

3.3.7 All prices quoted are inclusive of any Value Added or other tax

­

3.4 No Excuses Guaranteed Changing your Mind
3.4.1 You can cancel Your order at any time prior to Delivery or Collection. If You want to add Goods to Your order or remove Goods and keep the same Delivery or Collection date, You need to Let Us Know before the order cut off time specified in Your order confirmation found on Your ASDA online account, a copy of Your ASDA order confirmation will also be emailed to You. Note that this option to add or remove Goods and keep the same Delivery or Collection date is not available for Express Delivery or Express Collections. However if You forget or change Your mind later, You can request a refund by following the steps at clause 3.4.3 below. If you find an item(s) is missing, you can request a refund for the missing item(s) within 3 days of Delivery or Collection through Your Asda Grocery Home Shopping account or within 30 days of Delivery or Collection via our Help Centre. Refunds are subject to checks in accordance with our returns criteria and processing.

3.4.2 You can change Your order anytime up to Delivery or Collection, but We won't necessarily be able to Deliver during Your originally selected Delivery slot, or provide Your Collection during Your originally selected Collection slot (and we won’t be able to do this if you have booked an Express slot). We may need to agree another day and time to complete Your order.

3.4.3 If you have ordered items which are not liable to deteriorate, or expire rapidly, and are not listed in clause 3.4.4 below You are able to change your mind and cancel your order for any reason within 30 days after Delivery or Collection for a full refund via our Help Centre. You will not be able to change your mind and cancel an order for items which are listed in clause 3.4.4 below after a period of 4 days from Collection or Delivery unless these items are damaged or faulty or in any way does not meet Our usual high standards. Items which are liable to deteriorate, or expire rapidly can be returned in accordance with clause 3.4.6 below.

3.4.4 Your right to return an item does not apply to certain goods unless these goods are faulty on Delivery or Collection or mis-described. These items are:

Chilled and frozen products;

Newspapers and magazines;

CDs, DVDs, videos and computer software (which may be restricted to an exchange for the same title to reduce the risk of unlicensed copying). These items must be unused and in the original security sealed packaging.

items which cannot be resold for health and hygiene reasons once unwrapped (e.g. example body jewellery, mattresses, bedding, certain items of clothing, personal grooming products, medicines and certain baby products); flat pack furniture that has been partially or fully assembled;

and items which have been installed using Our installation service.

Orders which fail to meet our usual high standards

3.4.5 When Your items are delivered please check that the order is not damaged. In the event that Your order is visibly damaged or in any way does not meet Our usual high standards, please Let Us know as soon as possible via our Help Centre. You can also request a refund through Your Asda Grocery Home Shopping account within 3 days of Delivery or Collection. Refunds are subject to checks in accordance with our returns criteria (at 3.4.6 below) and processing.

3.4.6 If you discover that an item is damaged or faulty or in any way does not meet Our usual high standards, please do not continue to use your item(s) and please retain the original packaging where possible. You are responsible for the goods from Delivery or Collection and You must store the goods in the manner appropriate to the type of goods (e.g. keep chilled items chilled, frozen item frozen etc.) as We may require them to be returned and they must be returned to Us in the same condition as they were Delivered to, or Collected by, You. The returns policy for damaged or faulty items is set out below:

Returns policy for items which are not liable to deteriorate, or expire rapidly - If You return an item(s) which is damaged or faulty, mis-described or parts are missing straightaway or within 30 days of delivery or collection you may request either a full refund, a price reduction, or replacement or repair of the item(s). If You discover the item(s) is damaged, faulty, mis-described or parts are missing after 30 days from delivery or collection, You may return the item(s) and request either a repair or replacement. If the repair or replacement provided by Us is not satisfactory, You can then request either a refund or price reduction. Please note that sometimes it will not be possible for Us to provide a replacement or repair for an item (e.g. because the product/parts no longer exist). In these circumstances ASDA will offer You a refund or price reduction.

Returns policy for items which are liable to deteriorate, or expire rapidly - If You are not happy with the quality of any item(s), We will happily offer you a replacement item(s) or refund the money paid for the item(s) if You let Us know before the expiry of the "use by" or "best before" date indicated on the item(s) or, where an item is loose and does not specify a "use by" or "best before" date, within 7 days after You received Your order. You must store the item(s) in the manner appropriate to the type of goods (e.g. keep chilled goods chilled) as We may require them to be returned and they must be returned to Us in the same condition they were Delivered to, or Collected by, You. Note that sometimes it will not be possible for Us to provide a replacement for an item (e.g. because the item no longer exists). In these circumstances We will offer you a refund for the item only.

3.4.7 We take great care to source Our fresh produce from sustainable and ethical sources, supporting growers when seasonality and availability permit. This involves produce being sourced when it is in season from countries around the world. Consequently You may receive the same product from a number of different countries throughout the year. You will be able to see the country of origin on the pack at the point of Delivery or Collection, or alternatively You can ring Your local store and ask for the country of origin of any item of produce. If the country of origin of Our produce does not meet Your expectations We will happily refund the money if you let Us know within 7 days after You received Your order. You must store the goods in the manner appropriate to the type of goods (e.g. keep chilled items chilled) as We may require them to be returned and they must be returned to Us in the same condition they were Delivered to, or Collected by, You.

3.4.8 Many of Our own brand products carry the Try Me Love Me promise and if You’re not 100% satisfied with them please contact Customer Services via our Help Centre and We will arrange for a refund and also an e-voucher will be credited to Your Account (to the equivalent value) to allow You to choose a replacement product as part of your next online shop with Us. Our Try Me Love Me promise applies to any item featuring Try Me Love Me on the packaging.

How refunds work

3.4.9 If You are entitled to return goods or cancel Your order under this clause 3.4 and We have already debited Your card, We will reimburse any sum received from You including the cost of the standard delivery charge if applicable, in respect of such goods by crediting the card You paid with. Where You have specifically requested a refund via eGift Card, rather than a credit to the card You paid with, clause 3.12 shall apply to the issue and use of that eGift Card. We shall not refund the difference between the standard delivery charge and any premium delivery charge you have selected when ordering the goods. Please note that We shall not be responsible for any return costs for goods returned unless they are faulty, or otherwise permitted by these terms. Refunds onto Your payment card can take up to 20 days to appear in your bank or credit card account. This may depend on which bank you use and where it is located. We will make any refunds within 14 days of receiving the goods back or if we are collecting the goods from you, within 14 days of receiving your notification to us that You wish to return the goods.

3.4.10 If You have any problems with your purchase, or want advice on whether your items are considered liable to deteriorate or expire rapidly, we can offer help and assistance. Please see our Help Centre.

3.4.11 Your rights under UK or your national consumer legislation and any Manufacturer Guarantees are not affected.

­

3.5 Stock Shortages on Popular Goods
3.5.1 We do Our best to ensure that We have amazing availability but We do occasionally run out of some goods. When You place Your order We will ask if You would like Us to substitute an alternative similar product if Your chosen goods are not in stock at the time We dispatch Your order. If You do and when You receive Your order, You are not happy with the substitution, please Let Us Know as soon as You can so that We may handle this in accordance with clause 3.4. Please read all information on the product label carefully including any accepted substituted products. Where you have a standard Delivery (not an Express Delivery) where it is possible to do so, Our drivers will take You through the substitutions on the doorstep so if You let Our driver know s/he will take the goods away at that time. Where you have an Express Delivery our nominated third party courier driver will not be able to take you through the substitutions nor will they be able to take away the goods at the time, instead, please accept the goods and refer to the Help Centre or perform a self-serve refund through the ASDA Online Grocery website or mobile application. Where possible to do so, Our Collection colleagues will take You through the substitutions upon Collection, so if You let Our Collection colleague know s/he will take the goods away at that time.

­

3.6 Delivering Your Goods
3.6.1 We always aim to Deliver Your goods within the Delivery slot We have agreed with You, but We cannot accept liability if We Deliver the goods outside of this slot or don't Deliver all or any of the goods in Your order. Instances where it may not be possible to deliver Your order may include (but not limited to):

where the driver believes it is unsafe or impractical to approach the property

where the driver believes it is unsafe to deliver due to an uncontrolled/dangerous dog

where the driver cannot deliver to the property due to bad weather

3.6.2 Ownership of, and risk in, the goods will pass to You once Your order has been Delivered. Read all information on the product label carefully including any accepted substituted products. If the delivery address stated on Your order is not the address where You live We will not be liable for any damage or detriment to the goods caused by their onward delivery to You.

3.6.3 We can only Deliver to an address stored in Your address book in the Your Account section of Our Site. We can only make a Delivery to an address within Our delivery area.

3.6.4 Our commitment is to deliver Your order to Your front door and offer to take it into Your home. There may be circumstances where this may not be possible (including but not limited to):

where the driver believes they are at risk of injury;

where the driver believes any stairs to Your front door are structurally unsafe;

where the driver believes it is unsafe to enter the property;

where the driver has not received clear permission to enter the property.

where the driver is under instructions from Us not to enter the property (for example, due to Government guidelines ).

In these circumstances the driver may ask to meet you in another location, as close as possible to your front door. If You are unable to meet the driver in another location then Your delivery may not be completed. You will not be charged if We are unable to successfully deliver Your Goods.

3.6.5. We are an ethical retailer and are committed to upholding both our legal and social obligations as a retailer of products. To achieve this position, we have a number of control checks throughout our purchase and delivery process, for example, we will only deliver to somebody who is, in our reasonable opinion, aged 18 or over.

It is your responsibility to ensure that the person accepting delivery is over 18 and can demonstrate this to us if challenged. If we are not satisfied that the person accepting delivery is over the age of 18, then we may not hand over your delivery. If there is no one at the Delivery address who is 18 years of age or over, we'll notify You of Our visit and will return the goods to Our store. We'll then contact You to arrange re-Delivery at a convenient time. You may have to pay another Delivery charge for this.

We also follow a "Challenge 25" policy for the purchase of alcohol and other age restricted products such as tobacco, DVDs and aerosols. Accordingly, when delivering age restricted products, if the person accepting your order appears to be under the age of 25, the driver will request photo ID (such as a passport, EU Photocard driving licence, National ID cards or proof of age card e.g. Citizencard, Validate UK, Portman Group card or local authority card with a holographic PASS logo) to prove that they are over the age of 18 and can lawfully purchase such products.

3.6.6 Due to licensing restrictions We can only Deliver alcohol during the licensing hours that are within Our Delivery times. These may vary by local store restrictions .

3.6.7 Recurring Slots

In the event that we open the ability to book recurring Delivery slots to you please note that only one recurring slot will be possible at any time and the recurring slot will remain active against your Asda Groceries account until the earliest of: (i) you not using the recurring slot on two occasions; (ii) your cancellation of the slot; or (iii) our cancellation of the recurring slot at our discretion (for example, we may need to cancel the recurring slots on occasion due to operational constraints of our business or pandemic related capacity constraints). Please remember to actively choose to “skip” a slot in Your Account that you won’t be using, so that You avoid the recurring slot being cancelled automatically after two occasions of it being missed. Booking of recurring slots will always be subject to the availability of that slot at the time, and We are unable to guarantee any recurring slots (particularly where they fall on busy periods, such as a Bank Holiday; over the Christmas or Easter periods or busy periods due to any other unforeseen circumstances).

­

3.7 Collecting Your Goods
3.7.1 We always aim for You to be able to Collect Your order within the Collection slot We have agreed with You, but We cannot accept liability if We provide the goods for Collection outside of this slot or do not provide all or any of the goods in Your Collection order.

3.7.2 Ownership of, and risk in, the goods will pass to You once You have (or the person You have requested to Collect on Your behalf has) Collected Your order.

3.7.3 We can only allow Collection of orders from the ASDA store address stated in Your order (and that address must be within our collection catchment area). Your address (as stated in Your address book in the Your Account section of Our Site) must also be within Our collection catchment area

3.7.4 For security reasons, Our Collection colleague will ask You (or the person You have requested to Collect on Your behalf) a security question at the point of Collection of Your order. If You or the person You have requested to Collect on Your behalf are not able to answer the security question at the point of Collection We reserve the right to return the goods to Our store. You must treat Your security details as confidential and must not disclose it to any third party (unless you have requested someone to Collect the order on Your behalf). If You think that someone else may either know or be using Your security details and You have not authorised them to Collect Your order on Your behalf, please contact Us immediately.

3.7.5 If there is no one to collect Your order at the Collection point who is 18 years of age or over, We will notify You and return the goods to Our store. We'll then contact You to re-arrange Collection at a convenient time. You may have to pay another Collection charge for this. Customers who are lucky enough not to look 25 or over, will be asked by Our Collection colleague to provide proof of age to show that they are 18 or over. Orders can only be Collected by persons over 18 years of age to ensure that We comply with laws regarding the sale of age-restricted goods e.g. alcohol.

3.7.6 Due to licensing restrictions We can only provide alcohol for Collection during the licensing hours that are within Our Collection times. These will vary by store.

­

3.8 What We are Not Liable For
3.8.1 Whilst We take every care to Deliver Your order or provide Your order for Collection (as applicable), We cannot be liable for any indirect or consequential loss or damage or loss of profits or reliance You had in having the goods Delivered to You or having the goods available for Collection from Us, arising out of Our supply or failure to supply the goods to You.

3.8.2 Nothing in this Agreement shall in any way limit Our liability for death or personal injury resulting from Our breach of contract, tort or negligence nor limit any legal rights You have as a consumer.

3.8.3. The goods are sold to You on the basis that You are a consumer therefore We will not be liable for any special losses that You might suffer using, re-distributing or reselling the goods as part of a business.

3.8.4 With the exception of faulty goods or returns made in accordance with clause 3.4 of these terms, We shall not be liable for goods once they have been Delivered to the delivery address, or Collected from us at the collection address, stated in Your order and if You ask a third party to move, transport or deliver the goods to any other address following Our Delivery or Your Collection, We shall not be liable for anything that that third party might do to the goods.

­

3.9 Use of Cards
3.9.1 If You find Your card has been used without Your authority please tell Us within 24 hours of finding out. You must also tell Your card issuer within the time limits You agree in Your card scheme rules.

3.9.2 You must pay for Your order using a UK based credit or debit card.

­

3.10 Expiry Dates
3.10.1 The colleagues who put together Your order are carefully trained to select goods with a reasonable amount of time left on the expiry date (just as You would if You were in store shopping Yourself). However, please note that some fresh produce items naturally only have limited shelf life when they arrive in the store, therefore it is reasonable for them to have a shelf life of less than two days when they are Delivered or Collected.

3.10.2 A ‘typical life’ logo may be displayed next to some of Our fresh produce items to show You the typical shelf life You can expect of that product from the date of Delivery or Collection. While We try our best to give You an accurate estimate of a product’s typical shelf life, due to the nature of fresh produce, We cannot guarantee that a product will stay fresh for the typical shelf life displayed.

­

3.11 eVouchers
3.11.1 eVouchers are valid only on Grocery shopping orders placed on Our Groceries Site subject to these general terms and conditions. Your use of an eVoucher indicates Your agreement to be bound by these eVoucher terms and any eVoucher terms on the eVoucher itself. ASDA will only honour an eVoucher if it is used in line with these terms and conditions of issue. Your discount applies across all eligible items.eVouchers are non-refundable. Your discount applies across all eligible items – a £10 eVoucher used to buy 10 items costing £10 each (£100 spend) will take £1 from each item. So, a refund on one of these items will only be for £9.If the value of your order drops below the value of the eVoucher, you will not be eligible for a refund. This can happen if there is a cheaper substitution, an unavailable item, or you reject an item from us

3.11.2 eVouchers that have not been issued by ASDA cannot be used on Our Site.

3.11.3 eVouchers that have been issued by ASDA are and shall remain the property of ASDA.

3.11.4 eVouchers automatically apply to eligible baskets at checkout. You can view all your current eVouchers on the eVouchers page.

3.11.5 Each eVoucher issued is subject to specific terms and conditions of use. Unless expressly stated otherwise:

eVouchers cannot be used in ASDA stores;

eVouchers are not transferable and there is no cash alternative available.

Each eVoucher issued may be subject to other terms and conditions of use which may include, amongst other things:

only for use on orders placed on specific day(s) or within a specified period;

only for use on orders for Delivery or Collection on specific day(s);

only for use on orders for Delivery or Collection within a specified timeslot;

only for use on orders of a specific value;

only for use on a first order by a new customer;

only valid on orders that must contain a specific product, or a combination of specific goods;

may exclude certain goods (including alcohol, tobacco, infant formula milk and prescription medicines, and may exclude other goods as may be specified by Asda from time to time);

cannot be used in conjunction with either specific eVoucher(s) or any other eVoucher(s) whatsoever.

3.11.6 All eVouchers have an expiry date. After the expiry date the eVoucher will be removed from Your Account.

3.11.7 All offers are subject to availability and while stocks last.

3.11.8 eVoucher value(s) may be adjusted if the total discount value is greater than the value of Your order.

3.11.9 ASDA reserves the right to withdraw or cancel any of its eVouchers at any time, either as a whole or for specific goods, or Delivery or Collection areas. If this happens, then the eVouchers may not be used for any orders placed after the date of withdrawal or cancellation. ASDA reserves the right to reject or cancel the use of an eVoucher where fraud or illegal misuse is suspected.

3.11.10 All eVouchers are, and will remain at all times, the property of ASDA and are not transferable or for resale.

3.11.11 No eVoucher may be copied, reproduced, published or distributed directly or indirectly in any form for use by anyone other than the original recipient.

3.11.12 In using an eVoucher You warrant that You are the duly authorised recipient of it. If You redeem or attempt to redeem an eVoucher to which You are not entitled You may be committing a civil or criminal offence.

3.11.13 If We believe that any eVoucher is being misused illegally or where fraud is suspected, ASDA reserve the right to withdraw or cancel an eVoucher and take any further action as ASDA deem appropriate.

3.11.14 You will have no claim against ASDA in respect of such rejection or cancellation of an eVoucher.

3.11.15 ASDA shall not be liable to any customer or household for any financial loss arising out of the cancellation or withdrawal of any eVoucher or any failure or inability of a customer to use an eVoucher for any reason.

­

3.12 eGift Cards
Your request for an eGift Card

3.12.1 An eGift Card can be requested by You, instead of a refund back to Your payment card, for eligible item(s) in Grocery shopping orders placed on Our Groceries Site subject to these general terms and conditions. Your request of and/or Your use of an eGift Card indicates Your agreement to be bound by these eGift Card terms and any eGift Card terms referenced in the eGift Card itself. ASDA will only honour an eGift Card if it is used in line with these terms and conditions of issue.

3.12.2 We will ask You to confirm Your choice to request an eGift Card instead of a refund back to Your method of payment. Once You have made that decision, You cannot change Your mind. We will always reserve the right to approve or deny an issue of an eGift Card to You and each request by You will be subject to Our approval.

3.12.3 ASDA eGift Cards are issued by ASDA Stores Limited, Great Wilson Street, Leeds, LS11 5AD.

3.12.4 Your eGift Card is non-transferable, please keep the eGift Card secure and treat the eGift Card like cash, as the card number is unique to You. We cannot offer a physical gift card, or cash in place of the balance if it is lost, faulty or stolen.

3.12.5 ASDA cannot be held liable for lost, faulty or stolen cards or any credit amounts on such eGift Cards.

3.12.6 ASDA reserves the right to amend the terms and conditions that apply to eGift Cards and/or discontinue the issue of eGift Cards at any time. If this happens, then the eGift Cards may not be used for any purchases after the date of withdrawal or cancellation.

3.12.7 No eGift Card may be copied, reproduced, published or distributed directly or indirectly in any form for use by anyone other than the original recipient.

3.12.8 In using an eGift Card You warrant that You are the duly authorised recipient of it. If You redeem or attempt to redeem an eGift Card to which You are not entitled You may be committing a civil or criminal offence.

3.12.9 If We believe that any eGift Card is being misused illegally or where fraud is suspected, ASDA reserve the right to withdraw or cancel an eGift Card and take any further action as ASDA deem appropriate.

3.12.10 You will have no claim against ASDA in respect of such rejection or cancellation of an eGift Card.

3.12.11 ASDA shall not be liable to any customer or household for any financial loss arising out of the cancellation or withdrawal of any eGift Card or any failure or inability of a customer to use an eGift Card for any reason.

Limits and exclusions of an eGift Card

3.12.12 Valid eGift Cards can be used in full or part-payment for purchases: 
(i) online on Our Groceries Site; 
(ii) online on the George Website (https://direct.asda.com/george/); and 
(iii) in any ASDA store within the U.K. (but excluding ASDA petrol stations, ASDA On the Move and at any third party concessions), 
but cannot be used to purchase: (i) third party concessions or products; (ii) gift cards, (iii) tobacco; (iv) stamps; (v) petrol; (vi) lottery tickets; (vii) scratch cards; and (viii) phone credit top ups;

3.12.13 A maximum of £500 can be provided on a single eGift Card.

3.12.14 Your eGift Card will be valid of a period of 2 years from the later of: (i) its issue date; (ii) your last transaction (being either payment via the eGift Card or a top up of the eGift Card). Any unused balance will be lost after this date.

3.12.15 eGift Cards are not a cheque guarantee, credit or charge card and no interest is paid on card balances.

3.12.16 No change can be given on the eGift Cards and the balance on the eGift Card cannot be exchanged for cash.

3.12.17. ASDA will not keep money deposited on eGift Cards separate from its own funds. eGift Card balances are not covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme or the Financial Ombudsman Service.

How to use your eGift Card

3.12.18 To use the eGift Card in an eligible store, please present the E-Gift card as a print out or on Your phone screen to the checkout operator. Alternatively, scan at the self-scan checkout in store. The amount deposited or redeemed from an eGift Card will be shown on the till receipt which You should keep.

3.12.19 To use the eGift Card on Our Groceries Site or George.com select to add an eGift Card at checkout and input the eGift Card and pin. The amount redeemed from the eGift Card will be shown on your email order receipt which You should keep, You will be able to see Your remaining balance by adding the eGift Card to a new order.

­

3.13 Packaging
3.13.1 If You choose home Delivery or Click and Collect from store You will receive Your shopping conveniently in crates (or where it is an Express Delivery this will be brought to your door in a carrier or insulated bag owned by the driver) for You to unpack. The ASDA colleague will then take the crates (or any bags owned and used by the driver where it is an Express Delivery) back when You have finished.

3.13.2 Please note that for food safety reasons We will still need to pack certain items into single-use carrier bags, such as fresh meat and fish. For these items, the single-use carrier bags will be free of charge.

­

3.14 Delivery Pass
3.14.1 The Asda Delivery Pass ("Delivery Pass") is provided by Asda Stores Limited ("we", "us", "our"). These terms and conditions set out the rules which apply to your purchase of a Delivery Pass.

To purchase a Delivery Pass you must be over 18 years of age and have a credit or debit card acceptable to us which is in your name.

The Delivery Pass means that you can receive (subject to the limitations set out in these terms and conditions) unlimited standard Deliveries of orders (note this does not include Express Deliveries) which you have placed on our grocery online website / ("Asda Groceries") in return for the payment of either a one-off fee or monthly instalments.

You can purchase the following Delivery Passes:

Anytime Delivery Pass - 12 months (excludes Express Deliveries);

Midweek Delivery Pass - 12 months (excludes Express Deliveries);

Anytime Delivery Pass – 6 months (excludes Express Deliveries);

Midweek Delivery Pass – 6 month (excludes Express Deliveries);

3.14.2 You can opt into (or opt out of) auto renewal of your Delivery Pass at any time by logging into Your Account and selecting that option. All auto-renewals will be processed at the Delivery Pass price on the date of renewal. Prior to any auto-renewal, we will contact you not less than 28 days before the renewal to allow you to cancel the Delivery Pass. Where we offer any other Delivery Passes on less than 12 month terms or via a goodwill gesture, these Delivery Passes will not automatically renew and should you wish to extend the period you will need to purchase a further Delivery Pass for any continuation.

3.14.3 To use your Delivery Pass you must spend £40 or more on your order on Asda Groceries (“Minimum Qualifying Spend”). We reserve the right to increase or decrease the Minimum Qualifying Spend at any time.  Any change in the Minimum Qualifying Spend will only apply to any Delivery Pass which you purchase after we have made the change or upon any auto-renewal at the end of your Delivery Pass term.

Paying for your Delivery Pass

3.14.4 You can choose to pay for your Delivery Pass either by paying a one-off fee when you purchase your Delivery Pass or by paying for your Delivery Pass in monthly instalments.

3.14.5 If you choose to pay monthly we will collect payment from the account which you have notified to us. The first instalment will be collected on the date on which you purchase your Delivery Pass and each subsequent instalment will be collected on or around the same day of each subsequent calendar month during the selected Delivery Pass term.

3.14.6 If we are unable to collect payment from you using the payment method you have selected we will email you to notify you that the collection of the payment has been unsuccessful and you will have 5 days to update your payment details. Until we have received any outstanding payments your Delivery Pass will be suspended and if we are still unable to collect payment following the 5 day period your Delivery Pass will be cancelled and You will not be eligible for the Saving Guarantee.

When can you use your Delivery Pass?

3.14.7 Once you've purchased your Delivery Pass you can start using it immediately for orders which You place on Asda Groceries subject to the Minimum Qualifying Spend. You are not guaranteed a delivery slot through purchase of the Delivery Pass but you may choose any available delivery slot appropriate to the type of Delivery Pass which you have purchased. You cannot use your Delivery Pass to book Express Delivery slots, if you do book an Express slot, these will be subject to the Delivery charge for that slot.

3.14.8 If you have an Anytime Delivery Pass you can use your Anytime Delivery Pass for the delivery of any qualifying order that you have placed on Asda Groceries subject to a cap of one delivery per day.

3.14.9 If you have a Midweek Delivery Pass you can use your Midweek Delivery Pass for the delivery of any qualifying order that you have placed on Asda Groceries to be delivered on a Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday subject to a cap of one delivery per day. If you have an order delivered on any other day of the week outside of this period you will be charged separately for delivery in accordance with the charges detailed on Asda Groceries.

Can you use your Delivery Pass to have orders delivered to another address?

3.14.10 You can nominate another address to have your orders delivered to but your Delivery Pass can only be used by you and cannot be shared with anyone else. You cannot transfer the Delivery Pass to someone else's name. If you are holidaying in the UK and want us to deliver an order to your holiday destination we will happily do this and you may use your Delivery Pass. However, you may not use your Delivery Pass where you ask us to deliver to other addresses such as friends or family where you are not the recipient of the order. We will monitor delivery addresses to make sure our customers are getting the best service we can offer and to ensure that your Delivery Pass is not being abused. We withhold the right to cancel your Delivery Pass at any time if we think you are using it outside of these Terms and Conditions. Where the Delivery Pass is cancelled for this reason we will not be able to refund any payments we have already received for that Delivery Pass but we will not charge you for future instalments that would have fallen due.

Missed Delivery

3.14.11 If we attempt to deliver your order and you are not at the address you have stipulated on the agreed day and time we will charge you for any additional delivery that we need to make for that order.

Seasonal Priority Booking

3.14.12 Delivery Pass holders shall have priority access to book Delivery slots during the week prior to Easter and for the period running one week before Christmas until and including New Year's Eve.

We cannot guarantee Delivery during such periods and slots will be subject to availability. Please note this priority does not apply to Express Collection slots or Express Delivery slots.

Recurring Slots

3.14.13 Where you have an active Delivery Pass you will be able to book recurring delivery slots. Only one recurring slot will be possible at any time and the recurring slot will remain active against your Asda Groceries account until the earliest of you not using the recurring slot on two occasions, or the expiry/cancellation of your Delivery Pass. Please remember to actively choose to “skip” a slot in Your Account that you won’t be using, so that You avoid the recurring slot being cancelled automatically after two occasions of it being missed. Recurring slots are not guaranteed (particularly those falling on a Bank Holiday or over the Christmas or Easter periods or due to any other unforeseen circumstances).

Cancellation within 14 days cooling off period

3.14.14 There is a fourteen day cooling off period which starts: (i) when you initially purchase; and (ii) when You auto renew your Delivery Pass during which you can cancel your Delivery Pass.

3.14.15 If you want to cancel your Asda Groceries Delivery Pass inside this 14-day cooling off period and have not used it, we will refund the cost of the Delivery Pass in full onto Your payment card.

Cancellation outside of the 14 days cooling off period

3.14.17 If you want to cancel your Asda Groceries Delivery Pass outside of this 14 day cooling off period, whether You have used Your Delivery Pass or not, we will not be able to refund any payments we have already received and You will no longer be eligible for the Savings Guarantee in accordance with paragraph 3.14.21.

3.14.18 If You have any queries, problems or issues with Your Delivery Pass please consult our Help Centre.

Liability

3.14.19 The Delivery Pass is sold to you on the basis that you are a consumer and we will not be liable for any business loss (including but not by way of limitation, loss of profits, revenue, contracts, anticipated savings, or wasted expenditure). If we are in breach of these terms and conditions we will only be responsible for losses that you suffer as a direct result of that breach to the extent that those losses are reasonably foreseeable to both of us at the time you purchase your Delivery Pass.

3.14.20 This section shall not limit or affect our liability if we act negligently and this causes death or personal injury and does not otherwise exclude or limit any liability which law prohibits us from limiting or excluding.

Saving Guarantee

3.14.21 We guarantee that your Delivery Pass will cost you less than you would otherwise pay for the delivery of orders that you make on Asda Groceries during the period during which your Delivery Pass is active ("Delivery Pass Period"). At the end of your Delivery Pass Period we will calculate the full price of each delivery slot you booked on Asda Groceries during the Delivery Pass Period (this will only be for any qualifying Delivery Pass slot, so would not include any Express Delivery slots you have booked in addition to those). If the full price of those slots is less than the amount you paid for your Delivery Pass, we will refund you the difference. Any refund due will be made in the form of a non-transferable e–voucher which can be redeemed on Asda Groceries only. This e–voucher will be automatically uploaded into your Asda Groceries account once your Delivery Pass Period has ended. Where you have a 6 or 12 month Delivery Pass and Your Delivery Pass is cancelled before the end of the Delivery Pass Period, you will not qualify for this Saving Guarantee.

3.14.22 The Saving Guarantee offer is not valid on any 1 month Delivery Pass, a goodwill pass or the Priority Pass.

Promotional Terms

Delivery Trial

3.14.23 Where we offer a free trial of any Delivery Pass it will be subject to the terms of that offer and be valid only for customers who have not had a Delivery Pass in the previous 12 months and have not previously used a similar promotional Delivery Pass trial offer. The free trial offer is not transferable and may not be sold or shared. After the free trial period you will be charged the one-off or monthly rate for the Delivery Pass selected unless you cancel your Delivery Pass before the end of the free trial period. We may revoke this offer at any time for technical, security, or business reasons, including fraud prevention.

­

3.15 Priority Pass
a) The Asda Priority Pass ("Priority Pass") is provided by Asda Stores Limited ("we", "us", "our"). These Terms and Conditions set out the rules which apply to the Priority Pass, we are providing to eligible customers. We reserve the right to change the Terms and Conditions of the Priority Pass at any time. Priority Pass holders:

i. are a registered care home with the relevant government authority for your area (Care Quality Commission, Care Inspectorate Wales, Care Inspectorate Scotland or Regulation and Quality Improvement Authority Northern Ireland as replaced or superseded from time to time); or

ii. are a registered daycare organisation with the relevant government authority for your area (Ofsted, Care and Social Services Inspectorate Wales, Care Inspectorate Scotland or the Health and Social Services Board Northern Ireland as replaced or superseded from time to time) and have placed an order for a Delivery or Collection on our grocery online website https://groceries.asda.com ("Asda Groceries") between 1 January 2020 and 26 January 2021; and

iii. have been confirmed as a Priority Pass holder by Asda.

b) The Priority Pass means that you can receive (subject to the limitations set out in these terms and conditions) unlimited Deliveries subject to a cap of 1 per day of orders which you have placed on Asda Groceries.

c) We reserve the right to amend, end, shorten or extend the validity of the Priority Pass at any time. Where we do change this validity or make any amendments to its terms, we will ensure we give you notice of these changes, particularly if the Priority Pass is due to expire.

Priority Pass Charges

d) in addition to the price of the items in Your order and any carrier bag charges you will be charged: (i) a Delivery slot charge (or a Collection slot charge as the case may be); and (ii) except where You have booked an Express Delivery (where no Minimum Basket Charge will apply), if the total price of Your items for Delivery is £39.99 or less (or for Collection is £24.99 or less) then You will be charged an additional £3 (the “Minimum Basket Charge”).

Can you use your Priority Pass to have orders Delivered to another address?

e) You can nominate another address to have Your orders Delivered to whilst You are residing at a different address but Your Priority Pass can only be used by You and cannot be shared with anyone else. You cannot transfer the Priority Pass to someone else's name.

f) You may not use your Priority Pass where You ask us to Deliver to other addresses such as friends or family where You are not the recipient of the order.

g) We will monitor Delivery addresses to make sure our customers are getting the best service We can offer and to ensure that Your Priority Pass is not being abused. We withhold the right to cancel your Priority Pass at any time if we think You are using it outside of these Terms and Conditions.

Missed Delivery

h) If we attempt to deliver Your order and You are not at the address You have stipulated on the agreed day and time, We will return Your order to store and You will not be charged.

Priority Booking

i) The intention of the Priority Pass is that Priority Pass customers shall have priority access to book standard Delivery slots before other customers (but please note this priority will exclude seasonal priority access that is offered exclusively to Delivery Pass holders in accordance with paragraph 3.14.12 and shall also exclude any Express Delivery slots). We currently are permitting customers to see standard Delivery slots 14 days in advance and Priority Pass customers will see standard Delivery slots 21 days in advance, giving Priority Pass customers 7 days priority. We reserve the right to extend or reduce this priority period and ability to view Delivery slots at any time.

j) We cannot guarantee Delivery during such periods and slots will be subject to availability.

Recurring Slots

k) Where you have an active Priority Pass you will be able to book recurring Delivery slots. Only one recurring slot will be possible at any time and the recurring slot will remain active against your Asda Groceries account until the earliest of you not using the recurring slot on two occasions, or the expiry/cancellation of your Priority Pass. Please remember to actively choose to “skip” a slot in Your Account that you won’t be using, so that You avoid the recurring slot being cancelled automatically after two occasions of it being missed. We are unable to guarantee recurring slots (particularly where they fall on busy periods, such as a Bank Holiday; over the Christmas or Easter periods or busy periods due to any other unforeseen circumstances).

Cancellation

l) If at any time We learn You are no longer eligible for the Priority Pass in accordance with paragraph a) or You breach these Terms and Conditions (including where we expect fraud or misuse of the Priority Pass) we reserve Our right to deactivate Your Priority Pass.

Liability

m) The Priority Pass is provided to you on the basis that you are a consumer and we will not be liable for any business loss (including but not by way of limitation, loss of profits, revenue, contracts, anticipated savings, or wasted expenditure).

n) If we are in breach of these Terms and Conditions we will only be responsible for losses that You suffer as a direct result of that breach to the extent that those losses are reasonably foreseeable to both of us at the time you use your Priority Pass.

o) This section shall not limit or affect our liability if we act negligently and this causes death or personal injury and does not otherwise exclude or limit any liability which law prohibits us from limiting or excluding.

Governing Law

p) These terms and conditions are subject to English law and the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.

Changes to these Terms

q) We reserve the right to make changes to these Terms and Conditions at any time. If We make any changes to these terms and conditions We will let You know as soon as possible by posting the changes on Asda Groceries.

Where You are eligible for a Priority Pass but have an active Delivery Pass

r) Currently, if You have a Delivery Pass You will receive the same priority as a Priority Pass holder (as set out in paragraph i)). Please note we cannot guarantee availability of any slots and We reserve the right to extend or reduce any priority period and the ability to view Delivery slots at any time.

Moving from a Priority Pass to a Delivery Pass

s) Where We are offering Delivery Passes for sale and You would like to move from a Priority Pass to a Delivery Pass, You can self-serve this option in Your Account by cancelling your Priority Pass and opting into a Delivery Pass (please note Delivery Passes are subject to availability).

t) Where You have any questions on how Your Delivery Pass or Priority Pass works please refer to our Help Centre. The remaining terms below continue to apply. In the event of inconsistency between the amendments set out above and the terms below, the amendments above shall take precedence.

­

3.16 ASDA Perks Pass Trial Offer
3.16.1 The Asda Perks Trial Offer ("ASDA Perks") is provided by Asda Stores Limited ("we", "us", "our"). This section 3.16 sets out the rules which apply to ASDA Perks, we are providing to eligible customers who meet certain loyalty conditions (as set by us from time to time). Our aim is that ASDA Perks is only offered to our most loyal customers and We will always maintain sole discretion on whether we will apply ASDA Perks to a customer’s account. As a guide (but subject to our change and discretion from time to time) to be eligible for the ASDA Perks initial trial offer, You must have an active account on our grocery online website https://groceries.asda.com ("Asda Groceries") and You must have used that account to: i. place at least one Order between 19 February 2020 and 19 August 2021; and
ii. place at least 9 Orders between 19 May 2021 to 19 August 2021; and
iii. placed at least one Order every 14 days in the period 19 May 2021 to 19 August 2021; and
iv. over all Orders you have placed in the 19 May 2021 to 19 August 2021, Your average basket spend has been above £100 (after any eVouchers or ASDA colleague discount that has been applied, but excluding the Delivery charge).

3.16.2 ASDA Perks means that you can receive a number of discretionary perks as offered by ASDA from time, such as, priority access to Delivery slots and the ability to book a recurring Delivery slot (subject to the limitations set out in these terms and conditions and the offer from ASDA at the time).

3.16.3 As ASDA Perks is provided to you as a free perk to reward our loyal customers, We reserve the right to change the Terms and Conditions of, amend, end, shorten or extend the validity of ASDA Perks at any time.

When can you use your ASDA Perks?

3.16.4 Once You have received your ASDA Perks they will be automatically enabled on Your Account for use against orders for Delivery which You place on Asda Groceries which have a total basket spend of over £100 (after any eVouchers or ASDA colleague discount that has been applied, but excluding the Delivery charge).

Can you use your ASDA Perks to have orders Delivered to another address?

3.16.5 You can nominate another address to have Your orders Delivered to whilst You are residing at a different address but Your ASDA Perks can only be used by You and cannot be shared with anyone else. You cannot transfer the ASDA Perks to someone else's name.

3.16.6 You may not use your ASDA Perks where You ask us to Deliver to other addresses such as friends or family where You are not the recipient of the order.

3.16.7 We will monitor Delivery addresses to make sure our customers are getting the best service We can offer and to ensure that Your ASDA Perks is not being abused. We withhold the right to cancel your ASDA Perks at any time if we think You are using it outside of these Terms and Conditions.

Missed Delivery

3.16.8 If we attempt to deliver Your order and You are not at the address You have stipulated on the agreed day and time We will return Your order to store and You will not be charged.

Priority Booking

3.16.9 Where we include priority booking as a perk of ASDA Perks, ASDA Perks customers shall have priority access to book standard Delivery and Collection slots before other customers (but please note this priority will exclude both Express and same-day Delivery and Collection slots and unattended Delivery slots). We currently are permitting customers to see standard Delivery and Collection slots 14 days in advance and ASDA Perks customers will see standard Delivery and Collection slots 21 days in advance, giving ASDA Perks customers 7 days priority. However, due to the changing nature of our capacity, We reserve the right to extend or reduce this priority period and ability to view Delivery and Collection slots at any time.

3.16.10 As part of our priority booking offer to ASDA Perks holders, We will also include secondary priority access to book Delivery and Collection slots during the week prior to Easter and for the period running one week before Christmas until and including New Year's Eve. Please note that this priority will be ahead of standard customers, but Delivery Pass holders will maintain first priority over seasonal Delivery slots in accordance with clause 3.14.12 above.

3.16.11 We cannot guarantee Delivery or Collection during such periods and slots will be subject to availability. Please note this priority does not apply to same day or Express Delivery or Collection slots, nor unattended Delivery slots.

Recurring Slots

3.16.12 Where we include recurring slots as a perk of ASDA Perks, You will be able to book recurring Delivery slots. Only one recurring Delivery slot will be possible at any time and the recurring slot will remain active against your Asda Groceries account until earliest of you not using the recurring slot on two occasions, or the the expiry/cancellation of your ASDA Perks. Please remember to actively choose to “skip” a slot in Your Account that you won’t be using, so that You avoid the recurring slot being cancelled automatically after two occasions of it being missed. We are unable to guarantee recurring Delivery slots (particularly where they fall on busy periods, such as a Bank Holiday; over the Christmas or Easter periods or busy periods due to any other unforeseen circumstances).

Cancellation

3.16.13 If at any time We learn You are no longer eligible for ASDA Perks or You breach these Terms and Conditions (including where we expect fraud or misuse of the ASDA Perks) we reserve Our right to deactivate Your ASDA Perks.

Liability

3.16.14 ASDA Perks is provided to you on the basis that you are a consumer and we will not be liable for any business loss (including but not by way of limitation, loss of profits, revenue, contracts, anticipated savings, or wasted expenditure).

3.16.15 If we are in breach of these Terms and Conditions we will only be responsible for losses that You suffer as a direct result of that breach to the extent that those losses are reasonably foreseeable to both of us at the time you use your ASDA Perks.

3.16.16 This section shall not limit or affect our liability if we act negligently and this causes death or personal injury and does not otherwise exclude or limit any liability which law prohibits us from limiting or excluding.

Where You are have an active Delivery Pass or Priority Pass

3.16.17 If You have a Delivery Pass or a Priority Pass You will not be eligible for ASDA Perks as you will already benefit from certain priority and other benefits through those passes.

3.16.18 Where You have any questions on how ASDA Perks works please contact us at Help Centre.

­

3.17 Governing Law
These terms of sale are subject to English law and the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.

­

3.18 Changes to these Terms
These terms of sale are subject to English law and the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.

­

4 DIETARY AND LIFESTYLE SEARCH AID
Our Site offers a Dietary and Lifestyle search and filter service to aid You with dietary or lifestyle needs to find products that are relevant to You via Our Site and mobile applications.

This service is provided in partnership with Foodmaestro Limited, who work with registered dieticians to analyse the ingredient list of a product to understand if that product contains any ingredients which may not match a customer’s dietary search term or applied filter.

The results displayed following a search, or the application of a filter, may contain products from both the Asda Free From range, and additional products that have been identified as not containing a specific ingredient or allergen based on the product labelling.

The products in the Asda Free From range are produced under controlled conditions to ensure that they are suitable for the specified dietary needs and that they are Free From the allergens claimed on the packaging.

All other products have been included following analysis of their ingredients list, alongside any ‘may contain’ labelling on the packaging. Whilst these products may not contain a specific allergen or ingredient, they have not been produced under controlled conditions and We cannot guarantee that they will be suitable for Your specified dietary needs.

You must not rely solely on this search aid, or on the information provided on the Site, as products are regularly improved and the product information, ingredients, nutritional guides and dietary or allergy advice may occasionally change. Because of this, ASDA does not accept any liability for any inaccuracies or incorrect information contained on the Site.

This search aid has been developed to improve Your browsing experience with dietary and lifestyle needs by helping to identify food products which may be appropriate for Your needs.This is not an alternative to medical advice and We recommend that You always read the label carefully before using or consuming any products.

­

4.1 Filter Definitions
The below list offers a definition of the different search filters on the Site.

No Milk; The No Milk filter excludes all milk and products with milk as an ingredient from cow, goat, buffalo, or sheep. The No Milk filter also excludes any products that may contain Milk. Asda do not guarantee a product is free from any ingredient or contamination unless it is specifically manufactured in an approved facility and branded Asda Free From. Always read the label.

No Egg; The No Egg filter excludes all eggs and products with egg as an ingredient, and any products that may contain egg. Asda do not guarantee a product is free from any ingredient or contamination unless it is specifically manufactured in an approved facility and branded Asda Free From. Always read the label.

No Nuts (includes peanuts and tree nuts); The No Nuts filter excludes all peanut and tree nut products and products that contain nuts or tree nuts as an ingredient. The No Nuts filter also excludes any products that may contain nuts. The filter will include results for chestnuts, pine nuts, coconut and nutmeg as these are botanically different from tree nuts. Asda do not guarantee a product is free from any ingredient or contamination unless it is specifically manufactured in an approved facility and branded Asda Free From. Always read the label.

No Peanuts; The No Peanuts filter excludes all peanut products, products that contain peanut as an ingredient, and products that may contain peanuts or may contain nuts. Asda do not guarantee a product is free from any ingredient or contamination unless it is specifically manufactured in an approved facility and branded Asda Free From. Always read the label.

No Soya; The No Soya filter excludes all soya, products with soya or soya lecithin as an ingredient, and products that may contain soya. Asda do not guarantee a product is free from any ingredient or contamination unless it is specifically manufactured in an approved facility and branded Asda Free From. Always read the label.

No Gluten; The No Gluten filter excludes all products that contain or may contain barley, rye, wheat, kamut, spelt, and oats. It also excludes products that may contain gluten. Asda do not guarantee a product is free from any ingredient or contamination unless it is specifically manufactured in an approved facility and branded Asda Free From. Always read the label.

No Fish; The No Fish filter excludes all oily and white fish, products with fish as an ingredient, and products that may contain fish, or ‘mixed seafood’. Always read the label.

No Shellfish; The No Shellfish filter excludes all crustaceans and molluscs, products with shellfish as an ingredient, and products that may contain shellfish, or ‘mixed seafood’. Always read the label.

No Celery (including celeriac); The No Celery filter excludes all celery and celeriac products and products that contain celery or celeriac as an ingredient. The No Celery filter also excludes any products that may contain celery or celeriac. Always read the label.

No Mustard; The No Mustard filter excludes all mustard products, products that contain mustard as an ingredient, and products that may contain mustard. Always read the label.

No Sesame; The No Sesame filter excludes all sesame products, products that contain sesame as an ingredient, and products that may contain sesame. Always read the label.

No Lupin; The No Lupin filter excludes all products that contain or may contain lupin. Always read the label.

No Lactose; The No Lactose filter will exclude all products that contain lactose, including ingredients that contain lactose. The No Lactose filter is not the same as the No Milk filter which is also available. Asda do not guarantee a product is free from any ingredient or contamination unless it is specifically manufactured in an approved facility and branded Asda Free From. Always read the label.

Vegetarian; The Vegetarian filter excludes items that contain animal products and animal by-products with the exception of milk and egg. Always read the label.

Vegan; The Vegan filter excludes all products that contain animal products and animal by-products including milk, eggs and honey where the product has been certified by the Vegan Society according to its product labelling. Always read the label.

Halal; The Halal filter includes all products that carry a Halal certification/claim according to its product labelling. Always read the label.

Kosher; The Kosher filter includes all products that carry a Kosher certification/claim according to its product labelling. Always read the label.

­

5 GEORGE and TOYOU PARCEL RETURNS
5.1 Returning of parcels
5.1.1 Where you have purchased an item on the George website (George.com) or a toyou partner website and wish to return an item in accordance with the website returns policy, You may return your goods to an ASDA delivery driver at the time of delivery of an on-line groceries order provided that your parcel meets the Online – Grocery Return Conditions and you are based in the eligible area. Note that return to an ASDA delivery driver excludes any express delivery services as our third-party courier drivers will not be able to accept parcel returns (e.g., Uber Eats and Just Eats).

­

5.2 GHS Return Conditions
To allow the ASDA delivery driver to accept the returned item, the parcel must meet the following conditions:

60 x 60 x90 or less in size and under 15kg

Is securely packaged

Has a returns label applied to the outside of the parcel and a returns note inside the parcel

You provide an ASDA or toyou partner return QR code which you can obtain from george.com or ww.toyou.co.uk/home

Only contains the items you wish to return and no other items

The ASDA delivery driver may refuse to take Your returned parcel where they believe that the above requirements or any other GHS Return Conditions are not met.

­

5.3 Eligible Area
The return of parcel items to your ASDA delivery driver is available to all customers who are within Our Delivery area. If your parcel meets the above requirements, your driver will collect your parcel ready for processing at the depot/store.

­

5.4 Proof of return
Once the ASDA delivery driver has confirmed the GHS Return Conditions are met, they will provide You with a proof of return receipt. Please retain your proof of return receipt as proof of collection by the ASDA delivery driver.

­

6 OUT OF HOME DELIVERY TERMS AND CONDITIONS
The terms and conditions in this clause 6 shall govern the Delivery Boxes out of home delivery trial where you have agreed to enter into this trial with ASDA.

­

6.1 Queries
If you have any queries during the trial please contact us by email (at onlinegrocerytrial@asda.co.uk).

­

6.2 The Trial
a) We intend to run a trial using Delivery Boxes to enable out of home delivery service. The trial will be available in the mainland UK only.

b) The trial is scheduled to run for 12 weeks. However, we reserve the right to end the trial (partially or completely) at any time.

c) During this period, if you place any grocery order via the Website you will do so on the basis of these terms and we will make the Delivery in accordance with these terms.

d) We will place any Orders into a Delivery Box at your home.

e) If there is any conflict between the Out of Home Delivery terms and conditions set out in this clause 6 and our above terms and conditions, then these Out of Home Delivery terms and conditions set out in clause 6 shall take precedence.

f) Please read the Out of Home Delivery Terms and conditions carefully and if you are unsure of any points raised in these terms then please let us know by contacting us by email (at onlinegrocerytrial@asda.co.uk).

g) Please note that any Express Delivery Order you make will not be able to be delivered into a Delivery Box and so shall fall outside of this trial.

­

6.3 You and Your Home
a) To ensure that the trial works as smoothly as possible, there are a few pre-requisites we ask of You. By agreeing to take part in this trial, You confirm that You will comply with the below.

You’re over 18

Any pets You have will be secured to ensure our delivery drivers have easy access to the Delivery Box

You have access to an iOS or Android mobile telephone with access to the internet

You own the home that the Delivery is being sent to

In respect of Your home insurance, that You have discussed with Your home insurer that You are taking part in the trial and they have confirmed that it will not invalidate or void Your insurance.

You give consent to providing Us with certain personal data i.e. Your name, Your email address, Your home address and Your contact telephone number for the purposes of the trial (including the installation and removal of the Delivery Box and gathering your feedback on the trial) and fulfilling any Delivery. Check out our Privacy Policy on our Website for more details on your personal data.

b) It’s important that You notify Us if any of the above changes.

c) By signing up to this trial You give us permission to pass your contact details onto Our authorised partner who will deal with the installation of the Delivery Box. Your details will only be shared for this purpose.

­

6.4 Delivery Box
a) As part of the trial We, via our authorised partners, will install a Delivery Box at Your home free of charge for the period of the trial for You to receive Deliveries. (Express Deliveries are excluded).

b) We’re happy for You to use the Delivery Box for any other third party deliveries You receive to Your home but:

a. You’ll need to check with the third party delivery company;

b. You must ensure that on the day of our Delivery that the Delivery Box is empty and able to receive your Order; and

c. You will be responsible for any issues relating to such third party use including: missing items and damage to the Delivery Box.

c) The size of the Delivery Box will be: height 900mm; width 700mm depth 475mm

d) The installation of the Delivery Box will be carried out by one of our authorised partners. Our authorised partner will contact You within 7 -10 days of You signing up for the trial to organise installation of the Delivery Box at a convenient time.

e) The location of the box must be:

somewhere accessible safely on foot from the main highway,

with a reasonable clear path to the Delivery Box which is at least 1m wide

somewhere that the Delivery Box is able to open fully

a reasonably flat surface that allows the Delivery Box will be attached to the ground e.g. concrete

f) In addition to the above, our authorised partner who will come to Your home to organise the fitting of the Delivery Box may have some suggestions about the appropriate location of the Delivery Box too.

g) As the future Deliveries will be direct into the Delivery Box and will not involve any interaction with our Colleagues our Authorised Partner will be undertaking our "Challenge 25" policy checks during installation. This policy relates to the purchase of alcohol and other age restricted products such as tobacco, DVDs and aerosol. If you appear to be under the age of 25, our Authorised Partner will ask to see your photo ID (such as a passport, EU Photocard driving licence, National ID cards or proof of age card e.g. Citizencard, Validate UK, Portman Group card or local authority card with a holographic PASS logo) to prove that they are over the age of 18 and can lawfully purchase such Goods during the Trial.

h) We, and our authorised partner, will do our best to minimise any damage to Your home during the installation. But by signing up to this trial You agree that there will need to be some damage caused to allow the installation e.g. attaching the Delivery Box to the ground. You also agree that neither we nor our authorised partner will be liable for any such damage.

i) After installation, if You have any concerns around the quality of the installation make sure You contact Us with the details as soon as possible.

j) To enable You to make the best use of the Delivery Box it’s important that You follow all guidance provided by our authorised partner including the user manual provided.

k) We ask that you take reasonable steps to keep the Delivery Box in the same condition that it is in when it is installed at Your home and that it is returned to Us at the end of the trial in the same condition.

­

6.5 Placing your order
a) During the trial will place Your Order in the usual way via the Website.

b) However, there may be some restriction on the types of Goods You can purchase due to the capacity of the Delivery Box some Goods (or combinations of Goods) may not fit in the Delivery Box.

c) Before You check out Your Order please ensure You complete the Delivery Instructions section which will include: the Delivery Box access code and Other Instructions (such as the location of the Delivery Box, navigation instructions from the highway to the Delivery Box, and any access issues).

d) As part of the trial You agree to place a minimum of 3 Orders over the trial period and You agree to use the Delivery Box for those Orders.

e) As this is an unattended service, all substitutions will automatically be Delivered. If You do not want to receive substitutions for specific Goods then please select this option on the Website when placing your Order.

­

6.6 On the day - before Delivery
a) On the day of Delivery, please ensure that that there is no one unsupervised under the age of 18 in Your home during the time when Delivery is made.

b) It’s very important that You do not give anyone else the code to the Delivery Box (unless they need it to make a delivery).

c) Please ensure You have disabled any burglar or house alarm and unlocked any gates which would prevent access for Our delivery drivers to the Delivery Box.

d) You’ll also need to ensure that the Delivery Box is empty.

­

6.7 On the day – during Delivery
a) There are some Goods that can only be sold to customers over a certain age. If on Delivery we become aware that there is someone present at the property who is not aged 18 or above, and they are not accompanied by an adult who is aged 18 or above, then We reserve the right not to Deliver any of the Goods including those that are Restricted Items. Our drivers apply our "Challenge 25 Policy" and so proof of age will be requested if those present on the property look under 25 years old.

b) If We encounter any issues during the Delivery, including fitting your Order into the Delivery Box, We’ll contact You via the phone number provided and explain the details of the issue and work to resolve this with You. For example, if despite Our best efforts, the Order doesn’t fit in the Delivery Box We’ll contact You to discuss next steps, which could include returning the Goods to our nearest store and re-organising Delivery.

c) Subject to the above, We’ll Deliver all of the Goods You’ve ordered together with any Substitutions into the Delivery Box.

d) We’ll then lock up the Delivery Box and leave Your home.

e) As the Goods we will be delivering into the Delivery Box may contain frozen or chilled items, you must ensure that all Goods are removed from the Delivery Box and placed into a fridge or freezer as appropriate within 4 (four) hours. You accept full responsibility, and We will not be liable if for any reason, if this time period is exceeded.

f) In line with our terms and conditions set out above, We reserve the right to refuse or decline an Order at our own discretion. Furthermore, if We (in our absolute discretion) consider that any of the terms in these Out of Home Delivery Trial Terms and Conditions, or our standard terms of the Website above are not met then We reserve the right to refuse a Delivery at any time.

­

6.8 On the day - after delivery
a) For security reasons We suggest that You change your Delivery Box code after every Delivery is completed.

b) If you are unhappy with any Substitutes or any Goods in the Order, please refer to the Help Centre. For any non perishable/ambient temperature Goods that do not require storage in a fridge or freezer We ask that you place these in the Delivery Box for our Driver to collect during Your next Delivery.

c) Your feedback is essential to Us as part of this trial. After each Delivery We’ll contact You by email or telephone to find out what You thought and/or ask You complete an online survey. It would be great if You could complete any online survey within 24 hours of receiving the invite, so that We can ensure the feedback is as recent as possible. Please be open and honest in Your feedback as it will really help Us to deliver the best service. We may also ask you to provide a testimonial of your experience, with a photograph of your using the Delivery Box for use in our marketing materials.

d) By agreeing to these Terms and providing such feedback and/or photographs You give your consent to the use such feedback or photographs which may appear in websites owned by Us or publications produced, print advertisements issued by Us. You also agree that: (i) You are giving this consent of Your own free will, and not under duress or in any form of threat (ii) We will hold the images in line with our Privacy Policy available on our Website; You waive any rights to any claims against Us for any use of the feedback or photographs; You may exercise Your right to withdraw the use of the feedback or photograph at anytime on written notice to Us.

­

6.9 When the trial ends
a) At the end of the trial We, or our authorised partner, will contact You to organise to attend Your home at a time convenient to You and remove the Delivery Box.

b) Our authorised partner will use its reasonable endeavours to minimise any damage caused by the removal of the Delivery Box but neither We nor our authorised partner will be liable for any damage caused to Your property by the proper removal of the Delivery Box, so for example We will not be liable for filling in any holes left by the fixing of the Delivery Box.

c) Depending on the outcome of the trial there may be an option for You to continue using the Delivery Box. We’ll let you know details of any such options as soon as we can.

­

7. CLICK, EXPLORE AND COLLECT TRIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
The terms and conditions in this clause 7 shall apply to the Click, Explore and Collect service that may be offered by ASDA in participating stores and shall be supplemental to the full Terms and Conditions of use and sale for the ASDA Groceries Site. The Click, Explore and Collect service allows You to place an Order online whilst visiting an ASDA store and Your Order will be picked and made available for collection by You in that store as soon as possible the same day (Click, Explore and Collect is available on a trial basis at the ASDA Milton Keynes store and in any other participating ASDA store from time to time).

­

7.1 Click, Explore and Collect Order
7.1.1 You may access the Click, Explore and Collect service whilst visiting a participating ASDA store by using (a) an ASDA owned device made available in store; or (b) Your own device by scanning the Click, Explore and Collect QR code made available in-store. You will be directed to register or log-in to the ASDA Groceries Site with an existing user account.

7.1.2 Your Order by Click, Explore and Collect may only be placed when you are visiting the participating ASDA store and your Order will be available for collection in-store the same day. Where possible, ASDA will make Your Order available for collection within 60 minutes.

7.1.3 Your Order by Click, Explore and Collect will be allocated the highest available time slot for the participating store and your goods will be picked in-store by ASDA. Your Order will be available for collection in-store once it has been picked. You will be notified by ASDA by email or text when Your Order has been received and when it is ready for collect in-store.

7.1.4 You will be responsible for Your Order by Click, Explore and Collect in accordance with the full Terms and Conditions of use and sale for the ASDA Groceries Site. In the event the You place an Order using the Click, Explore and Collect service when you are not in a participating ASDA store, Your Order will be processed by ASDA in accordance with its usual ASDA Groceries Site service.

7.1.5 The Click, Explore and Collect is available in participating ASDA stores between 8am-8pm Monday-Sunday. Should You have any queries in relation to the Click, Explore and Collect service, please contact a member of staff in store or email [at onlinegrocerytrial@asda.co.uk]

7.1.6 Asda reserves the right to apply a charge for the Click, Explore and Collect service and, if so, such charge shall be notified to you prior to You placing Your Order.

­

Queries
For any queries please first consult our Help Centre.

You can also contact our Customer Services team on the details below:

Asda Customer Services 
Customer Services, 
ASDA House, 
Southbank, 
Great Wilson Street, 
Leeds, 
LS11 5AD

Telephone: 0800 952 0101 
Minicom: 0800 0683003