Terms & Conditions
The legal bits…
You are entering into this agreement with:

ASOS.com Limited (“we”, “us”); and
ASOS Payments UK Limited (“ASOS Payments”).
We and ASOS Payments are both companies registered in England and Wales, with registered addresses and HQs at Greater London House, Hampstead Road, London NW1 7FB. Our company number is 3584121 and ASOS Payments’ is 13337408.

When you place an order on www.asos.com or our apps, the seller is ASOS.com Limited, UNLESS the product is identified as being sold by an ASOS brand partners (each an “ASOS Brand Partner”). Where this is the case, the product will be stated to be:

“Sold and shipped” by an ASOS Brand Partner, or
“Sold by [ASOS Brand Partner] and shipped by ASOS”.
When the seller is ASOS.com Limited, your sales contract is with ASOS.com Limited. When the seller is an ASOS Brand Partner, you enter into a contract to buy products with the respective ASOS Brand Partner and a contract with ASOS Payments to pay for those products in the way described below.

When you shop with us (or access our services, apps and websites (our “Websites”)), whether you’re buying ASOS products or ASOS Brand Partner products, these terms apply. They’re important for both of us and ASOS Payments as they set out what each of us expects from each other, and they also give you helpful info. You can also find out more on our Help pages (which also form part of these terms). Of course, if you need anything else from us or ASOS Payments, get in touch with Customer Care – we always love to hear from you!

We and ASOS Payments keep these terms and Help pages updated and we and ASOS Payments amend them every so often, so remember to check back in before you shop, as the latest set will apply.

About You
To shop with us or receive services from ASOS Payments, you need to:

be at least 16 years old;
have a credit or debit card that we and ASOS Payments accept (see bottom of page for details of current payment providers); and
be authorised to use that credit or debit card (e.g. it is in your name or you have permission to use it).
Just FYI, some of the goods sold through our Websites may not be suitable for under 18s.

You can only place an order for an ASOS Brand Partner product if you are a consumer. We are unable to sell ASOS Brand Partner products to businesses (and will therefore also be unable to supply VAT invoices in relation to any ASOS Brand Partner orders).

The sale of ASOS products in Northern Ireland are to consumers only (and will therefore also be unable to supply VAT invoices to businesses).

Placing an order
Where you are buying a product directly from us, you will use your card to pay us directly for the product.

Where you are buying a product from an ASOS Brand Partner, you will be paying ASOS Payments to load a credit of an equal amount to an account with ASOS Payments, and then spending that credit to pay the ASOS Brand Partner. In order to do this, you need to access ASOS Payments service by logging in via your ASOS account in the usual way, selecting the product you wish to buy from the ASOS Brand Partner, and then pressing the “Place Order” button. By pressing that button, you will be both (1) authorising ASOS Payments to take a payment from your card to pay ASOS Payments for a credit to your ASOS Payments account; and (2) instructing ASOS Payments that you wish to spend the credit to pay the ASOS Brand Partner. You can only instruct ASOS Payments to use credits to pay ASOS Brand Partners.

When you place an order, you should receive an acknowledgement e-mail confirming receipt of your order. We or (if you’re buying from an ASOS Brand Partner) ASOS Payments then carry out a standard pre-authorisation check to make sure there’s enough money on your card to pay for or towards the order.

We only accept your order once payment has been approved and we or ASOS Payments have debited the payment card (and then the contract is made based on these terms).

You may be able to cancel (not change) your order within a short period of ordering – timings depend on your chosen delivery method and whether you purchased from an ASOS Brand Partner (and will be set out in the acknowledgement email). You can’t change your order – you’ll need to cancel (and/or return original item(s)), and re-order.

All orders are subject to availability and confirmation of the order price. Don’t worry, if there’s an issue with an order, we’ll get in touch with you.

All products remain ASOS property or the property of the relevant ASOS Brand Partner until full payment of the purchase price is received by either us or ASOS Payments, as the case may be.

Very occasionally, we or ASOS Payments may need to refuse or cancel an order or close, block or freeze an account (even if we have previously confirmed your order) – e.g. if we notice something unusual on an order or an account or if your order goes against unit limits as detailed on the product display pages of specific products. If your account has been blocked and you think we’ve made a mistake, please get in touch with Customer Care and they’ll be happy to speak to you about it. 

You can end this agreement with ASOS Payments at any time by ceasing to use the ASOS Payments service to purchase Brand Partner products, but if you do you won’t be able to pay for ASOS Brand Partner products. You can’t cancel any payments that you’ve already made through ASOS Payments.

Products sold by ASOS Brand Partners are excluded from affiliate cashback reward schemes. You therefore won’t receive cashback on any order made with an ASOS Brand Partner.

Payment Option Offering
Some payment services we offer are not always available to select. We may determine not to offer specific payment services based on conditions of use, such as shopping history or suspected misuse. To continue with your order, you will need to select one of our other payment types at checkout.

Using Klarna or Clearpay?
Using Klarna or Pay Later in 3 with Klarna? Klarna's Pay in 3 / Pay in 30 days are unregulated credit agreements. Borrowing more than you can afford or paying late may negatively impact your financial status and ability to obtain credit. 18+, UK residents only. Subject to status. For Terms and Conditions, click here. Late fees apply.

Using Clearpay Pay in 4? Some different terms apply – see here for more details on Clearpay.

Prices and product descriptions
There’s a lot going on here at ASOS HQ and from time to time our busy ASOSers may price up or describe a product or promo wrongly. If we discover an error for any goods you’ve ordered, we will tell you ASAP and give you the option of reconfirming your order (at the correct price) or cancelling it.

If we can’t get in touch with you, we will treat the order as cancelled. If you cancel and you’ve already paid, we will refund you in full.

Prices include VAT (where applicable), but keep in mind that there may be other taxes that you need to pay which aren’t imposed by us or ASOS Payments.

Depending on the value of your order or the delivery option or address you choose, delivery costs may also be charged (see below). Such additional charges will be clearly shown during the checkout process and included in the 'Total Cost'.

For some products you may notice that the price you see for one size sold by us is different to another size if it is sold by an ASOS Brand Partner. This is because ASOS Brand Partners determine the selling price of their products and we can't legally align on prices.

Personalisation
We may personalise your user experience on our Apps and Website (including for example, by recommending, prioritising or deprioritising the display of certain products or categories of products) by taking into account your browsing and shopping history including your rate of returns and number and value of orders, as well as other factors. For more detail, please see this page.

Delivery
Before you finalise your order, you’ll be given various delivery options to choose from with estimated delivery time and dates depending on the delivery address.

Orders are generally shipped to your delivery address from a designated warehouse. If part of your order is shipped from one of the other warehouses in our global network, this part of your order will be delivered by Standard Delivery. You’ll see your estimated delivery date at the checkout.

You’ll only be charged one delivery fee for all items, even if they’re coming from different warehouses.

All delivery services we offer for all ASOS items will also be available for items sold by an ASOS Brand Partner and shipped by ASOS. 

Next Day Delivery and ASOS Premier will not be available for items that are sold and shipped directly by ASOS Brand Partners and you won’t be able to select Click & Collect delivery for your order. However, you won’t be charged for delivery for these items. 

To see more about how delivery works with ASOS Brand Partners, just click here.

We work hard to meet all of our delivery times but sometimes there may be delays – e.g. because of postal/carrier delays, logistics or bad weather. We will keep you updated as much as we can and you should be able to track your parcel’s progress. 

ASOS cannot be held liable for any parcels that are lost or stolen as a result of any specific delivery instructions left for the carrier.

Please check out our Delivery and Returns Page for more info. Any problems with your delivery? Please let us know within 30 days of the date which your order should have been delivered and we’ll do our best to help you.

Returns and refunds
Check out our returns and refunds policy here.

Please note that nothing in this Returns Policy affects your statutory rights, including your right to cancel your entire order under The Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Additional Charges) Regulations 2013. Please follow this link for more info on how to cancel your order.

Returning unwanted ASOS products or items that were sold by an ASOS Brand Partner and shipped by ASOS?

We get it, sometimes something just doesn't work for you and you want your money back. Don't worry, as long as an item is still in its original condition, we accept returns for free, subject to the rules below, which includes rules around Fair Use.

If you return an item requesting a refund within 28 days of the item being delivered to you or available for collection, we'll give you a full refund by way of the original payment method. Where you purchased Brand Partner products, you authorise ASOS Payments to make the applicable refund to the original funding method you used to credit your ASOS Payments account.  

We aim to refund you within 14 days of receiving the returned item.

If you request a refund for an item during the above time frames but you can't return it to us for some reason, please get in touch – but any refund will be at our discretion.

All returns and refunds for items are subject to our ASOS Returns Policy and the “Keep it Clean” and Original Condition” sections below.  

14-day statutory right of withdrawal

When you purchase items online from ASOS, you have a legal right to change your mind about your purchase within 14 days of that order being delivered to you or your order being made available for collection.

If you wish to cancel your contract with ASOS in accordance with your legal rights, you must choose to return all products in your order within 14 days of the delivery date or the date the order was made available for collection, using your usual process for returning products. You must then return the products to ASOS within 14 days of completing the returns process.

If you do this, we will give you a full refund for the items you purchased, plus the cost of standard delivery (if you paid for this). If you chose a faster delivery method, we would only refund the standard delivery cost. For example, if you paid £5.95 for next working day delivery but the cost of standard delivery is £4.50, we will refund £4.50. If the item received is incorrect or faulty, we will refund the full shipping cost (regardless of the method chosen). If you only return part of your order, we will not refund any shipping costs.

Other Conditions

We will do our best to issue you your refund within 14 days of receiving the returned item.

If you request a refund for an item within the timescales above but are unable to return it to us for any reason, please contact us - in this case a refund will be at our discretion.

All returns and refunds for items are subject to our ASOS Returns Policy and the 'Fair Use' and 'Original condition' sections below.

Returning unwanted items that were sold and shipped by an ASOS Brand Partner?

Returning items that were sold and shipped by an ASOS Brand Partner is easy! You should have received returns instructions in your original parcel with all the details – most orders will have come with a pre-printed returns label. Just mark off the item/s you’re returning and check your returns instructions for where to return the parcel.  

If you can’t find your returns label, get in touch with us and we’ll arrange for one to be sent to you.  

Make sure you send any items sold and shipped from an ASOS Brand Partner straight back to them, as returning them to ASOS will cause delays with your refund. 

ASOS and ASOS Payments do not accept responsibility for any items sold and shipped by an ASOS Brand Partner that are returned to ASOS incorrectly. 

If you’ve returned an item sold and shipped by an ASOS Brand Partner, you won’t be able to track your return – we’ll let you know once it’s been processed. 

For orders sold and shipped by an ASOS Brand Partner, please note the returns policy is at the brands discretion.

After that?

We don't accept returns for unwanted items after the relevant returns period above. If you try to make a return, we may elect to send it back to you and ask you to cover the delivery costs.

What happens to my return if I ordered using Klarna or Clearpay?

If you've placed an order with Clearpay, Pay Later with Klarna or Pay Later in 3 with Klarna, you’ll be paying for your order in regular instalments or within 30 days of it being placed. If you return an item within 28 days of it being delivered to you or available for collection, we'll give you a refund of the relevant amount (subject to any amounts retained in accordance with our Fair Use policy (see here for details).

Using Klarna or Pay Later in 3 with Klarna? Klarna's Pay in 3 / Pay in 30 days are unregulated credit agreements. Borrowing more than you can afford or paying late may negatively impact your financial status and ability to obtain credit. 18+, UK residents only. Subject to status. For Terms and Conditions, click here. Late fees apply.

To find out more about Clearpay, click here.

Proof of postage

For ASOS products and items that were sold by an ASOS Brand Partner and shipped by ASOS, we strongly recommend you get proof of postage and follow our returns process (for more information on how to return, see here). Our returns address is:
ASOS DC2, GXO Logistics, Armthorpe, Doncaster, DN3 3FB, UK

For items that were sold and shipped by an ASOS Brand Partner, make sure you get proof of postage and keep hold of it, in case we or ASOS Payments need to see it later.

Keep it clean

Hygiene and your and all of our customers’ safety is super important, so certain items can’t be returned for refunds including:

Face + Body products if opened, used or protective seal is not intact
Sexual Wellness products if opened, used or protective seal is not intact
Underwear if the hygiene seal is not intact or any labels have been broken
Swimwear if the hygiene seal is not intact or any labels have been broken
Pierced jewellery if the seal has been tampered with or is broken.
None of this affects your statutory rights.

Original condition

All returned items should be sent back to us in their original condition together with the original packaging and all ASOS and brand tags, and security devices attached.

Footwear – only try on footwear on carpeted floors to protect the soles. They must also be returned with the original box (if any) and any original shoe or dust bags (if any).

All items are inspected on return. Of course, it’s fine to try an item on like you would in a store, but don’t actually wear or use it. When trying on clothing please be careful with the item (don’t use unnecessary force) and don’t wear make-up, perfume, cologne, deodorant or antiperspirant as these can mark and leave scents on the item.

If an item is returned to us worn, used, damaged or in an unsaleable condition, or where the above instructions have not been followed, we won’t be able to give you a refund and we may have to send it back to you and ask you to cover the delivery costs. Alternatively, we (at our sole discretion) may choose to reduce your refund to reflect any reduction in the value of an item.

None of this affects your statutory rights.

Fair use Policy
Partial Refunds and Handling Fees

Our Fair Use Policy exists to ensure we can continue offering free returns to the vast majority of our customers.

For the small group of customers who consistently take actions that make providing them with free returns unsustainable, we deduct and retain £3.95 per returned parcel from their refund to help cover the cost of getting the goods back to us. In extreme cases, we will also add an additional £3.95 handling fee charged separately from our usual delivery costs.

How do we decide when deductions and fees apply?

When deciding whether to make this deduction from your future refunds, we always look at your most recent shopping behaviour over the past 12-months, updated every time you place a new order. To keep it accurate, there’s a 30-day delay before any changes to your status, so all returns have time to be processed.

During this 12-month period, we monitor:

Your Return Rate – the value of items you return compared with what you spend overall (for example, if you order £100 worth of items and return £50 worth, your Return Rate will be 50%);
Your number of orders – how many orders you’ve placed
You can view your Return Rate anytime in ’My Account’, and you can find some tips on how to reduce your return rate here.

I don’t have ASOS Premier

You will still enjoy free returns, unless within this 12-month period:

Your Return Rate is 70% or higher and you’ve placed 3 or more orders - in this case, we may deduct and retain £3.95 from your refund for each returned parcel (unless you keep more than £40 of your order); or
Your Return Rate is 80% or higher and you’ve placed 5 or more orders - in this case, we may deduct and retain £3.95 from your refund for each returned parcel (unless you keep more than £40 of your order). We will also apply an additional £3.95 handling fee to your orders, in addition to our usual delivery costs.
ASOS Premier

If your return rate is above 70% and you’ve placed 3 or more orders, you won’t be able to purchase or renew ASOS Premier. If your ASOS Premier membership is still active, you’ll keep your Premier benefits until your current subscription expires, but we may deduct and retain £3.95 from your refund for each returned parcel (unless you keep more than £40 of your order).

What happens if my Return Rate decreases?

If your Return Rate decreases, you'll automatically go back to enjoying free returns and/or no longer be required to pay the handling fee (as applicable depending on your Return Rate).

If a return deduction and/or handling fee applies

If a £3.95 return deduction or £3.95 handling fee applies to you, we’ll send you a notification with the details. You’ll also see reminders at checkout before you place your order, and in the case of the returns deduction, when placing your return. These deductions and fees are only applied while you’re in the higher returns group as set out above and are separate from our standard delivery charges.

Faulty and Incorrect Items  

You can continue to make free returns for products that are faulty or where we have sent you a product that you did not order.  

If your item has a fault, please return it to us as soon as possible so we can get this sorted for you. Don’t forget to select ‘Faulty/Broken’ when selecting a reason for your return. Unable to create a return or your item is in an unreturnable condition? Please get in touch with our Customer Care team here and provide a photo of the faulty item, we’ll be happy to help.  

Worn your favourite item one too many times? Please bear in mind that all items are inspected on return, and those with wear and tear rather than a fault will not be refunded.     

If you received a wrong item, please send it back to us as soon as you can. You’ll need to select ‘Incorrect Item Received’ as the reason for return when creating your return. Find out how to return something here. Some brands have non-UK sizes displayed on products, so to check if you received the right size, please have a look at our size guide.  

PLEASE NOTE: If you have selected the category of return incorrectly or falsely, and we determine that the item is the correct item you ordered or does not in fact have a fault (as applicable), we reserve the right to charge you a returns fee.  

This section doesn’t affect your statutory rights.  

Suspicious Activity  

If we suspect fraudulent activity and/or notice any unusual or suspicious activity with your account, we may refuse to issue a refund and suspend and/or close your account and any associated accounts.  

Such activities include, but are not limited to: complaints relating to unreceived orders, missing items, ordering and returning large quantities - much, much more than even the most loyal ASOS customer would order - as well as the number and value of orders made by you; unusual patterns of returns activity; if we suspect that someone is not just trying on their items, but wearing them for an extended period of time and then returning them; if we refuse multiple returns from you (see “When we may refuse a refund” below); or items are returned that are worn/used and do not correspond to the original order.  

If your account has been deactivated and you need to make a valid return, please see the account closure email we sent you. There you will find information on how to make a valid return. You will be responsible for the costs of returning the goods to us. All returns will be processed as usual once they reach our warehouse.  

Please note that we reserve the right to take legal action against you if the items you return do not match those you ordered. 

When we may withhold issuing a refund

We will refuse a return:

on grounds of hygiene (see ‘Keep It Clean’ above); or 
if an item has been damaged, soiled , washed, altered or worn, or if the original tags or labels are no longer intact and/ or attached to the relevant item (see ‘Original Condition’ above); or
if the item(s) returned to us do not match what you received; or
if you have returned items after expiry of the returns period (see ‘Returning an unwanted item?’ above).
If we refuse a return for any of these reasons, we will not issue you with a refund and we will send the item(s) back to you. If you attempt to return a refused item a second time, we will dispose of the returned item and we will continue to withhold a refund.
 
In certain cases, for example where we have had to refuse multiple returns by you, or there are suspicious circumstances relating to the return, we might also have to block your account and any associated accounts (see ‘Fair Use’ above).  

If any of the above happens to you and you think we’ve made a mistake, please get in touch with Customer Care and we’ll be happy to discuss it with you.
 
This does not affect your statutory rights.

Promo Codes
From time to time, we may give you Promo Codes that you can use to reduce the price of specified products. Remember, it’s up to you to enter the code at checkout! 

Head over to our Customer Care pages for full details on Promo Codes and the rules on how to use them – but here are some key things to remember:

Each Promo Code has its own terms, which will be made clear at the time it’s issued to you (e.g. what products, single/multiple use, when it can be used etc).

Unless we tell you otherwise, Promo Codes can’t be used to buy ASOS Premier or ASOS Gift Vouchers.

Promo Codes, including student discounts, can't be applied to any items sold by ASOS Brand Partners. More details on students Ts&Cs, including any further exclusions that may apply, can be found here.

If you’re given a unique Promo Code that is meant just for you (e.g. a student Promo Code) please keep it secret and don’t let anyone else use it or abuse it (e.g. don’t post it on social media). If we think there is or has been misuse of a Promo Code in any way (e.g. selling it or sharing it with others), we can cancel your Promo Code and/or suspend or even close your account without telling you. 
We don’t like to do this, but if a Promo Code can’t run properly because someone or something is spoiling the fun for everyone – e.g. fraud, tampering, technical errors or anything else that is beyond our control that affects the running or fairness of the Promo Code – we can cancel, modify or suspend the Promo Code. 

Promotional discounts may be offered to you on the basis of automated decision making. This type of decision making can result in you receiving certain promotions that other ASOS shoppers may not receive and vice versa. This decision making is never done on the basis of protected characteristics such as race or gender. Automated decision making is based on your previous browsing and shopping history only. We will tell you via the email containing your discount code if you have received a promotional discount on the basis of automated decision making. More information on how we use your data can be found in our privacy policy.

You have the right to ask us to explain any computer-system decision about you, which can be done by contacting us.

Gift Vouchers and Gift Cards
If you’re the lucky recipient of an ASOS Gift Voucher or ASOS Gift Card (high five!) head over to our Help pages to find out how and when your gift card or voucher can be used. A few points to bear in mind:

It’s best to lock your Gift Voucher or Gift Card to your ASOS account ASAP to keep it safe.

Gift Vouchers and Gift Cards can’t be used to buy ASOS Gift Vouchers. They can only be used to buy ASOS products, or to load credits to your ASOS Payments account in order to pay for ASOS Brand Partner products in the way described above (please see the “Placing an order” section above).
If you’re being super generous and buying someone else an ASOS Gift Voucher, please make sure you get their email address correct! If you get it wrong and the Gift Voucher is emailed to someone else who uses it, there’s not much we can do. Check, double check and even triple check before you buy it.

Speaking of emails, sometimes pesky (but useful) spam filters send our emails into junk or spam folders. So, if you’ve not been thanked for your generous gift, it’s worth giving them a nudge because there might be something wonderful waiting for them in their junk or spam folder!

Gift vouchers bought with UK as the browsing country will expire 2 years from the date of receipt. Gift vouchers bought with the US as the browsing country do not have an expiry date. Gift vouchers bought from an ASOS browsing country outside of the US or the UK will expire 10 years from the date of receipt.

ASOS reserves the right to cancel any Gift Vouchers in its sole discretion where fraud or misuse is suspected.

Your information
Our Privacy Policy sets out how we and ASOS Payments use your information. If your details change, remember that you need to update  My Account so we can continue giving you our best service (you can also update your marketing preferences there).

At ASOS, we love being able to interact with and chat to you through social media. However, we can’t control those social media platforms or how you set your profiles on them. Please check and set your privacy settings so that you understand and are comfortable with how your personal information on those platforms will be used. 

 
ASOS.WORLD Ts&Cs
1. These terms set out the terms and conditions which apply to the ASOS loyalty programme (“ASOS.WORLD”) following its launch in June 2025 (the “Launch Date”). Your participation in ASOS.WORLD means that you accept and agree to abide by these Terms.References to 'you' mean you as a participator in ASOS.WORLD.

2. References to 'we', 'us', 'our' or 'ASOS' are to the provider of ASOS.WORLD, which is ASOS.com Limited. We are registered in England and Wales under company number 03584121 and we have our registered office at Greater London House, Hampstead Road, London, England NW1 7FB. 3.

3. These Terms supplement our website terms and conditions and our privacy policy.

4. ASOS.WORLD PARTICIPATION
a. To qualify for, and to participate in, ASOS.WORLD you must be a current registered account holder on the ASOS Website in the United Kingdom (ASOS.com) (the “ASOS Website”) and be aged 16 years or over.

b. If you qualify for participation in ASOS.WORLD, you can sign up here. You may opt out of participation in ASOS.WORLD at any time by contacting our Customer Care team here. Please be aware that an opt out may take up to 24 hours to be reflected on your ASOS.WORLD account.

c. Business use (e.g. purchasing product for the purpose of reselling) of ASOS.WORLD is strictly prohibited and will be considered abuse. ASOS reserves the right in its sole discretion, at the point of purchase or retrospectively, to determine whether a purchase is business use or not.

d. We can take any action we deem appropriate in our sole discretion, including closing or suspending your ASOS.WORLD and/or ASOS account and/or revoking any ASOS.WORLD benefits accrued if we have reason to believe that you are abusing ASOS.WORLD in any way, and/or are in breach of these Terms.

5. ASOS.WORLD TIERS
a. There will be a total of 4 tiers (each a “Tier”) in ASOS.WORLD. The lowest tier is Tier 1 (“Stylist”) and the highest tier is Tier 4 (“A Lister”).

b. The Tier you qualify for will depend on the amount you spend on the ASOS Website across 12 months and your returns rate. Your spend is calculated on orders placed for products excluding any delivery fees, cancelled orders and any returns (“Net Spend”), starting from the date you first sign up to ASOS.WORLD. Your return rate is calculated on your previous five orders. The returns rate is calculated from the value of what you've ordered over the past 12 months ("Return Rate"). For more information see the Returns clause below.

c. The Tier thresholds and accompanying benefits as at the Launch Date are as follows:

Tier 1: Stylist (Free to join): 24-hr Early Access to the Latest Drops, Birthday Discount (20%)
Tier 2: Curator (£100+): All benefits in Tier 1 + Early Access to the Latest Edits, Birthday Discount (20%)
Tier 3: Icon (£350+ and a Return Rate of less than 70%): All benefits in Tier 2 + Early Access to Sale, Birthday Discount (20%), Members-Only Sale
Tier 4: A Lister (£750+ and a Return Rate of less than 70%): All benefits in Tier 3 + Priority Back in Stock Alerts, Invites to IRL Events, Birthday Discount (25%)
d. Your Net Spend will be reset to zero (0) every 12 months, on the anniversary of the date you signed up to ASOS.WORLD (this date being your “Tier Renewal Date”) and you will need to make further purchases to remain in your current Tier. On this Tier Renewal Date your previous 12 months of Net Spend will be reviewed and you will then remain in your current Tier for a further 12 months, subject to fair use and returns. So, if you joined on 1 January 2025 and reached Tier 3 “Icon” status during the first 12 months, when your Net Spend resets on 1 January 2026, you will remain in Tier 3 for the following 12 months.

e. Returns: Your Return Rate is calculated from the value of items you've returned compared to the value of what you've ordered over the past 12 months. You can change your Return Rate by ordering more products and not returning them.

Leaving the ASOS.WORLD program and then joining again will not change your Returns Rate calculation.
If your Return Rate falls below 70% then it is your Net Spend that will determine your ASOS.WORLD Tier.
f. For a period of time following the Launch Date, ASOS customers who join ASOS.WORLD will be allocated a Tier based on their previous year’s Net Spend on the ASOS Website. Following the end of this period, an ASOS customer who joins ASOS.WORLD will be allocated Tier 1 Stylist.

g. Your Tier will change depending on your Net Spend in the 12 months after you sign up to ASOS.WORLD or when your membership renews.

You can move up a Tier at any time when your Net Spend reaches the threshold required for the next Tier and your Return Rate is below 70%.
You can also move down a Tier if: (1) you return enough product to take your Net Spend below the threshold required to remain in that Tier or (2) your Return Rate increases to 70% or above or (3) your Net Spend for the preceding 12 month period has not reached the threshold required to keep you in your current Tier, when the Tiers reset on your Tier Renewal Date.
Once your Net Spend has reached the threshold required to take you to the next Tier, we will automatically move you up.
h. Each Tier will give you access to greater rewards, as notified to you from time to time, which might include discounts, Early Access to Sale/back in stock notifications, and the opportunity to attend events. These will be subject to these Terms, in addition to any other terms and conditions that may apply, which we will communicate to you at that time.

i. Where we have indicated a time applies to an offer (e.g. an Early Access to Sale event, competition etc.), the time zone will be designated as GMT / BST, unless otherwise indicated in the offer.

j. Your Tier resets every 12 months, and you will be notified by email before your Tier resets.

k. When your Tier resets, on the 12th month anniversary of when you signed up to ASOS.WORLD, your Net Spend will reset to 0 and you will need to make further purchases to remain in your current Tier.

l. You can increase your Net Spend by:

Paying for any ASOS product on the ASOS Website (including credit and debits cards and Buy Now Pay Later); and
Paying for your ASOS order using an ASOS Gift Card.
m. You cannot increase your Net Spend by:

Paying delivery fees and any applicable local taxes on your ASOS order (you will earn points on the purchase, but not on the payment of delivery fees);
Purchasing an ASOS Premier subscription;
Purchasing an ASOS Gift Card; or
Purchasing ASOS products via a third-party site (e.g. ASOS TikTok shop).
n. If you made a purchase before signing up to ASOS.WORLD (and subsequently sign up to ASOS.WORLD after making your purchase), this purchase will not count towards your Net Spend.

o. Your increase in Net Spend will be calculated based on the whole unit of currency spent rather than the subunit. For example, spending £75.35 will increase your net spend by £75. However, any subunit spend will be stored, and if these total to a whole unit, then that will be added to your Net Spend. For example, a purchase of £50.99 will increase your Net Spend by £50, if you make a subsequent purchase of £65.50, then your Net Spend will equal £116.49 and therefore your Net Spend will be £116.

6. ASOS PREMIER

a. When you purchase an ASOS Premier subscription, you will be automatically enrolled into ASOS.WORLD. For more information on ASOS Premier including Ts&Cs, see here.

b. If you opt out of ASOS.WORLD, your ASOS Premier subscription will not automatically renew and will expire at the end of the current term (instead of auto-renewing). You may purchase ASOS Premier again at any time by purchasing on site or signing up to ASOS.WORLD here. When you re-join ASOS.WORLD you will be automatically allocated to Tier 1 Stylist until you qualify for a higher Tier (as set out in these terms).

7. ASOS.WORLD RETURNS, NET SPEND AND TIERS

a. Returns: Your Return Rate is calculated from the value of items you've returned compared to the value of what you've ordered over the past 12 months. You can change your Return Rate by ordering more products and not returning them.

Leaving the ASOS.WORLD program and then joining again will not change your Returns Rate calculation.
If your Return Rate falls below 70% then it is your Net Spend that will determine your ASOS.WORLD Tier.
b. For a period of time following the Launch Date, ASOS customers who join ASOS.WORLD will be allocated a Tier based on their previous year’s Net Spend on the ASOS Website. Following the end of this period, an ASOS customer who joins ASOS.WORLD will be allocated Tier 1 Stylist.

c. Your Tier will change depending on your Net Spend in the 12 months after you sign up to ASOS.WORLD or when your membership renews.

You can move up a Tier at any time when your Net Spend reaches the threshold required for the next Tier and your Return Rate is below 70%.
You can also move down a Tier if: (1) you return enough product to take your Net Spend below the threshold required to remain in that Tier or (2) your Return Rate increases to 70% or above or (3) your Net Spend for the preceding 12 month period has not reached the threshold required to keep you in your current Tier, when the Tiers reset on your Tier Renewal Date.
Once your Net Spend has reached the threshold required to take you to the next Tier, we will automatically move you up.
d. Each Tier will give you access to greater rewards, as notified to you from time to time, which might include discounts, Early Access to Sale/back in stock notifications, and the opportunity to attend events. These will be subject to these Terms, in addition to any other terms and conditions that may apply, which we will communicate to you at that time.

e. Where we have indicated a time applies to an offer (e.g. an Early Access to Sale event, competition etc.), the time zone will be designated as GMT / BST, unless otherwise indicated in the offer.

f. Your Tier resets every 12 months, and you will be notified by email before your Tier resets.

g. When your Tier resets, on the 12th month anniversary of when you signed up to ASOS.WORLD, your Net Spend will reset to 0 and you will need to make further purchases to remain in your current Tier.

h. You can increase your Net Spend by:

Paying for any ASOS product on the ASOS Website (including credit and debits cards and Buy Now Pay Later); and
Paying for your ASOS order using an ASOS Gift Card
i. You cannot increase your Net Spend by:

Paying delivery fees and any applicable local taxes on your ASOS order (you will earn points on the purchase, but not on the payment of delivery fees);
Purchasing an ASOS Premier subscription;
Purchasing an ASOS Gift Card; or
Purchasing ASOS products via a third-party site (e.g. ASOS TikTok shop).
j. If you made a purchase before signing up to ASOS.WORLD (and subsequently sign up to ASOS.WORLD after making your purchase), this purchase will not count towards your Net Spend.

k. Your increase in Net Spend will be calculated based on the whole unit of currency spent rather than the subunit. For example, spending £75.35 will increase your net spend by £75. However, any subunit spend will be stored, and if these total to a whole unit, then that will be added to your Net Spend. For example, a purchase of £50.99 will increase your Net Spend by £50, if you make a subsequent purchase of £65.50, then your Net Spend will equal £116.49 and therefore your Net Spend will be £116.

8. LOSING NET SPEND

a. When you return a product to us, your Net Spend will decrease by the cost of the products returned to us.

For example, if your ASOS order totals £100 (including a £5 standard delivery fee). If you return your entire ASOS order, you will receive a refund of £100 but will lose £95 in Net Spend.

b. Your decrease in Net Spend will be calculated based on the whole unit of currency remaining on the value of the order following the return. For example, ordering £100 of product will earn you £100 in Net Spend, returning £25.99 worth of product will decrease the value of the order to £74.01, which will leave your Net Spend earned on this order at £74.

7. OTHER BITS YOU SHOULD KNOW

a. You need to make sure that the contact information on your ASOS account is always accurate and up to date.

b. You understand and agree that ASOS may use data from your ASOS account, in accordance with our Privacy Notice, for the purposes of keeping you up to date with your Tier information and the latest benefits alongside the purposes of analysis, so that specific recommendations and offers may be made to you.

c. You may opt out of ASOS.WORLD at any time in accordance with clause 5 and by doing so you agree that this will end your participation in ASOS.WORLD. Once your opt-out has been processed, you will no longer receive any communications from ASOS.WORLD but you may continue to receive communications from ASOS. If you opt out of ASOS.WORLD or you close your ASOS account, your Net Spend will reset to 0 and you will lose your ASOS.WORLD Tier status.

d. If you later choose to opt back in, your ASOS.WORLD participation will start from Tier 1, as if you are a new participant.

e. If you have previously opted out of receiving email communications from ASOS prior to joining ASOS.WORLD, you will not receive any emails in relation to ASOS.WORLD. To opt back in to receive email communications from ASOS, log into your ASOS account, go to your My Account page and update your communication preferences.

f. You may opt-out of receiving ASOS.WORLD marketing emails but still be part of ASOS.WORLD. However, please note, this will automatically opt you out of all ASOS marketing email communications as well.

g. You can amend your email communication preferences by logging into your ASOS My Account page and selecting communication preferences, or by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our marketing emails. It may take up to 24 hours before the request becomes effective and you have been unsubscribed.

h. For ASOS.WORLD to operate and to give you access to your benefits, when you join ASOS.WORLD your membership status and Tier will be stored in essential cookies. To find out more about how we use cookies please visit our cookies policy page. You can update your cookie choices at any point here.

i. ASOS may, in its sole discretion, alter, limit, cancel, withdraw or modify the ASOS.WORLD rules, regulations (including these Terms), benefits, rewards, eligibility for joining, or any other feature of ASOS.WORLD at any time (including assigning any of its obligations to customers under ASOS.WORLD at any time to another person or entity, without recourse) or may terminate ASOS.WORLD any time at its sole discretion, at any time / by posting any such changes on the ASOS Website.

j. Termination or Removal from ASOS.WORLD: ASOS reserves the right to exclude individuals from ASOS.WORLD and/or cancel orders that are not consistent with ASOS policy (including these Terms) in its sole but reasonable discretion. In particular, any abuse, manipulation or "gaming" of ASOS.WORLD, any misrepresentation or any conduct detrimental to the interests of ASOS not otherwise protected by law, will lead to us revoking your ASOS.WORLD membership. ASOS.WORLD membership is non-transferable and Net Spend purchases must be made by you only.

k. ASOS reserves the right to make changes to the ASOS Website and these Terms at any time. It is your responsibility to check or review these Terms from time to time to keep informed of any changes. By joining ASOS.WORLD and continuing to be a part of ASOS.WORLD, you hereby agree to be bound by any such changed Terms.

l. Any purchases you make as part of the ASOS.WORLD loyalty scheme are subject to all applicable UK laws.

If you have any other questions just check out our Help Pages. If you can't find the answer to your question, then please contact us here. 

Things you shouldn’t do…
We know it’s obvious, but you must not misuse or tamper with our or ASOS Payments’ websites, apps or other services (“Websites”) (e.g. hack, introduce viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other technologically harmful material or carry out denial of service attacks etc) or otherwise mess with our or ASOS Payments tech or functionality or steal our, ASOS Payments or our or ASOS Payments customers’ data. Doing any of these things may be a criminal offence, but they also get in the way of us giving our loyal ASOS customers the best service, so we take them really seriously. ASOS or ASOS Payments will report any such breach or activity (and all information about the people carrying it out) to the relevant law enforcement authorities. 

We recommend you use virus protection software when using any website, including ours. Although we have a dedicated team who work hard to stop people messing with our Website, we can’t guarantee that it will always be secure from bugs, viruses or trouble-makers.

Oh, and you’re not allowed to use automated systems or software to extract data from our Website (AKA 'screen scraping'). 

Troublemakers take note: you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless ASOS, its directors, officers, employees, consultants, agents, and affiliates, from any and all third-party claims, liability, damages and/or costs (including, but not limited to, legal fees) arising from your use (or misuse) of this Website or your breach of the Terms and Conditions.

 
Intellectual property, software and content
ASOS and ASOS Payments own or have permission to use the intellectual property rights in the Website and its content. These rights are protected around the world. All such rights are reserved.

You’re allowed to store, print and display our Website content only for your own personal use. You are not allowed to use any part of the Website for commercial purposes unless you have our express permission.

You’re also not allowed to use the ASOS logo or any ASOS brand or trade mark (or any marks which are colourably similar) without our express permission.

By submitting a product review or rating to ASOS you agree to comply with the Bazaarvoice terms of use which can be viewed when submitting a rating via the Bazaarvoice platform. For more information on these terms of use please contact privacy@bazaarvoice.com.

We carry out automated checks and spot checks to ensure that only genuine customers post reviews. If we believe that any review is spam or violates our guidelines, we may remove the review.

Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA)
ASOS respects the intellectual property rights of others, and requires others who use this Website do the same. ASOS is registered as a service provider with the United States Copyright Office. If you believe your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you may send a notification of the claimed infringement to ASOS’s Designated Copyright Agent, designated as such pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(2) (the "DMCA"), named below:

Joseph V. Norvell
Norvell IP llc
P.O. Box 2461
Chicago, Illinois 60690
Phone: 888-315-0732
Email: dmca@norvellip.com

Pursuant to the DMCA, your notification must include:

Your name, address, telephone number, and email address;
Identification of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
Identification of the precise location where the alleged infringing material is located, such as the URL or other location of the materials claimed to be infringing;
A statement by you, the complaining party, that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf; and
An electronic or physical signature of the owner of the copyright, or a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright.
ASOS has adopted a policy to identify users who have repeatedly been the subject of infringement claims. As part of this policy, ASOS may in its sole discretion suspend, disable, and/or terminate services provided to or the accounts of users who have been identified as repeat infringers, or for any other related reasons as determined by ASOS.

Linking to this Website
It’s fine for you to link to asos.com, as long as you do so in a way that is not-commercial, is fair and legal, and doesn’t damage or take advantage of our reputation. 

Please don’t link in a way that suggests any form of approval or endorsement by ASOS where none exists. 

Our Website must not be framed on any other site without our permission.

 
Complaints or need to speak to us?
Occasionally things do go wrong and you may want to get in touch with us or ASOS Payments. If that happens, whether it be concerning ASOS products or items sold and shipped directly by ASOS Brand Partners, please contact our Customer Care team, who will work with you to resolve any issues you’re having with our services:

Contact us here
Post: ASOS Customer Care, Hercules Way, Leavesden Park, Leavesden, Watford, WD25 7GR
If Customer Care are unable to resolve your complaint to your satisfaction, you may refer your complaint to RetailADR.

RetailADR is an Alternative Dispute Resolution provider to which ASOS subscribes and is free for consumers to use. RetailADR is approved by Chartered Trading Standards Institute (CTSI) to provide dispute resolution services and undertake an independent review of your complaint, pursuant to the Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) for Consumer Disputes (Competent Authorities and Information) Regulations 2015.
 
Complaints can be raised to RetailADR in the following ways:
 
• Online - via RetailADR’s online complaint form which can be accessed at https://www.cdrl.org.uk/retail-adr/ 
• In writing by post – in order to accept your complaint, RetailADR requires you to send a completed paper complaint form by mail to the address detailed in the complaint form that can be accessed and downloaded via https://www.cdrl.org.uk/retail-adr/. 
• If you require Reasonable Adjustments to assist you in submitting your complaint, pursuant to the Equality Act 2010, RetailADR are able to discuss your request for assistance via telephone at 0203 540 8063. RetailADR has a voicemail system set up specifically for calls of this nature so please follow the steps as directed on the automated message.
 
Please be aware that when submitting your complaint form, this will be your only opportunity to submit any facts or evidence that you consider relevant to your complaint in support of your case. 

Once you have submitted your complaint form, RetailADR have an obligation to process claims within 90 days of receiving evidence from both you and ASOS. Once RetailADR have completed an initial assessment of your complaint they refer it to ASOS to request a response within 28 days. 

Should you have any questions, RetailADR has a dedicated online Support Centre which operates Monday to Friday, 9.00am-5:30pm, and is on hand to provide information and assistance to consumers who require information about its complaint handling process. This can be accessed at https://support.cdrl.org.uk/.

Legal stuff
You can save and print these terms if you need to. 

If you breach any of these Ts&Cs, ASOS reserves the right to suspend or terminate your account.

We and ASOS Payments have the right to amend, remove or vary our or ASOS Payments’ services and/or any part of the Website (including our Ts&Cs) at any time. 

If ASOS Payments removes its services, this agreement between you and ASOS Payments will end. Otherwise the agreement between you and ASOS Payments will remain in place until you or ASOS Payments end it in accordance with these terms and conditions.

These terms and our and ASOS Payments’ dealings with you are subject to English law and the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. These terms between ASOS Payments and you, and any communications between ASOS Payments and you, will be in English.

If you have an issue where you have entered into a contract with an ASOS Brand Partner you may bring legal proceedings against the ASOS Brand Partner in the jurisdiction where the ASOS Brand Partner is located or in the courts of your country of residence. 

Digital Services Act ("DSA")

Pursuant to the DSA, Article 24(2), our average monthly recipients are 24,610,045 for ASOS.com.

If you would like to report a legal concern under the DSA, please go to the relevant product page and click “Report a Legal Concern”.

If you frequently use the “Report a Legal Concern” feature for unfounded notices, complaints or spam, ASOS reserve the right to suspend your account.

Pursuant to the DSA, Articles 11 and 12, dsa.concerns@asos.com is the designated point of contact for direct communications with the European Commission, Member State authorities, the European Board for Digital Services, and recipients of the service. English is the preferred language for communication with this point of contact. This point of contact is reserved for engagement with the authorities listed above.

Reviews and User Generated Content
Reviews
Follow this link for Product Review Policy and Terms and Conditions for Product reviews.

User Generated Content
Have we reached out to you to feature your content on our social media channels and platforms? Congrats! It means we love your style.

By agreeing to let us feature your content on our social media channels and platforms, you agree that:

we can use your handle and the content (the “Content”) on ASOS.com, the ASOS app, collusion.com, ASOS’ and affiliated social media platforms (including but not limited to Instagram, Facebook and TikTok) and/or any other ASOS marketing materials;
we can modify the content (for example we may edit, crop, adapt, enhance or use only a part of it, but ASOS will not treat your Content in a derogatory manner).
You promise that you:

have the permission of everyone in the Content;
have the right to grant ASOS the above rights; and
are at least 16.
If you (or anyone in the Content) asks us to remove the Content, we will remove the Content from the social media accounts that we control. We may remove Content from our accounts or platforms in our complete discretion, without asking you.

You understand that users of social media platforms and ASOS platforms can share and make use of the Content once posted.  In particular, a user of these platforms can take a screenshot of and save an image of the Content to their device, share the Content on social media platforms or websites which feature the Content (and sharing capabilities). If you do not want to grant the permissions set out above, then please do not give us consent to use the Content.

ASOS Drops Ts&Cs
For full ASOS Drops terms and conditions, please visit the ASOS Drops product page.
If you are selected as a winner, the purchase of the ASOS Drops product cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers or discounts.
Once purchased, the ASOS Drops product cannot be exchanged or replaced, however winners may ask for a full refund.
Seasonal offers
Enter code at checkout to receive discount on selected styles included in the ASOS promotion. Limited time only. Code can be used multiple times per customer up to a maximum pre-discount spend of £500 per order. Valid only when purchasing stated quantity, or more, selected category styles. Can't be used with other promo codes or on gift vouchers, delivery charges, or ASOS Premier. Country exclusions apply. Selected market products excluded from promo.

 
ASOS Virtual Try-On Terms & Conditions
1. These terms set out the rules that apply when you use our Virtual Try-On feature (“the feature”). By choosing to use the feature, you agree to comply with these terms. References to “you” mean you as a user of Virtual Try-On.

2. References to “we”, “us” or “ASOS” are to ASOS.com Limited, registered in England and Wales under company number 03584121, with our registered office at Greater London House, Hampstead Road, London, England NW1 7FB.

3. These Terms supplement our website Terms & Conditions, our Privacy Policy and our AI Privacy Notice. They apply whenever you use Virtual Try-On.

4. About Virtual Try-On

   a. The feature creates an illustrative, AI-generated visualisation of how a product might look on you. It does this by generating a digital version of you based on the photos you upload. The technology may make small adjustments to your image to create the avatar.

   b. If photos are not provided in the format or manner requested, the feature may be unable to generate a visual. Once created, the digital version of you cannot be edited and may be reused for future visualisations.

   c. The visualisation is intended to support your browsing experience. It is not a virtual fitting room and does not provide an accurate representation of size, colour, proportions or fit. The visual may appear realistic, but it is an automated simulation only. You should always consult our size guides, fit notes and product information before purchasing.

   d. The feature is optional, free to use and intended to help you explore products. It should not replace your own judgement, and we cannot guarantee that all visuals generated will be complete, accurate or up to date.

5. Using Virtual Try-On

   a. To use this feature, you need to be at least 16 years old.

   b. You may use the feature for your own personal, non‑commercial purposes. You must not use it in any way that is unlawful, harmful, misleading, inappropriate or inconsistent with these Terms.

   c. If the feature requires you to upload a photo, you warrant that:

the image belongs to you, is not of any person under the age of 16 and you have lawful permission to use it;
the image does not infringe any third‑party rights;
the content is not unlawful, offensive or inappropriate; and
the content complies with all applicable laws.
You remain responsible for any image you upload.

   d. You are also responsible for any use you make of the visual generated by the feature. You agree to keep us harmless from any claims or issues arising from the images you upload or from how you use the resulting visual. This includes situations where your content or use infringes the rights of others or breaches applicable laws.

6. Licence and Use of Visuals

   a. By uploading an image, you grant ASOS a free, non‑exclusive licence to use it as needed to operate the feature, including creating, adapting or transforming it to generate the visual.

   b. The visual generated is for your private, personal use only to help you consider whether a product is suitable for you. You must not:

distribute, reproduce, publish, sublicense, sell or otherwise commercially use the visual; or
use the visual in a way that misrepresents ASOS or infringes any third‑party rights.
7. Availability and Changes

   a. The feature may not always be available. We may update, pause or withdraw it from time to time, including for technical, safety or improvement reasons, and we also reserve the right to stop offering it entirely.

   b. ASOS reserves the right to make changes to the feature and to these Terms at any time. It is your responsibility to review these Terms periodically to stay informed of any updates. By continuing to use the feature after changes are made, you agree to be bound by the updated Terms.

8. Misuse

We may restrict or remove your access to the feature if we believe it is being misused or used in a way that breaches these Terms or the rights of others.

 