Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Terms of Use for users of www.astro.com
Your Acceptance
By accessing, reading and making use of the Web pages provided by Astrodienst
AG, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set out below
and on the respective Web pages. If you do not wish to be bound by
these terms and conditions, you may not access or use the information
or service provided on the pages.
Usage limitations
The services offered by Astrodienst are intended for private use by human
individuals interested in astrology. It is not allowed to build a commercial
service based on the resources of this server, to resell or redistribute
services or data offered by this server, or to extract the information
on this server systematically for data capture. All exceptions to this
rule require the consent of Astrodienst AG in writing and are valid
only until revoked.
Access to the Astrodienst website via software applications or scripts is not permitted.
The access has do be by human individuals using a browser.
Furthermore, it is not allowed to publish a Personal Daily Horoscope
or other free horoscopes in a public web log (blog). Both text and artwork
in these horoscopes are protected by copyright and require permission
by Astrodienst in writing for each case of republication. It is allowed
to quote two to three sentences from a complete horoscope, but only occasionally,
and not in a regular fashion.
Permission to publish chart images
A user is allowed to publish chart drawings or tabular data which she/he has created on astro.com from data she/he entered herself/himself. Astrodienst grants permission for that, without the need to ask.
Hyperlinks
We cannot and do not guarantee that the links set out on our site will
be accurate at the time of your access. Moreover, the sites pointed
at by hyperlinks are developed and possibly maintained by persons over
whom Astrodienst AG exercises no control. We cannot and do not monitor
the sites linked to our pages on the Internet. Accordingly, Astrodienst
AG does not assume any responsibility for the content of any site referenced
to by any hyperlink or otherwise.
Copyright
Astrodienst AG, the provider of these services, believes that persons
who make information available on the World Wide Web or in newsgroups
do so with the expectation that such information will be publicly and
widely available. Further, the respective entity believes that its
making available hyperlinks to publicly accessible Web pages and newsgroups
is legally permissible and consistent with the common, customary expectations
of those who make use of the Internet.
If access to a particular Web site is restricted, the entity providing
this service will remove the link from their site at the other site operator's
written request.
Trade Marks and Service Marks
"Astrodienst AG", "www.astro.com" and their
respective logos are registered trademarks of Astrodienst AG. No part
of www.astro.com is so constructed that images, registered trade marks
or logos of this website are automatically licensed for use. By downloading
or copying contents of www.astro.com, you do not acquire any right to
use whichever elements of www.astro.com nor for the software which is
required for the use of these elements.
Astrodienst AG declares herewith that it is not proprietor of the trade
marks and service marks which are used on websites which are pointed
at by hyperlinks on www.astro.com, if these trade marks and service marks
belong to persons or enterprises outside Astrodienst AG.
Reliability of Information
You assume total responsibility and risk for your use of the Web pages
created and offered by Astrodienst AG or other persons. Neither Astrodienst
AG nor any of its employees make any express or implied warranties,
representations or endorsements whatsoever (including without limitation
warranties of title or noninfringement, or the implied warranties of
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose) with regard to
any merchandise, information or service provided through its Web pages
or on the Internet generally. They shall not be liable for any cost
or damage arising to you or any third party either directly or indirectly
from any transaction, be it through the Internet or otherwise.
It is solely your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness
and usefulness of all opinions, advice, services and other information,
and the quality and merchantability of all merchandise, provided through
the Web pages of Astrodienst AG or on the Internet generally.
Data Protection
Astrodienst AG has no obligation to monitor any transmission made through
the respective Web pages and newsgroups. However, you agree that Astrodienst
AG has the right to monitor their Internet services electronically
from time to time and to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy
any law, regulation or governmental request or to protect itself.
Software Quality
Astrodienst AG does not guarantee that any information, software or other
material accessible through one of its Web pages is free of viruses,
worms, trojan horses or other harmful components.
Update of Legal Information
This page is updated and modified from time to time. Last Update: 9th February 2015.
By visiting www.astro.com and by using its services,
you declare that you accept our Terms of Use and Data
Protection Policy.
Contact
For contact information on Astrodienst AG,
please
click here
.
Copyright © 2026 Astrodienst AG
-
report a problem
Leave mobile view
As one of the largest astrology portals WWW.ASTRO.COM offers a lot of free features on the subject. With high-quality horoscope interpretations by the world's leading astrologers Liz Greene, Robert Hand and other authors, many free horoscopes and extensive information on astrology for beginners and professionals, www.astro.com is the first address for astrology on the web.
[p=3595669]
Homepage
-
Free Horoscopes
-
Astro Shop
-
Astrology Knowledge
-
Ephemeris
-
Authors and Staff
-
My Astro
-
Direct Atlas query
-
FAQ
-
Forum Archive
-
Contact
-
Privacy Policy
-
Terms of use
-
Sitemap