Terms
Home
Portal
Forum
Support
Extras
Servers
Login
English ▼
العربية
简体中文
danske
Nederlands
Suomi
Français
Deutsch
Ελληνικά
Magyar
Italiano
Norsk
Polski
Português
Español
Svenska
Terms of Use
When you sign up and play Astro Empires, you are acknowledging that you have read and accept the terms and conditions outlined on our site.
Users who do not comply with this agreement, can have the accounts blocked, deleted or suffer other type of game penalty the game administration considers appropriate.
Users can only have one account in each game server.
The use of one account by different users (account-sharing) is prohibited.
The use of shared IP are limited to upgraded accounts and additional shared IP rules applies to interactions between accounts using the same IP. A shared IP consists of the same IP address being used by more than one user on the same game server. Astro Empires reserves the right to refuse permission for the use of shared IPs.
The use of open proxies or any software with the purpose of avoiding our IP detection system, is prohibited.
Posting in any form, illegal, pornographic, sexual, nude or semi-nude, xenophobic, religious, offensive, commercial or otherwise wrongful content is prohibited.
It is forbidden to impersonate other AE players or guilds (having the same nickname/tag in a different game server is not considered a violation of this rule).
It is forbidden to impersonate Astro Empires staff, or use a name from Astro Empires staff or the name Astro Empires itself as nickname or other.
Displaying base coordinates or references to other games on your profile or guild profile is not allowed.
It is forbidden for a player to allow the occupation of his bases or use any other form of credits transfer between players in order to boost one of the player's economy. Likewise it is forbidden for a player to occupy another player with his consent and agreement (disbanding defenses and command centers, removing fleets, providing base locations, etc) or to temporarily leave a guild for the sole purpose of attacking a guild member for profit.
It is forbidden to exchange game credits (via debris or other way) for real money or account upgrades.
It is forbidden to offer or request real money (including account upgrades) to other players in exchange for game services.
It is prohibited to load any sites of Astro Empires with any other programs than web browsers. As is forbidden to use tools that simulate or change the web interface. The same applies to scripts that load or read site pages (making actions or collecting data). Is prohibited to use auto-refresh functions, tools to open or refresh several pages simultaneously and other browser integrated mechanisms of this nature.
Game accounts are personal and nontransferable. If the control of an account is transferred to another person, no disciplinary action will be taken, but Astro Empires may not recognize it as a different owner. Announcing the interest in the sale or purchase of a game account using any means of communication provided by Astro Empires is strictly forbidden.
Disrespecting the game staff may incur in an account suspension or ban. Users must respect the judgment of admins and game operators, any complaint must be presented in a respectful way by email.
Inappropriate behavior in the Astro Empires forum may result in the user game account suspension or ban.
Users must do nothing that interferes with the ability of other Astro Empires members to enjoy playing the game in accordance with its rules, or that increases our expense or difficulty in maintaining the service.
Any exploitation of a weakness or a bug of the game or in one of our systems is forbidden. Sharing these exploits with other players is also forbidden. Users are required to report bugs or exploits to Astro Empires staff.
Any attempt to access our servers, protected or coded data, any hacking, is forbidden. Decompilation or reverse engineering of our game is also forbidden.
It is the user responsibility to have a strong and complex password and to keep it safe and for themself only. If the user fail this, or the security of the user computer was compromised, we will not take responsibility for the consequences of anyone accessing the user account.
To help maintain the stability of the site, free accounts can be deleted if members don’t login in a period of 15 days.
We encourage users to promote Astro Empires. However, employing any of the following methods of promotion is forbidden: spam, bulk mail, bulk forum postings, pop-up ads, pop-under ads, and unsolicited instant messages.
Astro Empires reserves the right to modify the terms and conditions of this site at any time.
We cannot be held responsible for unforeseen or uncontrollable events involving member participation, technical issues, problems with our reserve fund, or legislation. Events of this nature may occur in the necessity of close the site.
We are not liable in any way for server breakdown, faulty programming etc. The occurrence of any disadvantages for a user resulting from server breakdowns, faulty programming etc. does not entitle the user to claim the recovery of his account's status before the occurrence.
Users agree to receive emails regarding the site and about their game account.
We reserve the right to refuse membership to anyone.
Due to privacy reasons, complaints and inquiries regarding particular accounts shall be disclosed only to their owners.
Astro Empires only ensures game support in English. The offering of such support in any other language at any given time is an act of courtesy and can be terminated at any time by Astro Empires.
All accounts, including their bases, ships, credits, etc. are virtual objects of the game. The user does not obtain ownership or any other rights to any data pertaining to Astro Empires. All rights are reserved by Astro Empires. No rights, in particular no exploitation rights, are assigned to the user. We reserve the right to restart the game if we deem it necessary.
We are not liable for any damages caused by the use of Astro Empires.
We remind users that excessive participation in computer games involves the risk of serious personal injury.
Astro Empires does not assume any responsibility for external links content. The authors of those external web pages are the responsible for those contents.
Astro Empires is a dynamic game. New features and changes of any kind can be made on the game at any time.
Portuguese and subsidiary EU laws are exclusively applicable for all matters pertaining to Astro Empires, without giving effect to conflict of laws in your country or state of residence. Any claims, legal proceeding or litigations arising in connection with Astro Empires will be brought solely in Faro, Portugal, and you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts.
It is not our intention to break any laws. If you participate, it is up to you to check the laws applicable in your area.
The Terms of Use were originally written in English, therefore the terms written in any other language results from mere translations. In case of divergence between the two, the Terms of Use written in English prevail.
Astro Empires is legally established in Portugal under Cybertopia, tax number PT509848923.
Astro Empires Software is Registered in Assoft (Portuguese Software Association), with the number 1304/D/06.
Astro Empires is a Registered Trademark.
Read the Terms of Sale
Read the Copyright Policy