Creator Lab Platform Terms of Use
Creator Lab Marketplace Terms of Use
Creator Lab Hosting Terms of Use
Creator Lab Marketplace Platform Terms of Use
Last Updated May 16, 2023
The following Creator Lab Marketplace Terms of Use (the “Terms of Use” or “Terms”) govern your
                    access to and use of
                    (1) the Creator Lab Marketplace website located at https://creators.audacy.com (the “Website”), (2)
                    the Creator Lab Marketplace online
                    platform facilitating the matching of persons offering to create promotional podcast content
                    (each,
                    a “Podcaster”) and Brand Advertisers (as defined below), and (3) all other services provided by
                    Creator Lab Marketplace (collectively, the “Services”). These Terms of Use form an agreement
                    between Audacy Operations,
                    LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Audacy, Inc. (“Creator Lab Marketplace”, “Audacy”, “us”, “we”,
                    or “our”) and you.
                    The term “you” refers to the person or entity visiting, browsing or otherwise using our
                    Services,
                    including but not limited to podcasters and advertisers. By accessing and using the Services,
                    you
                    accept and agree to be bound by and comply with these Terms of Use. If you are accessing or
                    using
                    the Services on behalf of another person or a corporate entity, you represent and warrant that
                    you
                    have the authority to bind such person or entity to these Terms of Use.
Below please find a Table of Contents for your ease of reference to the subjects covered by the
                    Terms.
Table of contents
Acceptance of Terms
Changes to these Terms
Use of the Platform; Prohibited Uses
License Grants
Term and Termination
Promotion Agreements with Brand
                            Advertisers
No Employment Relationship
Facilitated Payments Withholding
                            Consent
Off-Platform Agreements Prohibited
Reviews and Comments
Ownership
Copyright & Legal Complaints
Privacy Policy
Disclosure of Material
                            Connections With Brand Advertiser
Third Party Websites
Viruses
Communications Not Confidential
Disclaimer and Limitations of
                            Liability
Indemnification
Governing Law; Venue; Jurisdiction; Dispute
                            Resolution
Entire Agreement, Waiver and
                            Severability
1. Acceptance of Terms
The Services are designed for and targeted to Adults.
In order to use and access the
                    Service
                    you must be 18
                    years of age or older (or whatever the applicable age of majority (legal adulthood) is where you
                    are
                    located). If you are not an adult, please stop and discontinue your use of the Services.
By using the Services, you agree to be legally bound by the Terms. If for any reason you do not
                    agree
                    with all of the terms and conditions contained in the Terms, please discontinue using the Services immediately.
Areas of the Services within the proprietary online platform offered by Creator Lab Marketplace
                    and Audacy may be
                    subject to additional terms and conditions, which you should read carefully before making any
                    use of
                    those areas. Any such terms will not vary or replace the Creator Lab Marketplace Terms of Use
                    regarding any use of
                    the Services, unless otherwise expressly stated.
The Creator Lab Marketplace platform is provided solely (the “Permitted Use”) to: (1) assist you
                    in gathering
                    information about the various types of promotion opportunities and brand advertisers available
                    on
                    the our platform (each a “Brand Advertiser”), including profiles, price ranges, and promotion
                    descriptions (each, a “Brand Advertiser Profile”); (2) enable you to post information regarding
                    yourself and to respond to any Promotion opportunities; (3) post reviews of Brand Advertisers;
                    (4)
                    facilitate communication with Brand Advertisers with the objective of entering into a Promotion
                    Agreement; and (5) facilitate the transmission of payments from the Brand Advertiser to you
                    under a
                    Promotion Agreement (all of which are considered Creator Lab Marketplace “Services”).
2. Changes to these Terms of Use and
                    Platform
Except where prohibited by applicable law, Creator Lab Marketplace reserves the right to change
                    these Terms of Use at
                    any time without notice. We encourage you to review the Terms periodically. Your continued
                    access to
                    or use of the Platform after any changes to these Terms of Use indicates your acceptance of such
                    changes. It is your responsibility to review these Terms of Use regularly.
Creator Lab Marketplace reserves the right to change any information, material or content
                    (including, but not limited
                    to, price, features, availability of Brand Advertisers, Brand Advertiser Profiles, types of
                    promotions, and reviews of promotions and Brand Advertisers) contained on or provided through
                    our
                    platform (the “Content”) at any time, and from time to time, without notice.
3. Use of the Platform; PROHIBITED USES
By using our platform, you give Creator Lab Marketplace permission to present you with various
                    sales opportunities,
                    and from time to time and upon your consent, represent you in such a sales representation
                    relationship.
As a condition of your use of our Services, you warrant that: (a) you have reached the age of
                    majority in your jurisdiction of residence; (b) you possess the legal authority to create a
                    binding
                    legal obligation; (c) you shall use the Services in accordance with these Terms of Use; and (d)
                    all
                    information supplied by you on our platform is true, accurate, current and complete.
Creator Lab Marketplace retains the right, at its sole discretion, to deny access to anyone to
                    the Services, at any
                    time and for any reason, including, but not limited to, for violation of these Terms of Use. You
                    shall cease and desist from any such access or use immediately upon request by Creator Lab
                    Marketplace.
Not all of the Podcasters, promotions and Services are available in all jurisdictions.
                    Furthermore,
                    nothing on our platform or through the use of our Services constitutes an offer or solicitation
                    to
                    buy or sell any product or service to anyone in any jurisdiction in which such an offer or
                    solicitation is prohibited by law.
You will be required to successfully sign up for a user account (the “User Account”) using the
                    available interfaces on our platform and be issued with a username and password login
                    credentials by
                    Creator Lab Marketplace (“User ID”) in order to use the Services and communicate with Brand
                    Advertisers through our
                    platform. If you are issued with a User ID, you shall keep your User ID secure and shall not
                    share
                    your User ID with anyone else, and you shall not collect or harvest any personal data of any
                    other
                    user of Creator Lab Marketplace, including account names. Creator Lab Marketplace reserves the
                    right to disable any User Account
                    issued to you at any time in Creator Lab Marketplace’s sole discretion. If Creator Lab
                    Marketplace disables access to a User Account
                    issued to you, you may be prevented from accessing the Services, your account details or any
                    promotions that are associated with your account.
Prohibited Conduct.
You may not access or use, or attempt to access or use, the Services
                    to
                    take any
                    action that could harm us or any third party, interfere with the operation of the Services, or
                    use
                    the Services in a manner that violates any laws. Without limiting any other provision in these
                    Terms, you may not use the Services to do the following or assist others to do the following:
Provide false, inaccurate, or misleading information about the number of listeners,
                        downloads,
                        followers, or other measurement of a podcast’s audience;
Threaten, defame, stalk, abuse, or harass other persons or engage in illegal activities;
Link to the Services from a site or transmit any material that is inappropriate, profane,
                        vulgar, offensive, false, disparaging, defamatory, obscene, illegal, sexually explicit,
                        racist,
                        that promotes violence, racial hatred, or terrorism, or that we deem, in our sole
                        discretion, to
                        be otherwise objectionable;
Frame the Services, display the Services in connection with an unauthorized logo or mark, or
                        do
                        anything that could falsely suggest a relationship between Audacy and any third party or
                        potentially deprive us of revenue (including, without limitation, revenue from advertising,
                        branding, or promotional activities);
Access the Services using any interface other than ours;
Violate any person’s or entity’s legal rights (including, without limitation, intellectual
                        property, privacy, and publicity rights), transmit material that violates or circumvents
                        such
                        rights, or remove or alter intellectual property or other legal notices;
Transmit files that contain viruses, spyware, adware, or other harmful code;
Advertise or promote goods or services without our permission (including, without
                        limitation, by
                        sending spam);
Interfere with others using the Services or otherwise disrupt the Services;
Transmit, collect, or access personally identifiable information about other users without
                        the
                        consent of those users and Audacy;
Engage in unauthorized “spidering”, “scraping,” or harvesting of content, contact or other
                        personal information, or use any other unauthorized automated means to compile information;
Impersonate any person or entity or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation or the origin of
                        materials you transmit;
Defeat any access controls, access any portion of the Services that we have not authorized
                        you
                        to access (including password-protected areas), link to password-protected areas, attempt to
                        access or use another user’s account or information, or allow anyone else to use your
                        account or
                        access credentials;
Use the Services or any promotion or content as part of the Services for sharing, lending or
                        multi-person use, or for the purpose of any other institution, except as specifically
                        permitted
                        in writing by Audacy; or
Create derivative works based on the Services or its content, in whole or in part, or to
                        decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or other exploit any part of the Services or its
                        content.
You shall be solely liable for any damages resulting from any violation of the foregoing
                    restrictions, or any other harm resulting from your posting of content on or through the
                    Services.
4. License Grants
Subject to these Terms of Use, Creator Lab Marketplace grants you a personal, revocable,
                    non-exclusive and
                    non-transferable license during the Term to permit you to access and use the Platform in
                    accordance
                    with these Terms of Use.
Subject to these Terms of Use, you grant to Creator Lab Marketplace a perpetual, transferrable,
                    irrevocable,
                    royalty-free, fully paid-up, worldwide and fully sublicensable license to access, collect, store
                    and
                    use any data, information, records and files that (1) you load, transmit to or enter into the
                    Platform, or (2) we collect from your local computer system or from third-parties with your
                    permission, and (in each case) including all results from processing such data, including
                    compilations, and derivative works thereof solely for the purpose of: (A) providing the
                    Platform,
                    (B) complying with applicable law, and (C) Creator Lab Marketplace’s reasonable audit and data
                    retention policies.
                    In addition, and subject to these Terms of Use, you grant to Creator Lab Marketplace a
                    perpetual, transferable,
                    irrevocable, royalty-free, fully paid-up, worldwide and fully sublicensable license to access,
                    collect, store and use any data or information related to podcast downloads, listenership and
                    impressions, and to disclose such information it to any third parties, including in connection
                    with
                    audience measurement services and other measurement metrics.
5. Term and Termination
We may terminate your access to and use of the Platform, at our sole discretion, at any time and
                    without notice to you. You may cancel your Account at any time by sending an email to us at
creatorsupport@audacy.com
. Upon any
                    termination, discontinuation or cancellation of your Account or access to the Platform, all
                    provisions of these Terms of Use which by their nature should survive will survive, including,
                    without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, limitations of liability, and
                    dispute resolution provisions.
6. Promotion Agreements with Brand
                    Advertisers
The Platform permits you to view the Brand Advertiser Profiles of Brand Advertisers who have
                    registered on our Platform and have chosen to allow you to view their Brand Advertiser Profiles.
                    If
                    a Brand Advertiser selects you for a Promotion through the Platform, you may separately enter
                    into
                    an agreement with that Brand Advertiser on such terms and conditions as may be agreed to between
                    you
                    and that Brand Advertiser (“Promotion Agreement”). For example, the Promotion Agreement may
                    contain
                    (a) a description of the services you will provide to the Brand Advertiser, (b) payment terms,
                    and
                    (c) any other terms and conditions as communicated between you and the Brand Advertiser through
                    this
                    Platform or otherwise. You understand that you are performing services for the Brand Advertiser,
                    and
                    not Creator Lab Marketplace, and that Creator Lab Marketplace is not a party to and will be in
                    no way responsible for the
                    performance of either you or the Brand Advertiser under any Promotion Agreement, except for
                    facilitating the transmission of payment from the Brand Advertiser to you on their instructions
                    in
                    accordance with these Terms of Use. You further understand and agree that Promotional Content
                    shall
                    remain publicly accessible through your podcast distribution and/or social media channels (as
                    specified in the Promotion Agreement) for a minimum of six (6) months, or such greater term as
                    specified in the Promotion Agreement. Creator Lab Marketplace does not make any representations
                    or warranties of any
                    kind in respect of a Brand Advertiser or a Promotion Agreement. You also agree to act in good
                    faith
                    when negotiating and performing your obligations under each Promotion Agreement.
7. No Employment Relationship
As a Podcaster making use of our platform, you acknowledge and agree that you and Creator Lab
                    Marketplace are in a
                    direct business relationship, and the relationship between the parties under this Agreement is
                    solely that of independent contracting parties. These Terms of Use are not an employment
                    agreement
                    and do not create an employment relationship between you and Creator Lab Marketplace. No
                    partnership, agency,
                    joint-venture, or employment relationship can be created between Creator Lab Marketplace and
                    Podcasters through the
                    Platform.
You will take no position with respect to or on any tax return or application for benefits, or in
                    any
                    proceeding directly or indirectly involving Creator Lab Marketplace that you are an employee of
                    Creator Lab Marketplace.
You are solely responsible for determining which Promotions you will choose to accept, the manner
                    in
                    which you will perform your obligations under Promotion Agreements, and how, when, where, and
                    how
                    long you will use the Platform.
Creator Lab Marketplace does not restrict your right to provide services through other platforms
                    or to other parties,
                    including competitors of the Creator Lab Marketplace. Creator Lab Marketplace anticipates and
                    expects that Podcasters performing
                    Promotions through the Platform will provide services through other platforms. You acknowledge
                    and
                    represent you can earn income from other sources. Creator Lab Marketplace does not guarantee you
                    any minimum amount
                    of Promotions or that you will derive any minimum amount of income through the Platform.
Creator Lab Marketplace does not assess the performance of Podcasters, and does not oversee the
                    performance of the
                    Promotion Agreements or instruct the Podcaster as to how the Promotion Agreements will be
                    performed.
Creator Lab Marketplace does not pay a salary or hourly rate but rather facilitates payment of
                    the rate set by the
                    Brand Advertiser.
Creator Lab Marketplace does not direct or control Podcasters generally or in their performance
                    under these Terms of
                    Use specifically, including in connection with performance of Promotion Agreements.
Creator Lab Marketplace does not provide training, tools, equipment, benefits, or expense
                    reimbursement to
                    Podcasters.
Creator Lab Marketplace does not dictate the time of performance of the Promotion Agreements, and
                    you retain the
                    option to accept, decline, or ignore Promotions.
Creator Lab Marketplace does not combine its business operations in any way with your business,
                    but instead maintains
                    its operations as separate and distinct.
You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining any required registration, licenses, or other
                    authorization necessary for the services you render.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing:
Benefits and Contributions.
You are not entitled to or eligible for any benefits that
                    Creator Lab Marketplace,
                    its
                    parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or other related entities may make available to their
                    employees,
                    such as group insurance, profit-sharing or retirement benefits. Creator Lab Marketplace will not
                    withhold or make
                    payments for social security, make unemployment insurance or disability insurance contributions,
                    or
                    obtain workers’ compensation insurance on your behalf. If, notwithstanding the foregoing, you
                    are
                    classified as an employee of Creator Lab Marketplace, or any affiliate of Creator Lab
                    Marketplace (“Affiliate”), by the U.S.
                    Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”), the U.S. Department of Labor (“DOL”), or any other federal,
                    state
                    or foreign court or agency, you agree that you will not, as the result of such reclassification,
                    be
                    entitled to or eligible for, on either a prospective or retrospective basis, any employee
                    benefits
                    under any plans or programs established or maintained by either the Customer and its parents,
                    subsidiaries, affiliates or related entities or by Creator Lab Marketplace, its parents,
                    subsidiaries, affiliates or
                    other related entities.
Taxes.
You are solely responsible for filing all tax returns and submitting all payments
                    as
                    required by any federal, state, local, or foreign tax authority arising from payments to you
                    under
                    these Terms of Use, and you agree to do so in a timely manner. You will comply with all
                    applicable
                    federal, state, local, and foreign laws governing self-employed individuals, including laws
                    requiring the payment of taxes, such as income and employment taxes, and social security,
                    disability
                    and other contributions. To the extent required by the IRS, Creator Lab Marketplace will report
                    the payments paid to
                    you under Promotion Agreements by filing Form 1099-MISC with IRS. You consent to electronic
                    delivery
                    of Form 1099-MISC, if such form is required or filed. You agree to indemnify Creator Lab
                    Marketplace for the cost of
                    any tax liabilities incurred by Creator Lab Marketplace as a result of your failure to pay all
                    applicable taxes in a
                    timely manner.
8. Facilitated Payments Withholding Consent
If Creator Lab Marketplace facilitates the transmission of any payments from the Brand Advertiser
                    to you in
                    connection with a Promotion Agreement (each, a “Facilitated Payment”), Creator Lab Marketplace
                    may in its sole
                    discretion withhold from any such Facilitated Payment any amounts that are payable to Creator
                    Lab Marketplace by the
                    applicable Brand Advertiser in connection with that Promotion Agreement. Creator Lab Marketplace
                    is not your trustee
                    or fiduciary in respect of any Facilitated Payments or any Promotion Agreements. Creator Lab
                    Marketplace reserves
                    the right, at its sole discretion, to place a hold on a Facilitated Payment if Creator Lab
                    Marketplace determines
                    that the funds may be subject to a breach of applicable law (e.g. fraud or money laundering), or
                    if
                    Creator Lab Marketplace is required to cooperate with law enforcement.
9. Off-Platform Agreements Prohibited
Neither you nor your agents or affiliates will directly or indirectly enter into an agreement for
                    the
                    creation of any Promotional Content with a Brand Advertiser that you contacted or connected with
                    through the Platform except for Promotion Agreements for which Creator Lab Marketplace will
                    receive a fee as
                    provided for thereunder. Creator Lab Marketplace reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to
                    ban Podcasters that
                    engage in such prohibited agreements. Creator Lab Marketplace will not be responsible and bears
                    no liability for the
                    consequences of any such prohibited agreements.
10. Reviews and Comments
By submitting content to the Platform or Creator Lab Marketplace, including any Brand Advertiser
                    or Promotion
                    reviews, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas or similar information (collectively,
                    “Submissions”), you grant Creator Lab Marketplace and its affiliates, a worldwide, nonexclusive,
                    royalty-free,
                    perpetual, transferable, irrevocable and fully sublicensable right to (a) use, reproduce,
                    modify,
                    adapt, translate, distribute, publish, create derivative works from and publicly display and
                    perform
                    such Submissions throughout the world in any media, now known or hereafter devised; and (b) use
                    the
                    name that you submit in connection with such Submission. You acknowledge that Creator Lab
                    Marketplace may choose,
                    but is not required, to provide attribution of your Submissions (for example, listing your name
                    and
                    city on a Brand Advertiser or Promotion review that you submit) at our discretion, and that such
                    submissions may be shared with Brand Advertisers and others using our Platform. You further
                    grant
                    Creator Lab Marketplace the right to pursue at law any person or entity that violates your or
                    Creator Lab Marketplace’s rights in
                    the Submissions by a breach of these Terms of Use. You acknowledge and agree that Submissions
                    are
                    non-confidential and non-proprietary.
Creator Lab Marketplace takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any Submissions
                    posted or submitted by
                    you. Creator Lab Marketplace has no obligation to post your Submissions and reserves the right,
                    in its absolute
                    discretion to determine which Submissions are published on the Platform. If you do not agree to
                    these Terms of Use, please do not provide us with any Submissions.
You are fully responsible for your Submissions, specifically including, but not limited to,
                    reviews
                    posted to the Platform. You acknowledge that Creator Lab Marketplace may exercise its rights
                    (e.g. use, publish,
                    delete) to use any Submissions without any notice to you.
11. Ownership
All Content, including (without limitation) all designs, infrastructure graphics, pictures,
                    illustrations, software, artwork, video, music, sound, names, words, titles, phrases, logos and
                    marks displayed on the Platform, are owned or licensed by Creator Lab Marketplace and are
                    protected by copyright,
                    trade-mark and other intellectual property laws.
Creator Lab Marketplace expressly reserves all rights in the Platform and all materials provided
                    by Creator Lab Marketplace in
                    connection with these Terms of Use that are not specifically granted to you. You acknowledge
                    that
                    all right, title and interest in the Platform, all materials provided by Creator Lab Marketplace
                    in connection with
                    these Terms of Use (including the Content), and any update, adaptation, translation,
                    customization
                    or derivative work thereof, and all intellectual property rights therein will remain with
                    Creator Lab Marketplace
                    (or third-party suppliers, if applicable), and that the Platform and all materials provided by
                    Creator Lab Marketplace hereunder are licensed and not “sold” to you.
All contents of the Creator Lab Marketplace website are: © 2026 Creator Lab
                    Marketplace Media, LLC.
With respect to the content or other materials you upload through the Platform or share with
                    other
                    users or recipients (collectively, “User Content”), you represent and warrant that you own all
                    right, title and interest in and to such User Content, including, without limitation, all
                    copyrights
                    and rights of publicity contained therein. By uploading any user content, you hereby grant and
                    will
                    grant Creator Lab Marketplace and its affiliated companies a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty
                    free, fully paid up,
                    transferable, sublicensable, perpetual, irrevocable license to copy, display, upload, perform,
                    distribute, store, modify and otherwise use your User Content in connection with the operation
                    of
                    the Service or the promotion, advertising or marketing thereof, in any form, medium or
                    technology
                    now known or later developed.
12. Copyright & Legal Complaints
Creator Lab Marketplace respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do
                    the same. If you
                    believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that
                    your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, you should notify Creator Lab
                    Marketplace of your
                    infringement claim in accordance with the procedure set forth below. If you believe that Content
                    on
                    the Services violates your copyright, please send Us a notice of the violation using the
                    following
                    contact information:
By mail:
DMCA Designated Agent
c/o Legal Department
2400 Market St., 4th Floor
Philadelphia, PA 19103
Attn: Legal Department
By Email:
DMCA@Audacy.com
*In order to allow for spam filtering, only email with phrase “Copyright Matter” in the subject
                    line
                    will be read. All other email will be discarded.
Your notice must include:
a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of
                        an
                        exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple
                        copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a
                        representative
                        list of such works at that site;
identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of
                        infringing activity and information reasonably sufficient to permit Us to locate the
                        material;
information reasonably sufficient to permit Us to contact the complaining party;
a statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that Use of the material in
                        the
                        manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of
                        perjury,
                        that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right
                        that is allegedly infringed.
Upon receipt of a notice of claimed infringement that satisfies these requirements (or any
                    statement
                    in conformance with 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3)), We will act expeditiously to remove or disable
                    access to
                    any Content that is claimed to be infringing upon the copyright of any person under the laws of
                    the
                    United States and will terminate the access privileges of those who repeatedly infringe on the
                    copyrights of others. United States law imposes substantial penalties for falsely submitting a
                    notice of copyright infringement.
Other Legal Complaints. If you have a legal complaint regarding the Services other than copyright
                    matters, or wish to receive further information regarding Use of the Services, please contact
                    us.
                    You may also submit comments using the postal address below:
Audacy, Inc.
2400 Market St., 4th Floor
Philadelphia, PA 19103
Attn: Legal Department
Your complaint must:
identify the material that is claimed to violate your rights or to be the subject of
                        activity
                        that violates your rights and information reasonably sufficient to permit Us to locate the
                        material;
explain what rights you have and why you believe the material violates your rights; and
provide accurate information that We can Use to contact you.
Please note that the fees and charges for the Services, if any, vary depending upon the
                        Services
                        selected. If you have a complaint regarding the Services, you also may contact the Complaint
                        Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of
                        Consumer
                        Affairs in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, California 95834, or
                        by
                        telephone at (800) 952-5210.
Counter-Notice
If you believe that your User Content that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not
                    infringing, or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner’s
                    agent, or pursuant to the law, to upload and use the content in your User Content, you may send
                    a
                    written counter-notice containing the following information to the Copyright Agent:
your physical or electronic signature;
identification of the content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and
                        the
                        location at which the content appeared before it was removed or disabled;
a statement that you have a good faith belief that the content was removed or disabled as a
                        result of mistake or a misidentification of the content; and
your name, address, telephone number, and email address, a statement that you consent to the
                        jurisdiction of the federal court located within Central District of California and a
                        statement
                        that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the
                        alleged
                        infringement.
If a counter-notice is received by the Copyright Agent, Creator Lab Marketplace will send a copy
                    of the
                    counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the
                    removed content or cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless the copyright owner files an
                    action seeking a court order against the content provider, member or user, the removed content
                    may
                    be replaced, or access to it restored, in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the
                    counter-notice, at our sole discretion.
Repeat Infringer Policy
In accordance with the DMCA and other applicable law, Creator Lab Marketplace has adopted a
                    policy of terminating, in
                    appropriate circumstances and at Creator Lab Marketplace’s sole discretion, users who are deemed
                    to be repeat
                    infringers. Creator Lab Marketplace may also at its sole discretion limit access to the Service
                    and/or terminate the
                    memberships of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not
                    there is any repeat infringement.
13. Privacy Policy
Creator Lab Marketplace is owned and operated by Audacy, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (“Audacy”). 
                    Audacy is committed to protecting the privacy of users of the Creator Lab Marketplace Services. 
                    In connection with providing the Services, Audacy collects and processes certain information that 
                    users voluntarily provide, as well as limited technical and usage information necessary to operate, 
                    maintain, and improve the Services. Such information may include account registration details, contact 
                    information, payment and tax-related information where applicable, and service usage data. Audacy uses 
                    this information to provide and administer the Services, communicate with users, comply with legal obligations, 
                    and support business operations. Audacy maintains administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed 
                    to protect personal information against unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Personal information is retained 
                    only for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, unless a longer retention 
                    period is required or permitted by law.
This Privacy Policy applies to information collected through the Creator Lab Marketplace Services, including any associated 
                    websites, applications, distribution lists, or other online features operated by Audacy that link to or reference these Terms of Use.
YouTube Privacy Notice: Users who elect to connect their YouTube accounts to Audacy Creator Lab acknowledge that the integration utilizes 
                    Google and YouTube API Services and is subject to Google’s Privacy Policy at
policies.google.com/privacy
. Any data accessed, transmitted, 
                    or processed through the YouTube integration is handled in accordance with the permissions authorized by the user and Google’s privacy practices. 
                    Creator Lab accesses only limited YouTube data necessary to provide the integration’s functionality. This data consists solely of the user’s 
                    YouTube channel URL and links to videos the user chooses to upload or associate with podcast distribution through Creator Lab. Creator Lab does 
                    not access or store YouTube account credentials or other Google user data beyond what is expressly authorized. The YouTube data collected is 
                    used only to enable video publishing and management features within Creator Lab and is not shared with third parties except as required to 
                    operate the Services or comply with legal obligations. When a user disconnects their YouTube account from Creator Lab, all stored 
                    YouTube-related data is deleted.
Please note that Brand Advertisers may have additional privacy policies or statements that govern their practices in collecting, 
                    storing, using and disclosing your personal information. Creator Lab Marketplace has no control over and takes no responsibility 
                    for the privacy policies or statements of Brand Advertisers or other third parties. Please read those additional privacy policies 
                    or statements carefully.
14. Disclosure of Material
                    Connections
                    with Brand Advertiser
You are required to follow the
Federal Trade
                        Commission’s Endorsement Guides
. In the event a Brand Advertiser engages you for a
                    Promotion, you understand and agree that you are required to clearly and conspicuously disclose
                    any
                    material connection between you and the Brand Advertiser. Material connections include, but are
                    not
                    necessarily limited to, the Brand Advertiser providing you with something of value, such as
                    monetary
                    compensation or free use of products or services, in exchange for your participation in a
                    Promotion.
                    In general, disclosures should be:
in clear, conspicuous and unambiguous language; and
provided as close in time as possible to the native ads to which they relate
As a Podcaster, it is your responsibility to understand and abide by the requirements imposed on
                    you
                    by the FTC and to ensure that a clear and conspicuous disclosure is made each and every time you
                    create Promotion Content.
If Creator Lab Marketplace learns of Promotions you create that do not, in our sole discretion,
                    abide by the FTC
                    endorsement disclosure guides, we may require you to add appropriate disclosures, and we may
                    require
                    you to suspend the Promotion until such disclosures are added. Repeated failure to include
                    appropriate disclosures in your Promotions, or your failure to add disclosures upon request by
                    Creator Lab Marketplace, may result in termination of your Account.
15. Third Party Websites
The Platform may provide links to third party websites. Creator Lab Marketplace does not endorse
                    the information
                    contained on those web sites or guarantee their quality, accuracy, reliability, completeness,
                    currency, timeliness, non-infringement, merchantability or fitness for any purpose. The content
                    in
                    any linked web site is not under Creator Lab Marketplace’s control, and if you choose to access
                    any such web site,
                    you do so entirely at your own risk.
16. Viruses
The use of the Services, including the downloading and viewing of content contained on or through
                    the
                    Services is done at your own risk. Creator Lab Marketplace cannot and does not guarantee or
                    warrant that Services
                    are compatible with your computer system or that our Services, or any links accessible through
                    the
                    use of the Services, shall be free of viruses, worms, trojan horses or disabling devices or
                    other
                    code that manifests contaminating or destructive properties. You are responsible for
                    implementing
                    safeguards to protect the security and integrity of your computer system, and you are
                    responsible
                    for the entire cost of any service, repairs or connections of and to your computer system that
                    may
                    be necessary as a result of your use of the Services.
17. Communications Not Confidential
Creator Lab Marketplace does not guarantee the confidentiality of any communications made by you
                    through the
                    Services. Although Creator Lab Marketplace generally adheres to the accepted industry practices
                    in securing the
                    transmission of data to, from and through the Services, you understand, agree and acknowledge
                    that
                    Creator Lab Marketplace cannot and does not guarantee the security of data transmitted over the
                    Internet or public
                    networks in connection with your use of the Services or any promotions.
18. Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
Audacy Creator Lab DO NOT WARRANT: (1) THAT THE SERVICES, ANY OF THE SERVICES’ FUNCTIONS OR ANY
                    CONTENT OR SOFTWARE CONTAINED THEREIN WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE; (2) THAT DEFECTS WILL
                    BE
                    CORRECTED; (3) THAT THE SERVICES OR THE SERVERS HOSTING THEM ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER
                    HARMFUL
                    CODE; OR (4) THAT THE SERVICES OR INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES WILL CONTINUE TO BE
                    AVAILABLE. AUDACY CREATOR LAB DISCLAIM ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
                    LIMITATION, NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND TITLE. THE
                    SERVICES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL CONTENT, SOFTWARE, AND FUNCTIONS MADE AVAILABLE ON
                    OR
                    ACCESSED THROUGH OR SENT FROM THE SERVICES, ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” “AS AVAILABLE,” AND “WITH ALL
                    FAULTS.” AUDACY CREATOR LAB WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGES OF
                    ANY
                    KIND (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY,
                    ECONOMIC, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES) IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES OR YOUR USER
                    SUBMISSIONS OR ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE OR EVEN IF
                    AUDACY CREATOR LAB HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT
                    LIMITATION, WHETHER CAUSED IN WHOLE OR IN PART BY NEGLIGENCE, GROSS NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHERWISE,
                    BUT
                    EXCLUDING WILLFUL MISCONDUCT) UNLESS SPECIFIED IN WRITING. OUR LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH THE
                    SERVICES OR YOUR USER SUBMISSIONS WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO AUDACY IN THE TWELVE
                    (12) MONTHS PRECEEDING THE CLAIM UNLESS THE CLAIMED DAMAGES ARE CAUSED BY THE GROSS NEGLIGENCE
                    OR
                    WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OF AUDACY CREATOR LAB Creator Lab. YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR RISK.
                    IF
                    YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THE SERVICES OR ANY OF THE CONTENT, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS
                    TO
                    DISCONTINUE ACCESSING AND USING THE SERVICES. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT IF YOU INCUR ANY
                    DAMAGES THAT ARISE OUT OF AUDACY CREATOR LAB’S ACTS OR OMISSIONS, THE DAMAGES, IF ANY, ARE NOT
                    IRREPARABLE AND ARE NOT SUFFICIENT TO ENTITLE YOU TO AN INJUNCTION OR OTHER EQUITABLE RELIEF
                    RESTRICTING EXPLOITATION OF ANY WEB SITE, PROPERTY, PRODUCT, PROGRAM, TELEVISION SHOW, MOTION
                    PICTURE, OR OTHER AUDIO/VISUAL CONTENT OWNED OR CONTROLLED BY AUDACY CREATOR LAB, INCLUDING
                    WITHOUT
                    LIMITATION THE SERVICES (INCLUDING THOSE INCORPORATING USER SUBMISSIONS). YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT
                    YOU
                    MAY BE WAIVING RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO CLAIMS THAT ARE UNKNOWN OR ARE UNSUSPECTED. ACCORDINGLY,
                    YOU
                    AGREE TO WAIVE THE BENEFIT OF ANY LAW, INCLUDING, TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE, CALIFORNIA CIVIL
                    CODE §
                    1542, THAT OTHERWISE MIGHT LIMIT YOUR WAIVER OF SUCH CLAIMS. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW
                    LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, SO SOME OF
                    THE
                    ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
PODCASTER AND PROMOTION REVIEWS DISPLAYED ON THE SITE ARE INTENDED AS ONLY GENERAL GUIDELINES,
                    AND
                    AUDACY CREATOR LAB DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY OF THE REVIEWS. AUDACY CREATOR LAB MAKES NO GUARANTEES ABOUT THE
                    AVAILABILITY OF SPECIFIC PODCASTERS, PROMOTIONS OR TYPES OF PROMOTIONS.
PODCASTERS MARKETING THEIR SERVICES THROUGH THE SERVICES ARE INDEPENDENT ORGANIZATIONS AND NOT
                    CONTRACTORS, AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES OF AUDACY CREATOR LAB. AUDACY CREATOR LAB IS NOT LIABLE FOR THE ACTS, ERRORS,
                    OMISSIONS,
                    REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, BREACHES OR NEGLIGENCE OF ANY PODCASTERS OR FOR ANY PERSONAL
                    INJURIES,
                    DEATH, PROPERTY DAMAGE, OR OTHER DAMAGES OR EXPENSES RESULTING THEREFROM AND TAKES NO
                    RESPONSIBILITY
                    WHATSOEVER FOR PROMOTIONS CREATED BY PODCASTERS.
Limitations Period
. YOU AND AUDACY CREATOR LAB AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR
                    RELATED
                    TO THESE TERMS, THE AUDACY CREATOR LAB WEBSITE, THE SERVICES OR THE PROMOTIONS MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1)
                    YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
The limitations above reflect the allocation of risk between the parties. The limitations
                    specified
                    in this section will survive and apply even if any limited remedy specified in these terms is
                    found
                    to have failed of its essential purpose.
19. Indemnification
You will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Audacy, its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, and
                    the
                    directors, officers, employees, shareholders, vendors, partners, contractors, agents, licensors
                    or
                    other representatives of each of them and all of their successors and assigns (collectively, the
                    “Audacy Parties”) with respect to all claims, costs (including, without limitation, attorney’s
                    fees
                    and costs), damages, liabilities, and expenses or obligations of any kind, arising out of or in
                    connection with your use or misuse of the Services (including, without limitation, use of your
                    account, whether or not authorized by you, and claims arising from user-generated content or
                    submissions), your violation of any law, statute, ordinance or regulation or the rights of a
                    third
                    party. Audacy retains the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any claim subject
                    to
                    indemnification, and in such cases, you agree to cooperate with us to defend such claim. You may
                    not
                    settle any claim covered by this Indemnification section of the Terms without Audacy’s prior
                    written
                    approval.
20. Govering Law; Venue; Jurisdiction; Dispute
                    Resolution
Governing Law and Venue. These Terms of Use and all claims arising from or related to your use of
                    the
                    Services will be
                    governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania,
                    except
                    Pennsylvania’s conflict of law rules. These Terms will not be governed by the United Nations
                    Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, if applicable. With respect to any
                    disputes or claims not subject to arbitration (as set forth below), you agree to exclusive
                    jurisdiction in the state and federal courts in Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania.
                    Notwithstanding
                    any other provision of these Terms, We may seek injunctive or other equitable relief from any
                    court
                    of competent jurisdiction.
Regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, you must file any claim or action related to
                    use of
                    the Services or these Terms within one year after such claim or action accrued. Otherwise, you
                    will
                    waive the claim or action.
Arbitration Agreement.
This Arbitration Agreement is governed by the Federal Arbitration
                    Act
                    (“FAA”).
                    Either party may elect to resolve any controversy or claim arising out of or
                    relating to these Terms or the Services by binding arbitration. Arbitrations shall be conducted
                    by a
                    single arbitrator and administered by JAMS (“JAMS”) pursuant to the code of procedures in effect
                    at
                    the time the arbitration is initiated (the “JAMS Rules”). A current copy of the JAMS Rules may
                    be
                    found at
https://www.jamsadr.com
. Unless
                    We
                    establish a different location,
                    arbitration hearings will be held in Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania. The arbitrator’s award
                    will
                    be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. IN THE EVENT
                    THAT THE PARTIES HAVE ANY DISAGREEMENT ABOUT ARBITRABILITY OR THE VALIDITY, SCOPE, OR
                    ENFORCEABILITY
                    OF THIS ARBITRATION CLAUSE, A DULY APPOINTED ARBITRATOR WILL DECIDE SUCH DISAGREEMENT.
Waiver of Jury Trials and Class Actions.
IN ARBITRATION, DISPUTES ARE RESOLVED BY AN
                    ARBITRATOR RATHER THAN A JUDGE OR JURY. BY THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, YOU AND AUDACY WAIVE THE
                    RIGHT TO PROSECUTE OR PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION, COLLECTIVE ACTION, OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVE
                    ACTION. UNLESS YOU AND AUDACY AGREE OTHERWISE IN WRITING, THERE SHALL BE NO RIGHT OR AUTHORITY
                    FOR
                    ANY CLAIMS TO BE ARBITRATED ON A CLASS ACTION, MASS ACTION, OR COLLECTIVE BASIS, AND REGARDLESS
                    OF
                    ANY INCONSISTENT PROVISIONS IN THE ARBITRATION RULES, NEITHER THE ARBITRATOR NOR THE JUDGE MAY
                    CONSOLIDATE MORE THAN ONE PERSON’S CLAIMS. THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD RELIEF ONLY IN FAVOR OF THE
                    INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE RELIEF TO THAT
                    INDIVIDUAL PARTY. THIS CLASS, MASS, REPRESENTATIVE, AND COLLECTIVE ACTION WAIVER IS A MATERIAL
                    AND
                    ESSENTIAL PART OF AND CANNOT BE SEVERED FROM THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT.
21. Entire Agreement, Waiver and Severability
We may be required by state or federal law to notify you of certain events. You hereby
                    acknowledge
                    and agree that such notices will be effective upon our posting them on our sites or delivering
                    them
                    to you via email. You may update your email address by visiting the Services where you have
                    provided
                    contact information. If you do not provide us with accurate information, we will not be
                    responsible
                    for failure to notify you. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision in these
                    Terms
                    will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms, including all additional
                    terms, conditions, and policies on the Services, constitute the entire agreement between you and
                    us
                    and supersede all prior agreements with respect to the subject matter hereof. If any part of
                    these
                    Terms is determined to be invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, that provision will be
                    removed, and the remainder of the Terms will continue to be valid and enforceable.
If any of the provisions contained in these Terms of Use conflict with the terms of another
                    agreement
                    between the parties (such as the terms of a Promotion Agreement in respect of a Promotion), then
                    these Terms of Use shall prevail; provided that, if you are also a Brand Advertiser registered
                    on
                    our platform, the Terms of Use applicable to Brand Advertisers will govern your relationship
                    with
                    Creator Lab Marketplace in that respect.
Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service Agreement
Last Updated January 07, 2025
By accepting the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service invitation, reviewing these terms and
                    conditions, and affirmatively clicking the “
I Accept and Agree
” box below indicating you have
                    read, understand, acknowledge, and agree to, the terms and conditions of this Audacy Creator Lab
                    Hosting Service Agreement (the “
Agreement
”), and clicking “
Submit
” on behalf of
                    yourself or the owner of that certain audio content discussed by the parties prior to invitation
                    (the “
Podcaster
”), you represent and warrant to Audacy Operations, LLC, d/b/a Audacy Creator Lab
                    (“
Audacy
”) (i) you have the necessary power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to
                    perform the Podcaster obligations hereunder; (ii) neither the execution and delivery of this
                    Agreement, nor the performance of its obligations hereunder, will violate any agreement to which
                    Podcaster is a party or any federal, state, or local law or regulation to which Podcaster is
                    subject; and (iii) you have fully read, understand, consent, acknowledge, and agree to, all of the
                    following:
Table of contents
Grant of license and restrictions
Audacy creator lab hosting service
Service level obligations
Audacy sales rights in podcaster media
Supsension, term and termination
Confidential information
Intellectual property rights
Warranties, disclaimer and remedies
Limitation of liability
Indemnification
Assignment
General provisions, dispute resolution
1. Grant of license and restrictions
1.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Audacy hereby grants to Podcaster,
                            and Podcaster hereby accepts from Audacy (hereafter each may be referred to as a “
Party
”,
                            and collectively
                            as the “
Parties
”), a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable, worldwide limited
                            license to utilize
                            the certain proprietary software, applications, code, data, tools, macros, scripts, user
                            interfaces, utilities,
                            and related services for hosting, organizing, transmitting, monetizing, and measuring the
                            consumption
                            of, digital content by means of the Internet as further set forth in this Agreement, including,
                            without
                            limitation the certain support services set forth in Section 2 hereof, (collectively, the “
Audacy
                                Creator Lab Hosting Service
”)
                            to organize and the certain Podcaster owned audio content (the “
Podcaster Content
”),
                            inclusive of any embedded advertisements
                            (the "
Advertisements
", and together with the Podcaster Content, the "
Podcaster
                                Media
").
                            The Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service are licensed for the sole use of Podcaster in unmodified
                            object code form.
                            Podcaster shall not (and shall not permit a third party to): (i) license, sublicense, sell,
                            resell, transfer, assign, distribute,
                            or otherwise commercially exploit or make available to any third party the Audacy Creator Lab
                            Hosting Service in any way;
                            (ii) copy, modify or make derivative works based upon the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service;
                            (iii) reverse engineer,
                            decompile, modify, translate, disassemble (except to the extent that this restriction is
                            expressly prohibited by law)
                            or create derivative works based upon Podcaster’s access to or usage of the Audacy Creator Lab
                            Hosting Service; (iv)
                            rent, share, lease, or otherwise transfer rights to any aspect of the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting
                            Service, including,
                            but not limited to providing the software as an application service provider or service bureau;
                            or (v) take any act to remove,
                            obscure, interfere with or modify the presentation or functionality of any aspect of the Audacy
                            Creator Lab Hosting Service. 
                            Podcaster agrees that it receives no implied licenses under this Agreement, and all rights not
                            expressly granted herein are
                            reserved to Audacy.
2.
Podcaster hereby grants to Audacy, and Audacy hereby accepts from Podcaster solely to the
                            extent necessary
                            to provide the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service, a non-exclusive, non-transferable (except
                            as otherwise provided herein),
                            royalty-free, fully paid-up, worldwide license to use, reproduce, distribute, perform,
                            display, broadcast, and transmit
                            the Podcaster Media via the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service and related services to carry
                            out the intentions of this Agreement.
2. Audacy creator lab hosting service
2.
Support Services.
2.1.1.
Ensure that the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service organizes the uploaded Podcaster
                                    Content and creates playlists and/or data feeds therefrom (the "
Playlists
"); end users may
                                    view the Playlists on digital platforms owned and/or licensed by Podcaster (e.g., websites and
                                    mobile applications) and access the Podcaster Content from the Playlists; Audacy shall further ensure that
                                    the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service stitches files together as directed by Podcaster; Podcaster will have access to a
                                    password-protected self-service site (the “
Podcaster Console
”) to access the following services;
2.1.1.1.
Make the Podcaster Media available to end users. The first date end users may
                                            access the Podcaster Media will be deemed the effective date of this Agreement
                                            (the "
Effective Date
");
2.1.1.2.
Ensure that Podcaster may use the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service to: (A) request to delete Podcaster Media from Audacy's servers.
2.1.1.3.
Provide Podcaster with reports concerning downloads, ad impressions, revenue, and audience and monetization data (the "
Reports
"). Audacy shall make available these Reports through the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service.
2.1.1.4.
Store Podcaster Media uploaded by Podcaster into the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service.
2.2. Podcaster Obligations
2.2.1.
Podcaster may:
Upload Podcaster Content to the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service according to Audacy technical specifications (CMS or API);
Use the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service to stitch together multiple data files of Podcaster Content and Advertisements into a single file; and
Control the duration Podcaster Media resides on Audacy’s server.
2.2.2.
Podcaster understands the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service provided hereunder require an available internet connection of sufficient bandwidth to support the Podcaster Content uploading and Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service access. Podcaster is responsible for paying for and maintaining this internet connection.
2.2.3.
Podcaster shall be responsible for complying with all applicable copyright requirements and any artist licensing fees associated with any Podcaster Media.
2.2.4.
Podcaster may only access uploaded files via the Podcaster Console.
2.2.5.
The Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service may not be used for unlawful, fraudulent, offensive, or obscene activity.  Podcaster will comply with all terms and conditions of this Agreement, all applicable laws, rules, and regulations when using the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service.
2.2.6.
Podcaster is responsible and liable for all uses of the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service resulting from access provided by Podcaster, directly or indirectly, whether such access or use is permitted by or in violation of this Agreement.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Podcaster is responsible for all acts and omissions of end users, and any act or omission by an end user that would constitute a breach of this Agreement if taken by Podcaster will be deemed a breach of this Agreement by Podcaster.  Podcaster shall use reasonable efforts to make all end users aware of this Agreement's provisions as applicable to such end user's use of the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service and shall cause end users to comply with such provisions.
2.2.7.
Podcaster is responsible for keeping its passwords and access credentials associated with the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service confidential. Podcaster will not sell or transfer them to any other person or entity.  Podcaster will promptly notify Audacy about any unauthorized access to Podcaster’s passwords or access credentials.
3. Service level obligations
3.1.
Audacy shall provide Podcaster with the following technical support during normal business hours for standard questions and issues.   Audience support is not provided by Audacy and is Podcaster’s responsibility.
3.2.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Audacy will use commercially reasonable efforts to attempt to provide the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.  From time to time the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service may be inaccessible or inoperable for any reason including, but not limited to: (i) equipment or software malfunctions; (ii) periodic maintenance and update procedures, or repairs or replacements that Audacy undertake from time to time; (iii) modifications made by Podcaster without Audacy’s consent; or (iv) or causes beyond Audacy’s reasonable control or that are not reasonably foreseeable including, but not limited to, interruption or failure of telecommunication or digital transmission links, hostile network attacks, network congestion or other failures. Audacy has no control over the availability of the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service on a continuous or uninterrupted basis, and assumes no liability to Podcaster or any other person with regard thereto.
3.3.
Hosting Service availability. Audacy aims for 99.9% service availability, where the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service is unavailable to the general Internet public solely as a result of a failure of the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service (“
Service Availability
”).  Service interruptions not solely due to failures of the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service, including those caused by      Audacy-planned network maintenance activities, maintenance at or failure of Podcaster hardware or software, Podcaster local access circuits or cross connects, or their connection to the Internet, Service Suspension, Harmful Code (defined below), or Force Majeure Events (each a “
Non-Covered Event
”), are excluded from the Service Availability measurement.  For purposes of this Agreement, Harmful Code shall mean any software, hardware, or other technology, device, or means, including any virus, worm, malware, or other malicious computer code, the purpose or effect of which is to (a) permit unauthorized access to, or to destroy, disrupt, disable, distort, or otherwise harm or impede in any manner any (i) computer, software, firmware, hardware, system, or network; or (ii) any application or function of any of the foregoing or the security, integrity, confidentiality, or use of any data processed thereby; or (b) prevent the Podcaster or any end-user from accessing or using the Licensed Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service as intended by this Agreement.
3.4.
Maintenance and updates.  Audacy will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide Podcaster with prior notice to any planned maintenance activities.
3.5.
This service level warranty set forth herein shall only apply to the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service and does not apply to any other services.
4. Audacy sales rights in podcaster media
4.1.
In consideration of the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service, and the payment to Podcaster by
                            Audacy of a revenue share fee (as mutually agreed by the parties or as set forth by Audacy in
                            its sole discretion within the podcasting publishing dashboard available at
creators.audacy.com
, as applicable),
                            Podcaster shall allocate two (2) pre-rolls and four (4) mid-roll ads per each episode of the
                            Podcaster Content (the “
Podcaster Advertising Inventory
”) to be sold on an exclusive basis in the
                            United States and its territories by Audacy (a) directly; (b) through any of its affiliates,
                            including but not limited to, Audacy Operations, Inc., or any of its subsidiaries
                            (collectively, “
Audacy Digital Audience Network
” or “
ADAN
”); and/or (c) through designated
                            third parties (any such designated third party, including ADAN, an “
Audacy Ad Sales Partner
”).
                            Audacy shall be responsible for trafficking and serving all such advertising sold by Audacy and
                            the Audacy Ad Sales Partners (collectively, the “
Audacy Ad Sales Services
”).
4.2.
Audacy and Podcaster agree the placement of the two (2) pre-roll ads shall precede any Podcaster
                            promos, teasers, trailers, and/or pre-roll ads that Podcaster may run before the content, and four (4)
                            mid-roll ads shall be broken out and inserted in the Podcaster Content according to an inventory model
                            subject to Podcaster’s approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed.
4.3.
In furtherance of the sale of the Podcaster Advertising Inventory by Audacy and the Audacy Ad Sales Partners, Podcaster hereby (a) appoints Audacy and the Audacy Ad Sales Partners, and Audacy hereby accepts such appointment on behalf of itself and the Audacy Ad Sales Partners, as an authorized seller of the Podcaster Advertising Inventory; and (b) acknowledges and agrees that during the Term of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year thereafter, Podcaster shall not directly or indirectly, solicit, negotiate and/or discuss the sale and/or furnishing of any advertising inventory or related services to any advertising customer of Audacy.
4.4.
For unsold Podcaster Advertising Inventory, Audacy may utilize the Podcaster Advertising Inventory for promotional purposes or fill it with advertising from its network, including that of Audacy’s parent company, Audacy, Inc.
4.5.
Audacy will provide Podcaster with a monthly accounting of advertising sold and revenue
                            received from the sale of Podcaster Advertising Inventory by any Audacy Ad Sales Partner,
                            if any (the “
Podcaster Revenue Share
”).  Audacy may revise the amount of any Podcaster Revenue
                            Share to reflect adjustments made by Audacy Ad Sales Partners within forty-five (45) days after
                            the end of the month during which Audacy received revenue for sales of Podcaster’s Podcaster
                            Advertising Inventory, if any.  If such a revision is necessary, Audacy will report the revision
                            in its next monthly accounting of advertising sold and revenue received and adjust such
                            following month’s Podcaster Revenue Share by the amount of any such revision.
4.6.
In connection with the sale of the Podcaster Advertising Inventory by Audacy and the Audacy
                            Ad Sales Partners and in order for Audacy to provide, the Audacy Ad Sales Services, Audacy and
                            Podcaster understand, acknowledge, and agree:
4.6.1.
Podcaster may select, using the Podcaster Console, IAB categories that may not be
                                    trafficked or served into the Podcaster Advertising Inventory (each, a “
Restricted Ad
                                    Category
”, collectively, the “
Restricted Ad Categories
”), which list of Restricted Ad
                                    Categories may be updated from time-to-time upon mutual agreement of the parties; provided,
                                    however, Podcaster further acknowledges and agrees it may take up to sixty (60) days for
                                    any changes to the list of Restricted Ad Categories to take effect.  Notwithstanding the
                                    foregoing or any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if a Restricted Ad Category
                                    advertisement is inadvertently included in Podcaster Advertising Inventory, Audacy will
                                    not be considered in breach of this Agreement provided the advertisement is removed
                                    promptly after Podcaster provides notice via email to Audacy customer support.
4.6.2.
Audacy may provide to any Audacy Ad Sales Partner, certain information about advertising in the Podcast Media, including, without limitation, geographical, demographic, and rate information.
4.6.3.
Audacy and the Audacy Ad Sales Partners may sell advertising in the Podcast Media at prices determined by Audacy and the Audacy Ad Sales Partners in their sole and absolute discretion.
4.6.4.
All sales of advertising to run in Podcaster Streaming Ad Inventory by Audacy and the Audacy Ad Sales Partners shall be subject to
Audacy’s Digital Advertising Terms and Conditions.
4.6.5.
Audacy and the Audacy Ad Sales Partners shall be permitted to use Podcaster's tradenames or trademarks in sales marketing materials solely for the purpose of presentations to potential Advertisers in connection with advertising to run in advertising in the Podcast Media and as otherwise set forth herein, Audacy shall not use Podcaster's tradenames or trademarks or any names closely resembling same as part of Audacy's corporate or business name, or in any manner which Podcaster, in its sole reasonable discretion, may consider misleading or otherwise objectionable.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Audacy and the Audacy Ad Sales Partners shall at no time engage in any unfair trade practices with respect to Podcaster or the sale of advertising to run in Podcaster Streaming Ad Inventory, and shall make no false or misleading representations with respect to Audacy’s status or capacity as a reseller of Podcaster Streaming Ad Inventory.
4.6.6.
Audacy and the Audacy Ad Sales Partners only have authority to solicit and accept orders for advertising to run in Podcaster Media Ad Inventory on behalf of Audacy only, and do not have any authority to bind Podcaster to any agreements or sales orders.
4.6.7.
Audacy and the Audacy Ad Sales Partners shall not exhibit and conduct behavior that constitutes actionable defamation or commercial disparagement against Podcaster.
4.6.8.
Audacy and the Audacy Ad Sales Partners shall comply with all applicable laws in Audacy’s performance of its obligations under this Agreement.
5. Supsension, term and termination
5.1.
Term: Unless otherwise agreed to by the parties, until the end of the 24th full calendar
                            month following the acceptance of this Agreement, after which this Agreement will automatically
                            renew for subsequent twelve (12) month periods unless either party provides the other party with
                            at least thirty (30) days’ prior written notice that it elects not to renew, or unless earlier
                            terminated as provided for herein (the “
Term
”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may
                            terminate this Agreement at any time, for any reason or for no reason, with thirty (30) days’
                            prior written notice to the other party.
5.2.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Audacy may, in its sole discretion, temporarily suspend and/or terminate Podcaster’s and any other end user's access to any portion or all of the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service if Audacy believes that: (A) there is a threat or attack on any of the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service; (B) Podcaster’s or any other end user's use of the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service disrupts or poses a security risk to the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service, or to any other customer or vendor of Audacy; (C) Podcaster or any other end user is suspected of using the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service for fraudulent or illegal activities; (D) subject to applicable law, Podcaster has ceased to continue its business in the ordinary course, made an assignment for the benefit of creditors or similar disposition of its assets, or become the subject of any bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation, dissolution, or similar proceeding; or (E) Audacy’s provision of the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service to Podcaster or any other end user is prohibited by applicable law; (F) any vendor or licensor of Audacy has suspended or terminated Audacy’s access to or use of any third-party licenses, services or products required to enable Podcaster to access the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service; or (G) a Force Majeure Event (as defined herein) (any such suspension or termination described in this paragraph, a “
Service Suspension or Termination
”). Audacy shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide written notice of any Service Suspension or Termination to Podcaster and to provide updates regarding resumption of access to the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service following any Service Suspension. Audacy shall use commercially reasonable efforts to resume providing access to the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service as soon as reasonably possible after the event giving rise to the Service Suspension is cured. Audacy will have no liability for any damage, liabilities, losses (including any loss of or profits), or any other consequences that Podcaster or any other end user may incur as a result of a Service Suspension.
5.3.
Termination for Cause.  Either Party may terminate this Agreement for cause if the other Party breaches any material term of this Agreement and fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) calendar days (or a shorter period of time as is reasonable under the circumstances) after receipt by the breaching Party of written notice of the same, the non-breaching Party may terminate this Agreement by giving written notice thereof to the breaching Party.
5.4.
Effect of Termination.  Upon the effective date of termination of this Agreement:
5.4.1.
Audacy will immediately cease providing the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service; and
5.4.2.
Podcaster shall no longer have the right to use the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service, display any Audacy product, or stream or make available for download any content from the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service and the license granted hereunder shall terminate automatically upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement.
5.4.3.
Within thirty (30) calendar days of any expiration or termination of this Agreement, each Party will return or destroy all Confidential Information, as defined in Section 9.1 below, of the other Party in its possession and will not make or retain any copies of such Confidential Information, except as required to comply with any applicable legal or accounting record keeping requirement.  The Parties shall provide written notice of same after return or destruction.
5.4.4.
Notwithstanding provision of this Agreement to the contrary, upon termination of this Agreement, Podcaster shall have thirty (30) days from the effective date of such termination to either, as applicable, (i) request, or to have Podcaster’s new hosting provider request, a redirect of the Podcaster Media to such new hosting provider; or (ii) to retrieve Podcaster Media from the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service.
5.4.5.
Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement the provisions of Sections 7, 8, 9, 10, and 12 shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.
6. Confidential information
6.1.
For purposes of this Agreement, “
Confidential Information
” means non-public information, non-public knowledge learned from, by, or through Audacy in connection with the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service herein, and trade secrets, whether provided in written or oral form, that are designated as being confidential, or that a reasonable person knows or reasonably should understand to be confidential provided by a party or a third-party in conjunction with the services provided here; provided, however, that the following shall not be considered Confidential Information: information that is, or becomes, publicly available without a breach of this Agreement, was lawfully known to the receiver of the information without an obligation to keep it confidential, is received from another source who can disclose it lawfully and without an obligation to keep it confidential, or is independently developed.  The parties agree to use the Confidential Information solely for the purpose of performing their obligations hereunder.  Both parties will refrain from disclosing any Confidential Information to any third-party, except to the extent that (a) such disclosure is necessary to perform its obligations or exercise its rights under this Agreement, (b) such disclosure is required by applicable law, regulation or court order, provided that the party required to make such disclosure must use reasonable efforts to give the other party advance notice thereof so as to afford that party an opportunity to seek an order or other relief for protecting its Confidential Information from any unauthorized use or disclosure, and the Confidential Information is only disclosed to the extent required by law, (c) such disclosure is made with the consent of the disclosing party, or (d) such disclosure is to employees, consultants, or agents of the disclosing party who have a “need to know” such confidential information in order to assist the disclosing party in carrying out its obligations hereunder.
7. Intellectual property rights
7.1.
Podcaster grants Audacy a personal, non-assignable, non-exclusive, limited license to use Podcaster’s name, trademarks, and logo (the “
Podcaster Marks
”), and up to three (3) minutes of Podcaster Content for demo purposes (with full credit to the publisher) subject to Podcaster’s use guidelines, at no cost, solely for promotional and marketing purposes to further the business goals of Audacy during the duration of the Agreement, and Audacy grants Podcaster a personal, non-assignable, non-exclusive, limited license to use Audacy's name, trademarks, and logo (the “
Audacy Marks
”) at no cost for promotional and marketing purposes to further the business goals of Podcaster during the duration of the Agreement. Each party may use the name and/or logo of the other party in product brochures and financial reports, and on its website indicating that Podcaster is a customer of Audacy. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Podcaster must provide Audacy with a copy of its intended use of Audacy’s name, trademarks, and/or logo in the medium in which it intends such use and must obtain written approval from Audacy prior to any such use.
7.2.
Except as may be licensed to Audacy under the terms of this Agreement, Podcaster retains all of its intellectual property rights and other rights, title, and interest in and to the Podcaster Marks, the Podcaster Marks, the Stations, and the Podcaster web site and any portion thereof, including without limitation the format, content, and presentation of such.
7.3.
Except as licensed to Podcaster under the terms of this Agreement, Audacy retains all of its intellectual property rights and other rights, title, and interest in and to the Audacy Marks, the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service, including, without limitation, all software, custom code, documentation, training manuals, user guides, and/or any hardware Audacy provides to Podcaster and the Audacy Podcaster Console, their format, content, and presentation).
7.4 .
Podcaster agrees that Audacy shall own the data generated by Podcaster’s use of the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service, but shall only use such data to monitor, improve, modify and/or measure performance, including number of impressions, of the Audacy Streaming Services, and/or to compile and publish aggregated data reports for internal and commercial use; provided that Audacy shall not, at any time, disclose the identity of the Podcaster to third-parties without prior express written consent of Podcaster.   Audacy represents and warrants to Podcaster that only Audacy employees shall have access to de-aggregated information.
8. Warranties, disclaimer and remedies
8.1.
Each Party represents and warrants to the other Party that (i) it has a legal right to enter into this Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder, and (ii) the performance of its obligations will not violate any applicable laws, rules, or regulations; or infringe upon the rights or cause a breach of any agreements with any third parties.
8.2.
Podcaster further represents, warrants, and covenants that: (i) all necessary permissions and licenses for the broadcast and public performance of the Podcaster Content have been secured and will be maintained by Podcaster: (ii)Podcaster complies and will remain in compliance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations related to broadcasting the content; (iii) that where it collects, uses, or otherwise processes personal information or personal data as defined by Applicable Privacy Laws, that it complies with all Applicable Privacy Laws, including but not limited to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended, and its implementing regulations (“
CPRA
”), and, to the extent applicable, the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (“GDPR”) and equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom such as the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (“
UK Data Protection Law
”)(collectively “
Applicable Privacy Laws
”); (iv) with respect to all personal information or personal data, as defined by Applicable Privacy Laws, shared with Audacy, it is doing so lawfully, with adequate notice and/or consent of the data subjects; and (v) it shall maintain internal security systems and controls that, at a minimum, meet applicable legal and industry standards, and protect the integrity of the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service and information transferred to Audacy, and protect the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service from unauthorized use, theft, misuse, accidental or unauthorized modification, disclosure, transfer or destruction.
8.3.
Audacy warrants that it will perform the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service in a manner consistent with industry standards.  In the event of a breach of the warranties set forth in this Section, Podcaster’s sole remedy is termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 5.
8.4.
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE AUDACY CREATOR LAB HOSTING SERVICE AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS.  THERE ARE NO OTHER REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES MADE BY EITHER PARTY, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, EVEN IF AUDACY HAS BEEN INFORMED OF SUCH PURPOSE, OR WARRANTIES OF TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR ANY THE REQUIREMENTS OF PODCASTER OR ANY OTHER PERSON’S OR ENTITY’S REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE AUDACY CREATOR LAB HOSTING SERVICE OR THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE, ACHIEVE ANY INTENDED RESULT, BE COMPATIBLE OR WORK WITH ANY OF PODCASTER’S OR ANY THIRD PARTY'S SOFTWARE, SYSTEM, OR OTHER SERVICES, OR BE SECURE, ACCURATE, COMPLETE, FREE OF HARMFUL CODE, OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT ANY ERRORS OR DEFECTS CAN OR WILL BE CORRECTED.
8.5.
Audacy does not and cannot control the flow of data to or from the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service or within any portion of the Internet.  Such flow depends in large part on the performance of Internet services provided or controlled by third parties.  At times, actions, or omissions of such third parties can impair or disrupt Podcaster’s connections to the Internet (or portions thereof).  Although Audacy will use commercially reasonably efforts to take actions it deems appropriate to remedy and avoid such events, Audacy cannot guarantee that such events will not occur.  Accordingly, except to the extent of the express warranties set forth in this Agreement, Audacy disclaims any and all liability resulting from, or related to, such events.
9. Limitation of liability
9.1.
IN NO EVENT WILL AUDACY BE LIABLE UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT UNDER ANY LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, INCLUDING BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, FOR ANY: (I) CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, ENHANCED, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES; (II) INCREASED COSTS, DIMINUTION IN VALUE OR LOST BUSINESS, PRODUCTION, REVENUES, OR PROFITS; (iii) LOSS OF GOODWILL OR REPUTATION; (iv) USE, INABILITY TO USE, LOSS, INTERRUPTION, DELAY OR RECOVERY OF ANY DATA, OR BREACH OF DATA OR SYSTEM SECURITY; OR (v) COST OF REPLACEMENT GOODS OR SERVICES, IN EACH CASE REGARDLESS OF WHETHER PROVIDER WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES OR DAMAGES OR SUCH LOSSES OR DAMAGES WERE OTHERWISE FORESEEABLE.
9.2.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT TO THE CONTRARY, AUDACY SHALL INCUR NO LIABILITY UNDER ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT, WITH THE EXCEPTION OF DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY THE NEGLIGENCE OF AUDACY TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS THE LIMITATION OF DAMAGES IN SUCH CASES.  SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY NOT BE APPLICABLE.  AUDACY IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LIABILITY, LOSS, DAMAGE, OR INJURY ARISING OUT OF CONTENT PROVIDED BY ANY PODCASTER OR ANY THIRD PARTY AND/OR ANY MATERIAL LINKED THROUGH SUCH CONTENT.
10. Indemnification
10.1.
Audacy agrees to indemnify and defend or settle any claim brought by a third party against Podcaster and to pay all damages and costs that a court may award against Podcaster in any suit brought by a third party that alleges that Audacy’s software provided to Podcaster under this Agreement infringes the copyrights, trademarks, or trade secrets of any third party.  The foregoing indemnification shall not apply to any claims to the extent such claims arise out of any Podcaster Media.
10.2.
Podcaster agrees to indemnify and defend or settle any third party claim brought against Audacy and its parents, affiliates, and subsidiaries, and each of their respective officers, directors, members, managers, shareholders, employees, agents, and/or representatives that arises out of any Podcaster Media, Podcaster’s breach of warranty or obligation under this Agreement, or arises out of Audacy's authorized transmission, distribution of the Podcaster Media pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
10.3.
Mutual Indemnification. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each party shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other party, its employees and agents, from and against any claims, demands, loss, damage or expense for bodily injury or death of any person or damage to real and/or tangible personal property incurred in connection with this Agreement and the performance of the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service and to the extent proximately caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of that party, its personnel or agents in the performance of its obligations hereunder.
10.4.
In connection with any claim or action described in this Section 10, the party seeking indemnification (i) shall give the indemnifying party prompt written notice of the claim; (ii) shall cooperate with the indemnifying party (at the indemnifying party’s expense) in connection with the defense and settlement of the claim; (iii) shall permit the indemnifying party to control the defense and settlement of the claim, provided that the indemnifying party may not settle the claim without the indemnified party’s prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, and (iv) must have fully observed all material terms and conditions of this Agreement.  Further, the indemnified party, at its cost, may participate in the defense and settlement of the claim.
11. Assignment
11.1.
Neither Party may assign this Agreement, or sublicense any of the rights granted herein, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of the non-assigning Party, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld by the non-assigning party.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party may transfer or assign this Agreement, without the prior written consent of the non-assigning Party, to an affiliated company, or to a corporation or other business entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the assets, stock or business of the transferring or assigning Party by merger, purchase or otherwise, provided that such affiliate, corporation or other business entity expressly assumes all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement if this Agreement is transferred or assigned to such third party, and in the instance of an assignment by Podcaster, that such affiliate is not owned or controlled by a competitor of Audacy and/or Audacy.  If Audacy determines, in its reasonable opinion, that such a succeeding entity is a competitor of Audacy, then Audacy may immediately terminate this License Agreement for cause, effective upon written notice.  Any attempt by either party to assign or transfer any of the rights, duties, or obligations of this Agreement in violation of the foregoing will be null and void.  Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will be binding on the Parties and their successors and assigns.
12. General provisions, dispute resolution
12.1.
Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as creating an employer-employee relationship, a partnership, or a joint venture between the parties.  Each party shall remain an independent contractor and shall be responsible for, and shall promptly pay, all federal, state, and local taxes, chargeable or assessed with respect to its employees.
12.2.
The terms or provisions of any purchase order or other business form used by Podcaster will have no effect on the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder or otherwise modify this Agreement, regardless of the failure of Audacy to object to those terms.  In the event of a dispute related to this Agreement, the prevailing party is entitled to recover expenses including reasonable attorney’s fees.
12.3.
Neither party shall be liable to the other party by reason of any failure in performance of this Agreement if such failure arises out of causes beyond the control and without the fault or negligence of such party, including but not limited to acts of God or of the public enemy, acts of civil or military authority, fires, strikes, acts of terrorism, unavailable energy resources, delay in transportation, riots, war, electrical power failures, or telecommunication failures (each a “
Force Majeure Event
”).
12.4.
The Parties acknowledge that laws (including but not limited to data privacy and protection laws) are subject to change.  The Parties agree to reasonably cooperate and amend the terms of the Agreement to the extent necessary to comply with Applicable Privacy Laws, including, the execution of a Data Processing Addendum in the form reasonably requested by Audacy or its affiliates.
12.5.
All notices, authorizations, and requests in connection with this Agreement shall be deemed given: (i) on the day they are deposited in the U.S. mails, postage prepaid, certified or registered, return receipt requested; (ii) on the day they are sent by air express courier, charges prepaid; or (iii) on the day of transmittal if sent by facsimile, email, modem, or other means of mutually accepted electronic communication; and addressed as indicated under the signature lines below.
12.6.
This Agreement, along with the Audacy Creator Lab Terms and Conditions available at
https://creators.audacy.com/terms
which are fully incorporated herein by this reference, expresses and contains the entire agreement and understanding between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior oral or written agreements or other communications between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.  In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the terms of the Agreement and the Audacy Creator Lab Terms and Conditions, the terms of this Agreement shall first govern the resolution of any such conflict, followed by the Audacy Creator Lab Terms and Conditions.  This Agreement shall be binding upon heirs, successors, assigns and legal representatives of the parties hereto and inure to the benefit of permitted successors and assigns.  Audacy may amend the terms and conditions of this Agreement at any time by publishing such amended Agreement and its effective date on Audacy’s website, by means of a written notice provided through the Audacy Creator Lab Hosting Service referencing such amended Agreement and its effective date, by means of an email to Podcaster referencing such amended Agreement and its effective date, and/or by any other reasonable means Audacy deems desirable.  Failure of any party to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of its rights under that or any other provision.  No waiver of any provision of this Agreement in any instance shall be deemed to be a waiver of the same or any other provision in any other instance.  Section and/or paragraph headings and numbers are for convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of any paragraph of this Agreement.  This Agreement shall in all respects be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without regard to its conflicts of law principles, and both parties agree any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought before a court of competent jurisdiction in Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania.  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable by any court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction, the reminder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby, and such provision shall be carried out as nearly as possible according to its original terms and intent to eliminate such invalidity or unenforceability.  The section headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.  This Agreement does not provide any third party with any remedy, claim, liability, reimbursement, cause of action, or other right or privilege.  Each party stipulates and agrees that the rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement to favor any party against the other, and that no party, including any drafting party, shall have the benefit of any legal presumption (including "meaning of the authors") or the detriment of any burden of proof by reason of any ambiguity or uncertain meaning contained in this Agreement.  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement.  The parties agree that under the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act (“
UETA
”), affirmatively clicking the “
I Accept and Agree
” box on this webpage is an electronic signature fully binding and enforceable and is intended to authenticate this Agreement and to have the same force and effect as manual signatures.
©2026 All Rights Reserved.
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Cookie Settings