Terms of Service
Updated November 18, 2025



THESE TERMS OF SERVICE ARE SUBJECT TO A WAIVER OF CLASS ACTION RIGHTS AS DETAILED IN THE CLASS ACTION WAIVER SECTION BELOW

READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY. THEY ARE A LEGAL CONTRACT GOVERNING YOUR USE OF THE SITES PROVIDED BY USA TODAY CO., INC. AND ITS AFFILIATES.

1. Introduction
USA TODAY Co., Inc. and our affiliates (collectively, “USA TODAY Co.” “we”, “our” “us”) publish USA TODAY along with hundreds of local media brands.  The USA TODAY Network is the largest local-to-national publishing and digital media organization in the country. USA TODAY, our national flagship property, sits at the center of the network, surrounded by hundreds of local media brands, through which we empower communities to thrive. We connect people to content that matters through award-winning storytelling and multiplatform consumer experiences.

By using any of our websites, mobile sites, social media pages, apps or other services (collectively, the "Site"), or by clicking an “Accept”, “Register” or similar button or icon, connecting to the Site through a third-party such as Facebook or by accessing, browsing, or using the Site in any manner, you agree to be bound by, and to use the Site in accordance with, these Terms of Service.  You also agree to additional terms and conditions that are referenced herein or that otherwise apply to specific sections of the Site, or to products and services that we make available to you through the Site or affiliated sites, including (without limitation) our: 

Privacy Policy
Subscription Terms and Conditions
Advertising Acceptance Policy
Community Rules
USA TODAY Co. Digital Products Terms of Use
Each of the foregoing (and any other terms on one of our sites) is incorporated into and made part of these Terms of Service and serve as “Additional Terms” that pertain to you as applicable based on your interaction with our Site.

Accessing the Site for the limited and exclusive purpose of reviewing these Terms of Service does not constitute your "use" of the Site or agreement to be bound by these Terms of Service unless you further access or use the Site.

We reserve the right to change these Terms of Service or to impose new conditions on use of the Site, from time to time, in which case we will post the revised Terms of Service on this website and update the "Last Updated" date to reflect the date of the changes. If we make a material change to the Terms of Service, we will not typically enforce the material change to any use of the Site occurring before the change.  However, if we do intend to enforce a material change retroactively, we will notify you by posting a prominent notice of the change on the home or landing page of the Site or otherwise notify you of the changes so you may elect whether to accept the changes by continuing to use the Site or terminate your account. By continuing to use the Site after we post any such changes or notify you of any material changes, you accept the Terms of Service, as modified.

We also reserve the right to deny access to the Site or any features of the Site to anyone who violates these Terms of Service or who, in our sole judgment, interferes with the ability of others to enjoy our website, infringes the rights of others or impedes, or poses a threat to, the operation of the Site.

2. Rights and Restrictions Relating to Site Content
Your Limited Right to Use Site Content. This Site and all the text, photos, images, videos, fonts, information and other materials available on or through the Site (“Content”) are the property of USA TODAY Co. and/or our affiliates or licensors, and are protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws. The Site and all its Content is provided solely for your personal non-commercial use.
Restrictions on Use.  You may not use the Site or the Content in a manner that constitutes an infringement of our rights or that has not been authorized by us. More specifically, unless explicitly authorized in these Terms of Service, in a signed, written agreement you have with us or in writing signed by the owner of any Content, you may not:
modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, display, transmit, translate, perform, sell, create derivative works, exploit, or distribute in any manner or medium (including by email or other electronic means) any Content from the Site;
cache or archive any portion of the Content (except for public search engines who create search indices solely for the inclusion of links and brief excerpts of the Content attributed to us in search results, but not for AI-generated summaries that operate as a substitute for the Content itself);
use robots, spiders, scripts, code or any other automatic or manual device, tool or process to “crawl”, “scrape”, search or monitor this Site and/or access, retrieve or copy Content or related information (except as permitted under subclause (ii) above);
bypass or work around any controls, paywalls, gating mechanisms or other measures we use to prevent or limit access to this Site or its Content, including without limitation by bypassing any exclusionary protocols such as the Robots Exclusion Protocol or the Automated Content Access protocol.  Please be advised that our robots.txt notice on our Site is intended for designated contractual partners, and it does not constitute our authorization or consent under these Terms of Service. You may, however, from time to time, download and/or print one copy of individual pages of the Site for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. For information about requesting permission to reproduce or distribute Content from the Site, please contact us.
use our Site or any Content to develop or improve any software program, model, algorithm, machine learning or artificial intelligence (AI) system or tool (including generative AI), including without limitation for training, re-training, fine tuning, grounding, retrieval augmented generation or otherwise in connection with operating any such system or tool; or
reproduce, extract or otherwise perform text and/or data mining activities with respect to the Content as provided for Article 4 of the EU Directive on Copyright in the Digital Single Market (all Content is explicitly restricted from such use).
Limitations on Linking and Framing.  You are free to establish a hypertext link to our Site so long as the link (a) does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your website or service by us or by our Site, (b) is not used to spoof our Site or for any other deceptive, fraudulent or unlawful purpose.  However, you may not, without our prior written permission, frame or inline link any of the Content, or incorporate into another website or other service any of our Content or intellectual property.  You must remove any links to our Site upon request from us.
Limitations on Use of Content From Third-Party Providers. Some Content is provided by the Associated Press, Reuters, Getty Images and other third-parties (“Third-Party Providers”).  By using this Site, you agree and acknowledge that (1) you will not publish, display, broadcast, or rewrite for broadcast or publication, or redistribute, directly or indirectly in any medium, any Third-Party Provider Content; and (2) no Third-Party Provider Content nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and non-commercial use. The Third-Party Provider will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions in the Content provided by it or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part of the Content provided by it, or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing.  In addition to the terms set forth in this paragraph, the Third-Party Provider may impose other terms and conditions on the use of any Content it produces. Please check with the applicable Third-Party Provider for more information about their terms and conditions.
3. Rights and Responsibility Regarding User-Provided Content and Use of User Content Features
This Site may include a variety of features, such as discussion forums, blogs, photo- and video-sharing pages, email or text services and social networking features that allow feedback to us and allow users to interact with us and each other on the Site and post content and materials for display on the Site. This Site also may include other features, such as personalized home pages and email services, that allow users to communicate with third parties. All such features that enable user engagement or sharing of content or communications are referred to as “User Content Features”.  

Our Right to Use Materials You Submit or Post. When you submit or post any material via the Site or through contact methods listed on the Site, you:
grant us, and anyone authorized by us, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to use, copy, modify, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, translate, sell, exploit, create derivative works from, distribute, and/or publicly perform or display such material, in whole or in part, in any manner or medium (whether now known or hereafter developed), for any purpose that we choose;
waive any moral rights in any of the materials you submit or post;
agree that the grant in Section 3.1(i) includes the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such posting or submission, including, but not limited to, rights under copyright, trademark or patent laws that exist in any relevant jurisdiction;
grant us, and anyone authorized by us, the right to identify you as the author of any of your postings or submissions by name, email address and/or screen name, as we deem appropriate;
understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Site, including content submitted by you, may involve transmissions over various networks, and may involve changes to the content to conform and adapt it to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices;
will not receive any compensation of any kind for the use of any materials submitted by you;
acknowledge and agree that any content or material you provide is, or may be considered, public information; but where it is not (or is not considered) public information, you acknowledge and agree that we may also disclose such content and materials if required to do so by law or if, in our business judgment, such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce these Terms of Service and any Additional Terms; (c) respond to claims that any content or materials submitted by you violate the rights of third parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of our Site, us, our affiliates, our officers, directors, employees, representatives, our licensors, other users, and/or the public.
Your Representations About Your Use of User Content Features and Your Content.  By accessing and using any User Content Features, you represent and agree: (i) that you have read and agree to abide by our Terms of Service and any Additional Terms; (ii) that you are the owner of any material you post or submit, or are making your posting or submission with the express consent of the owner of the material; (iii) that you are making your posting or submission with the express consent of anyone pictured, or otherwise identified, in any material you post or submit; (iv) that you are 18 years of age or older, except in for certain of our services intended for use by children under the age of 18 (such as our local High School Sports Awards programs) in which case that your parent or legal guardian has read these Terms of Service and agreed to them and to your use of, subscription to, or registration for the applicable Service;  and (v) that the materials will not violate the rights of, or cause injury to, any person or entity.
Responsibility for What You Submit.  You are solely responsible for what you post on User Content Features. We are not responsible for the speech, content, messages, information or files that you or others may transmit, post or otherwise provide on or through the Site.
Our Rights, But Not Obligations, Regarding User Content Features. You understand that we have no obligation to monitor any User Content Features. However, we reserve the right at all times, in our sole discretion, to screen content submitted by users and to edit, move, delete, and/or refuse to accept any content that in our judgment violates these Terms of Service or any Additional Terms, or is otherwise unacceptable or inappropriate, whether for legal or any other reasons.
4. Access; Registration
Login Credentials.  Any registration or account creation to use the Site or User Content Features requires you to create login credentials.  Your login credentials can be created by (i) selecting a password and providing an e-mail address or (ii) by linking another account, such as your Apple, Facebook or Google accounts. We reserve the right to reject or terminate the use of any username that we deem offensive or inappropriate.
Additional Registration Information.  To access or participate in certain User Content Features, we may ask you to provide certain demographic information including your gender, year of birth, zip code and country in addition to the information requested in Section 4.1 of these Terms of Service.
Complete and Accurate Information.  You agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Site's registration form.  We may also request that you verify and update your account or contact information. If we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, incomplete or not current, we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Site (or any portion thereof).
Credentials Are Only for You.  Only you may use your registration or login credentials, and you may not share your registration login credentials with anyone else.  We may cancel or suspend your access to the services if you share your login credentials. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, as well as all activities (whether by you or by others) that occur under your password or account. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session.  We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to protect your password or account information.
Consent to Notify You.  You consent to receive notifications from us electronically at the e-mail address you provide to us. You agree that all notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. You agree that you have the ability to store such electronic communications such that they remain accessible to you in an unchanged form.
Login Credentials for Group Subscriptions.  If your access to the Site has been provided by or through a third party group subscription (for example, your employer or an educational institution at which you are a student), the group subscriber may have provided us with information about you so that we can provide you with access to the services and identify you as an authorized user under the applicable group subscription (such as your IP address, email address or name). 
5. Privacy
Our use of any information you provide to us in connection with the use of the Site, or as part of any registration process, is governed by our Privacy Policy, which is included and fully incorporated into these Terms of Service and any Additional Terms. 

6. Online Commerce
Certain sections of the Site may allow you to purchase different types of products and services online that are provided either by us or by third parties.

For products and services provided by us, we may engage  third-party partners and service providers to support the e-commerce functionality, such as ordering functionality, payment and fulfillment. The terms of use and privacy policy applicable to such e-commerce activities will be designated on the relevant e-commerce page, and may be the terms of use or privacy policy of the third-party partner or provider, even if the e-commerce page is branded USA TODAY or one of other brands.

For third-party products and services, we are not responsible for the quality, accuracy, timeliness, reliability, fulfillment or any other aspect of these third-party products and services. If you make a purchase from a merchant on our Site, or on a third-party website that you have accessed via a link on our Site, the information obtained during your visit to that merchant's online store or site, and the information that you give as part of the transaction, such as your credit card number and contact information, may be collected by both the merchant and us. A merchant may have privacy and data collection practices that are different from ours. We have no responsibility or liability for a merchant’s policies, and you should take care to read such policies.

In addition, when you purchase products or services on or through the Site, you may be subject to additional terms and conditions that specifically apply to your purchase or use of such products or services. For more information regarding a merchant, its online store, its privacy policies, and/or any additional terms and conditions that may apply, visit that merchant's website and click on its information links or contact the merchant directly. You release us and our affiliates from any damages that you incur, and agree not to assert any claims against us or any of our affiliates, arising from your purchase or use of any products or services made available by third parties through the Site.

You agree to pay any prices, fees and taxes for all purchases made by you or someone acting on your behalf through the Site. You agree to use the Site, and to purchase services or products through the Site, for legitimate, non-commercial purposes only. You also agree not to make any purchases for speculative, false or fraudulent purposes or for the purpose of anticipating demand for a particular product or service. You agree to only purchase goods or services for yourself or for another person for whom you are legally permitted to do so. When making a purchase for a third-party that requires you to submit the third-party's personal information to us or a merchant, you represent that you have obtained the express consent of such third-party to provide such third-party's personal information.

7. Fees
We will obtain your prior agreement to pay fees for services before you are charged.  You must pay any such fees and charges incurred, as well as any applicable taxes, through your account at the rates in effect for the billing period in which such fees and charges are incurred You may cancel your account in accordance with the cancellation terms for the specific services purchased.

8. Advertisements; Self-Service Portals; Classifieds; Real Estate; Job Postings
General.
We shall not be liable for any loss or expense that results from an error in or omission of an advertisement. No refunds for early cancellation of order.
We reserve the right to edit, refuse, reject, classify or cancel any ad at any time. Errors must be reported on the first day of publication.
Rates and specifications for any advertisement are subject to change.
Using Our Self-Service Ad Portals.
Submission and Definitions.
When you submit an ad through any of our self-service ad portals (each, an “Ad Portal”), whether by uploading a completed ad or creating one using our image library, the materials you provide are referred to as “Advertiser Content”. Any additional elements used in the creation of the ad, such as images from our image library, design elements, creative work, graphics, fonts, and other materials provided by us, are referred to as “Publisher Content.” Together, the Advertiser Content and Publisher Content are the “Generated Ad.”
Ownership and Rights. 
You agree that the Generated Ad, as it appears on the Site, becomes our property. You assign to us all ownership rights in the Generated Ad including any copyright interest, except for any trademarks owned by you or third parties.
Publication Terms. 
Submitting an advertisement does not guarantee publication. Likewise, publication does not imply a commitment to continued publication. We accept only standard abbreviations and require proper punctuation. We reserve the right to edit, reclassify, revise, remove, reject, or cancel any advertisement at our sole discretion.
Advertising Rates and Classified Standard Rates. Your purchase of classified ads will be billed at USA TODAY Co.'s standard rates, copies of which are available from our advertising department. USA TODAY Co. reserves the right to modify its rates and fees, including increasing its standard rates, at any time and from time to time. USA TODAY Co. will provide you with at least 30 days' prior written notice of any rate or fee increase. Other Advertising. Your purchase of other advertising will be quoted prior to purchase.
Real Estate Advertisements; Equal Housing Opportunity.  The Federal Fair Housing Act makes it illegal to advertise "any preference, limitation, or discrimination because of race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin, or intention to make any such preference, limitation, or discrimination."  State law may also forbid discrimination based on these factors and others. We will not knowingly accept any advertising for real estate which is in violation of the law. All persons are hereby informed that all dwellings advertised are available on an equal opportunity basis. To report discrimination, call the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development at 800-669-9777.
Job Listings.   Our Site may permit users to post, and search for, job openings. We do not knowingly accept listings regarding employment that are not for bona fide job opportunities.  We also do not knowingly accept listings that discriminate or intend to discriminate on any illegal basis, or that are otherwise illegal. If you think that a listing posted on our Site discriminates on any illegal basis, or is otherwise illegal, please contact us. We encourage you to investigate fully and understand all aspects of any job you are considering.
Errors.   Descriptions, pricing and other information about a product or service may not be correct at the time it appears in an advertisement or other material in the Site.  This may be due to issues, including typographical errors, technology errors, errors in pricing or information about the products or services received from the advertiser.  You agree we are not responsible for such errors, incorrect information or discrepancies.
9. Text Communications
When you sign up to receive text messages from our Site (such as relating to your account, promotional offers from us and our partners, weather information, and event updates), we will collect your name and mobile phone number and the other information identified in the form, as well as any information you provide to us via texts that you send to us.  We will only send you texts if you have first opted in to receiving them or as permitted by law for transactional communications where you have provided us with your mobile number.

You may reply STOP to any text message at any time to opt out from receiving further texts.  

10. Chat Features
You may engage with us via chat functions on our websites, including automated chat bots. We collect information that you submit through the chat, such as your name, account number (if you have one) and contact information.  By using any of our chat features, you agree that (a) chat sessions may be recorded and/or transcribed to facilitate follow up on your questions or comments, for training and quality control purposes, to improve our services and for any other lawful purpose and (b) the chat information, recording and transcription may be shared with third parties via technologies that track your interaction with the chat and via other means such as direct sharing of files.  

11. Limitation on Use of Company Directories
The information contained in any company directories that may be provided on the Site is provided for business lookup purposes and is not to be used for marketing or telemarketing applications. This information may not be copied or redistributed and is provided "AS IS" without warranty of any kind. In no event will we or our suppliers be liable in any way with regard to such information.

12. Modifications to, or Discontinuation of, the Site
We reserve the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Site, or any portion thereof, with or without notice. You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Site or any portion thereof.

13. Disclaimers
Third-Party Links. The Site may contain third-party owned content and links to other websites (“Third-Party Platforms”), such as Facebook, LinkedIn, YouTube and other platforms.  Although we may receive fees for such links, our linking to such third-party sites does not imply an endorsement or sponsorship of such sites, or the information, products or services offered on or through the sites. In addition, neither we nor our parent or subsidiary companies nor any of our respective affiliates operate or control in any respect any information, products or services that third parties may provide on or through the Site or on websites linked to by us on the Site.
NO WARRANTIES.  THE INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OFFERED ON OR THROUGH THE SITE AND ANY THIRD-PARTY SITES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE OR ANY OF ITS FUNCTIONS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT ANY PART OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, USER CONTENT FEATURES, OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE IT AVAILABLE, ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. 
WE DO NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE SITE OR MATERIALS ON THIS SITE OR ON THIRD-PARTY SITES IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, RELIABILITY OR OTHERWISE. 
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION ARE A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT AND CONSIDERATION TO US TO GRANT THE LICENSE CONTAINED IN THIS TERMS OF SERVICE AND TO PROVIDE YOU WITH ACCESS TO THE SITE AND SERVICES.
 Hardware; Software; Connections. You must provide and are solely responsible for all hardware and/or software necessary to access the Site. You assume the entire cost of and responsibility for any damage to, and all necessary maintenance, repair or correction of, that hardware and/or software.  You acknowledge that by using the Site, you may incur charges from your wireless carrier, internet service provider or other method of internet or data access, and that payment of any such charges will be your sole responsibility.  You agree that your use of the Site will be in accordance with all requirements of your wireless carrier, internet service provider and other method of internet or data access.  We do not control network access. Your use of these networks may not be secure and may expose your personal information sent over such networks.
 The Site Is Not for Commercial Use or Investing.  The Site is provided for informational purposes only, and is not intended for trading or investing purposes, or for commercial use. Stock and mutual fund quotes, and related financial news stories may be delayed at least 20 minutes, as may be required by the stock exchanges and/or the financial information services. The Site should not be used in any high risk activities where damage or injury to persons, property, environment, finances or business may result if an error occurs. You expressly assume all risk for such use.
 We Are Not Responsible for Your Interactions With Others.  Your interactions with companies, organizations and/or individuals found on or through our Site, including any purchases, transactions, or other dealings, and any terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such companies, organizations and/or individuals. You agree that we will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings. You also agree that, if there is a dispute between users of this Site, or between a user and any third-party, we are under no obligation to become involved, and you agree to release us and our affiliates from any claims, demands and damages of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such dispute and/or our Site.
14. Limitation of Liability
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, WILL WE OR OUR SUBSIDIARIES, PARENT COMPANIES OR AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THIS SITE, INCLUDING ITS MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES, OR THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THIS SITE, EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND OUR MAXIMUM LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE THE GREATER OF (A) THE FEES YOU PAID FOR ANY SERVICES OR PRODUCT RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT IN CONNECTION WITH OUR SERVICE, AND (B) $100. (BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH STATES, OUR LIABILITY AND THE LIABILITY OF OUR SUBSIDIARIES, PARENT COMPANIES AND AFFILIATES, IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.) YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WE ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY USER. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THE SITE, OR ANY MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES ON THE SITE, OR WITH ANY OF THE SITE'S TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SITE.

15. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless us, our affiliates, and each of our and their respective directors, officers, managers, employees, shareholders, agents, representatives and licensors, from and against any and all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, that arise out of your use of the Site, uploading content through use User Content Features, providing Advertising Content, violation of these Terms of Service by you or any other person using your account, or your violation of any rights of another.  We reserve the right to take over the exclusive defense of any claim for which we are entitled to indemnification under this section. In such event, you agree to provide us with such cooperation as is reasonably requested by us.

16. Suspension and Termination of Access
In addition to our ability to terminate for other reasons (such terminating your subscription under the Subscription Terms and Conditions), you agree that, in our sole discretion, we may suspend or terminate your password, account (or any part thereof) or use of the Site, or any part of the Site, and remove and discard any materials that you submit to the Site, at any time, for any reason, without notice. You agree that we will not be liable to you or any third-party for any suspension or termination of your password, account (or any part thereof) or use of the Site, or any removal of any materials that you have submitted to the Site. If we suspend or terminate your access to and/or use of the Site, you will continue to be bound by the Terms of Service that were in effect as of the date of your suspension or termination; provided that if during suspension any updates to the Terms of Service were made, such updates will apply upon reinstation.

17. Notice of Copyright Infringement
If you are a copyright owner who believes your copyrighted material has been reproduced, posted or distributed via the Site in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement, please inform our designated copyright agent by sending written notice by U.S. Mail to USA TODAY Co., Inc., 175 Sully’s Trail, Pittsford, NY 14534, Attn: M. Faris, or by email to legalnotices@gannett.com.

Please note that you must include all of the following information in your written notice:

detailed description of the copyrighted work that is allegedly infringed upon;
a description of the location of the allegedly infringing material on the Site;
your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and, if available, email address;
a statement by you indicating that you have a good-faith belief that the allegedly infringing use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, affirming that the information in your notice is accurate and that you are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf; and
an electronic or physical signature of the copyright owner or someone authorized on the owner's behalf to assert infringement of copyright and to submit the statement.
Please note that the contact information provided in this paragraph is for suspected copyright infringement only. Contact information for other matters is provided elsewhere in these Terms of Service or on the Site.

18. Restrictions
The Site is intended for use for those over the age as described in Section 3.2 of these Terms of Service (or for other applicable services, with parent/legal guardian approval as described in Section 3.2 of these Terms of Service).     The Site may not comply with legal requirements of foreign countries. Other countries may have laws and regulatory requirements that differ from those in the U.S. By using this Site, you agree to the transfer and processing of any personal information you provide to the U.S. as set forth in the Privacy Policy under the laws of the United States and the State of New York, rather than under the law of your home country.

19. Waiver of Class Actions
This is an important section that limits your right to bring a class action against us.  

You and USA TODAY Co. agree that each party may bring disputes against the other party only in an individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding, including, without limitation, a federal or state class action lawsuit. However, nothing in this section limits your right or USA TODAY Co.’s right to bring a lawsuit against each other as an individual plaintiff. This provision applies to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law to all claims that arise under, in connection with, or relate to this these Terms of Service, or your use of Service or products.  

20. Additional Legal Terms
These Terms of Service, with the Additional Terms referred to, constitute the entire agreement between us and you with respect to the subject matter contained in these Terms of Service and Additional Terms and supersede all previous and contemporaneous agreements, proposals and communications, written oral.

You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use the products or services of a third-party that are provided through the Site. In the event of any conflict between any such third-party terms and conditions and these Terms of Service, these Terms of Service will govern.

These Terms of Service will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.

These Terms of Service are personal to you, and you may not assign it to anyone. If any provision of these Terms of Service are found to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from these Terms of Service and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. These Terms of Service are not intended to benefit any third-party, and do not create any third-party beneficiaries. Accordingly, these Terms of Service may only be invoked or enforced by you or us.

You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action that you may have arising out of or related to use of the Site or these Terms of Service must be filed by you within one year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.