Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to AIA. So we’ve developed a Privacy Policy that covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your information. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices.

Collection and Use of Personal Information
Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person.

You may be asked to provide your personal information anytime you are in contact with AIA. AIA, our members, our partners and affiliates may share this personal information with each other and use it consistent with this Privacy Policy. They may also combine it with other information to provide and improve our products, services, content, and resources.

Our websites and apps are not intended for children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly solicit data online from, or market online to, children under 13 years of age. 

Here are some examples of the types of personal information AIA may collect and how we may use it.

How we use your personal information
The personal information we collect allows us to keep you posted on AIA’s latest information, share our program information and program updates. It also helps us to improve our services, our resource content, member communications, and advertising. If you don’t want to be on our mailing list, you can opt out anytime.

We may use your personal information to send important notices, such as communications about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with AIA, you may not opt out of receiving these communications.

We may also use personal information for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research to improve AIA’s products, services, and member communications.

We may use Online Information we collect about you on its own or combine it with Other Information to deliver products and services, including to: recognize you when you return to our websites or use our apps; complete transactions; tell you about updates to your accounts, products, and services; update you about new features and benefits; answer questions and respond to your requests made through our websites or apps and through third-party websites (including social media); determine how to best provide services to you and manage your accounts, such as the best way and time to contact you; improve our websites or apps and make them easier to use; advertise and market our products and services – and those of our Partners and Affiliates – including to: present content that is tailored to your interests, including Targeted Advertising; send or provide you with ads, promotions, and offers; analyze whether our ads, promotions, and offers are effective; help us determine whether you may be interested in new products or services; conduct research and analysis, including to: better understand our customers and our website visitors or app users; allow you to give feedback by rating and reviewing our products and services and those of our Business Partners; produce data analytics, statistical research, and reports; review and change our products and services; use it in other ways as required or permitted by law or with your consent.

Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
We also collect non-personal information − data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual. We may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose. The following are some examples of non-personal information that we collect and how we may use it:

We may collect information such as program information gathered from surveys, zip code, area code, so that we can better understand our membership to improve our products, services, and advertising.

We also may collect information regarding customer activities on our website. This information is aggregated and used to help us provide more useful information to our members and to understand which parts of our website, products, and services are of most interest. Aggregated data is considered non-personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.

If we do combine non-personal information with personal information the combined information will be treated as personal information for as long as it remains combined.

Disclosure to AIA Members
Personal contact information of AIA members will be available to other members via the “Members Only Resources”.  You can opt out anytime.

Disclosure to Third Parties
At times AIA may make certain personal information available to our partners and affiliates that work with AIA to provide information on products and services, on a one-time use basis.  You can opt out anytime by sending them an email with your request.

Protection of Personal Information
AIA takes precautions — including administrative, technical, and physical measures — to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.

AIA online services such as the Product Store use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption on all web pages where personal information is collected.

When you use some AIA applications or post on a forum, chat room, or social networking service, the personal information you share is visible to other users and can be read, collected, or used by them. You are responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these instances. For example, if you list your name and email address in a forum posting, that information is public. Please take care when using these features.

Integrity and Retention of Personal Information
AIA makes it easy for you to keep your personal information accurate, complete, and up to date. We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.

Access to Personal Information
You can help ensure that your contact information is accurate, complete, and up to date by logging in to your account.  For other personal information, we make good faith efforts to provide you with access so you can request that we correct the data if it is inaccurate or delete the data

How do we share your information?
We do not share Personal Information with anyone except as described below. We may share Personal Information as required or as permitted by law, such as: 

with regulatory authorities, courts, and governmental agencies to comply with legal orders, legal or regulatory requirements, and government requests; 

with our partners and affiliates who perform services for us and help us operate our business

Privacy Protections for Children
Most AIA Services are intended for a general audience and do not knowingly collect or store contact information about children under the age of 13. Some AIA Services may ask for your full date of birth date to ensure that they are not collecting information from children under 13 or to identify when additional steps may need to be taken when information has been collected from children under 18. In those instances where a AIA has actual knowledge that it collects information from children or offers a service directed toward children as defined under applicable laws, it will comply with those laws.

User-Generated Content
Some AIA Services enable users to submit their own content for use in contests, blogs, on-air radio and TV broadcasts, online audio and video streams, videos, message boards, and other functions. Please remember that any information you disclose becomes public information and exercise caution when choosing to disclose your contact, financial, and other information in a submission. We cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Privacy Policy, the law, or your personal privacy and safety. You should also be aware that we may also engage a third party to provide some of the services associated with the blogs, message boards and similar functions. This third party will collect and host the information that you submit to the AIA but will not use any of this information for purposes other than providing the service.

Third Party Websites and Services
Please note that some AIA Services may contain links to other websites and services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those websites, and we recommend that you review the privacy policies of each website that you visit. When you select a link to a third party web site from one of the AIA (e.g., if you link to PayPal to pay for a product or service offered by a AIA), you will be leaving the AIA. Any information that you disclose on the third party website will be governed by that website's privacy policy.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and service offerings. If we modify our Privacy Policy, we will update the "Last Modified Date" and such changes will be effective upon posting. If we make any material changes in the way we use your information, we will notify you by email through the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a prominent notice of the changes on the CBS Interactive Services.

What are your choices?
You may: click unsubscribe on the bottom of e-mails and follow the instructions, register for the National Do Not Call List at donotcall.gov/default.aspx; and/or

Register for the Direct Marketing Association’s Mail Preference Service at dmachoice.org/register.php.

If you have questions about our online privacy statement, email us at info@azpreps365.com.