Babylist Terms and Conditions of Use
skip to main content
Log in
Sign up
Baby List, Inc.
Effective Date: May 05, 2025
Terms of Use
These Terms of Use (“
Terms
”) apply to all websites, services, software, applications, Content and Baby List Products (as defined below) (collectively, the “
Services
”) provided by Baby List, Inc. (“Babylist”) to you as a user of the Services ("You," "Your," or "User"). Please read these Terms carefully. In addition to these Terms, Your access to and use of the Services are governed by the Babylist Privacy Policy, which can be found at
https://www.babylist.com/privacy
(the “
Privacy Policy
”), and which is incorporated into these Terms by reference. Please read these Terms and the Privacy Policy carefully.
These Terms govern Your use of the Services and constitute a binding agreement between You and Babylist, and are deemed accepted by You when you access or use the Services. If You do not agree with or accept these Terms, do not use the Services. Babylist reserves the right to revise these Terms at any time, at its sole discretion, by posting an updated version to the applicable Website, application or other Babylist property. You should visit this page periodically to review the most current Terms, because they are binding on You. By continuing to access or use the Services after updated Terms have been posted, You agree to be bound by the updated Terms. The Babylist Products may have additional terms and conditions that apply.
PLEASE READ THE DISPUTE RESOLUTION SECTION FURTHER BELOW CAREFULLY AS IT WILL IMPACT YOUR RIGHTS IN THE EVENT OF A DISPUTE BETWEEN US. THE PROVISIONS IN THAT SECTION INCLUDE AN ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, A MANDATORY PRE-ARBITRATION INFORMAL DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCESS, A CLASS ACTION WAIVER, ADDITIONAL PROCEDURES FOR MASS ARBITRATION FILINGS, AND A JURY TRIAL WAIVER. YOU AND BABYLIST AGREE THAT, EXCEPT FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DISPUTES MENTIONED IN THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT BELOW, DISPUTES BETWEEN US WILL BE RESOLVED BY MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION, AND YOU AND BABLYIST WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASSWIDE ARBITRATION. TAKE NOTE THAT IN ARBITRATION, THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY, AND THERE IS TYPICALLY LESS DISCOVERY THAN IN COURT. YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OPT OUT OF ARBITRATION AS EXPLAINED IN THE DISPUTE RESOLUTION SECTION.
Babylist reserves the right, without notice and in its sole discretion, to restrict, refuse or terminate Your ability to use the Services, and to limit, block or prevent access to and use of the Services without any liability to You.
Definitions
“
Content
” means all content contained on the Website, including all text, images, audio content, videos, designs, graphics, information, logos, downloadable content, software, and any other content contained therein and all related patents, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, intellectual property and/or other proprietary information of Babylist.
“
Babylist Product(s)
” means and refers to any products, including without limitation any gift cards, purchased from Babylist or third parties through the Website or any Babylist mobile application.
“
Post or Provide
” (or any derivative thereof) means to upload, post, transmit, share, store, submit, link to or otherwise make available on the Website.
“
We
,” “
Us
,” and “
Our
” mean and refer to Babylist and its parents, subsidiaries or affiliates.
“
Website
” or “
Websites
” means any websites, web pages, and any subpages (including any mobile websites, web pages and subpages) under Babylist's control, whether partial or otherwise. This includes, but is not limited to, babylist.com, any subpages, and the website from which these Terms were accessed.
Eligibility and Account
If You are accessing and accepting these Terms on behalf of a company or other legal entity, You represent that You have the authority to bind that company or legal entity to these Terms. You also certify that You are legally permitted to use and access the Services and take full responsibility for the selection and use of and access to the Services. You are responsible for ensuring that all persons who access the Website through Your internet connection are aware of these Terms and that they comply with them. This includes any person who is authorized to access Your account via Your login, and any additional logins associated with Your account. These Terms are void where prohibited by law, and the right to access the Services is revoked in such jurisdictions.
You must be 18 years of age or older and have a valid credit card to purchase any Babylist Products on Our Website. If You are under the age of 18, You agree and warrant that You have Your parent or legal guardian’s consent to access Our Website.
Some Services require You to create an account to participate in such Service. By creating an account, You represent that (i) You are over the age of 18, (ii) You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Your account and password, and (iii) You accept responsibility for all activities that occur under Your account, password and any logins associated with Your account. You hereby represent that all registration information You submit is accurate, current and complete and that You are solely responsible for the accuracy of such information. You agree to update Your account information to keep it current and accurate.
You agree not to impersonate or misrepresent Your affiliation with any person or entity, including using another person’s username, password or other account information, another person’s name or likeness or provide false details, unless and only in the circumstance that You have been authorized to create a login associated with another User’s account.
Babylist reserves the right to accept or refuse Your application for an account (in Our absolute and sole discretion).
As part of the Services, if you provide us with a mobile telephone number, We may send SMS messages to You using a short code text messaging service, for example, We may send You an SMS message to confirm Your signup when You opt in to the Service or to provide customer service. By providing Your mobile phone number and using the Services, You hereby affirmatively consent to Our use of your mobile phone number for calls and texts in order to perform and improve upon the Services. If You need assistance with our text messaging services, You may reply "HELP" to any message to receive support information. We will not assess any charges for calls or texts, but standard message charges or other charges from Your wireless carrier may apply. We may from time to time offer You the ability to receive special offers and other marketing content from Us via SMS, though these messages will only be sent with your express affirmative consent. You may opt-out of receiving text messages from Us by modifying Your account settings on the Website or our mobile application, by emailing [
[email protected]
], replying "HELP" to any SMS message for assistance, or responding STOP in the case of a marketing text message.
Usage
You agree and warrant that You will not use the Services in a manner that is illegal or otherwise inconsistent with these Terms. In addition, You will not use the Services in a manner that Babylist deems, in its sole discretion, objectionable.
You agree that You will access the Services only through the interfaces provided.
You may access videos on Our Website and Services as available, for your information and personal use, as intended through the normal functionality of Our Services, via Streaming. Accessing and viewing Website videos for any purpose or in any manner other than Streaming is expressly prohibited.
When using the Services, You agree not to do any of the following:
attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer or otherwise hack the Website or any software, network or servers used to provide the Services, or to damage Our Website, services or other property in any way;
attempt to breach any security or authentication measures of the Website or the Services;
avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, impair, descramble or otherwise circumvent any technological measure implemented by Babylist or any other third party to protect the Services or the Content;
use the Services, Your account, or communications with other Users for any commercial purpose or solicitation;
interfere or attempt to interfere with other Users’ use of the Services;
impersonate or misrepresent Your affiliation with any person;
violate any applicable law of regulation;
defame, abuse, stalk, threaten, intimidate, harass or otherwise violate the legal rights, including such person's privacy rights or rights of publicity, of any User, third parties or employee, staff or agent of Babylist;
do anything that could disable, damage, tamper with, impair or otherwise cause interruptions to the proper working of the Services;
use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access, data-mine, data-crawl, scrap or index the Services in any manner;
send spam or any other unauthorized advertisements or solicitations through or using the Services;
attempt to harvest, collect or use addresses, phone numbers or email addresses or other contact information of Users without consent from such Users and Babylist;
solicit personal information (including social security numbers, credit card numbers and passwords) from Users;
provide any false personal information in Your account, create more than one account, transfer Your account or create an account for anyone other than Yourself; provided that it is allowed for You to create and have multiple logins associated with Your account;
offer any contest, sweepstakes, coupon or other promotion through Babylist;
do anything that is illegal, infringing, fraudulent, malicious or could expose Babylist or Users to harm or liability;
refer a friend by providing such friend’s e-mail address to Us, unless such friend is at least 18-years old;
allow a child under the age of 18 to provide any personal information in such child’s User Content (as defined below); or
attempt, encourage or facilitate any of the above.
Babylist will have the right to investigate and prosecute violations of any of the above to the fullest extent of the law. Babylist may involve and cooperate with law enforcement authorities in prosecuting Users who violate these Terms. You acknowledge that Babylist has no obligation to monitor Your access to or use of the Services or the Content, but has the right to do so for the purpose of operating the Services, to ensure Your compliance with these Terms, or to comply with applicable law or the order or requirement of a court, administrative agency or other governmental body.
Purchases of Babylist Products on Website
Customers who purchase Babylist Products through a Website must be over the age of 18 with a valid credit card accepted by Babylist or other permitted payment method accepted by Babylist.
Availability
: We cannot guarantee availability of Babylist Products, even if We show that a particular Babylist Product is available online or in stores. We may not have all Babylist Products available online or in stores and We may discontinue products at any time.
Pricing
: Prices for Babylist Products may change at any time and Babylist does not provide price protection or refunds in the event of a price reduction or promotional offering unless specifically stated in the terms and conditions of that promotional offering. Babylist reserves the right to cancel an order for a Babylist Product in the event of a typographical or other error in the price listed for the Babylist Product. The price of a Babylist Product generally does not include delivery charges. We will charge taxes on Babylist Products purchased when taxes are applicable. The list price displayed for any Babylist Product generally does not include delivery charges or sales or other taxes unless specifically noted.
Delivery
: Babylist shall deliver the Babylist Products that You purchase to the place of delivery designated by You. If You choose to accept any type of express courier services for shipping, then You shall pay any additional shipping fees.
Refunds and Exchanges
: Any refunds or exchange of Babylist Products are subject to the restrictions and requirements set forth in Babylist’s refunds and exchange policy that is either included with Your Babylist Product at the time of purchase or posted on the Website.
Transactions
: We reserve the right to refuse any order You place with Us. We may, in Our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same payment method, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in Our sole discretion, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers, or distributors.
Risk of Loss
: All items purchased from Babylist are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that title and the risk of loss for such items pass to You upon Our delivery to the carrier.
Warranty Information
: Warranty information for Babylist Products can be found in the warranty provided by the third-party manufacturer, if any, included with Your Babylist Product.
Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard and Related Standards and Regulations
: You acknowledge that Babylist has no control over its partners, merchants, and any third party sites which appear or are linked to from the personal registries on the Website. Babylist has no knowledge and makes no representation, warranty, or guarantee that such partners, merchants, or third parties are compliant with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard and related standards and regulations.
Additional Terms Regarding Use of the Babylist Health Website
Purchases of Babylist Durable Medical Equipment
By ordering a Babylist Durable Medical Equipment product on the Site, You, as the purchaser:
Authorize SourceMD LLC and the Babylist Preferred Durable Medical Equipment Network (herein referred to as "Provider") to provide the purchased equipment and understand that Provider is an independent company and not part of any other medical practice, hospital or any other company.
Certify that the information provided by You in applying for payment under title XVII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act or any other insurance benefits is true and correct.
Are personally responsible to SourceMD LLC, and the Babylist Preferred Durable Medical Equipment Network, for charges not paid in full by insurance coverage, deductible or co-pay responsibilities or, in the absence of insurance coverage, the full balance. The portions of any bill for which You are responsible are due upon invoice receipt from SourceMD.
Understand that You are authorizing SourceMD and the Babylist Preferred DME Network to provide breast pumps, supplies, and accessories to you.
Understand that You are giving SourceMD permission to ask your insurance for payments for my medical care, including supplies and equipment.
Certify that the information provided by You in applying for payment under title XVIII (Medicare) of the Social Security Act or any other insurance benefits is true and correct.
Understand that Provider may need information about Your medical condition to determine benefits related to Provider services, and thus You give permission for the release of medical or other information necessary to process the Provider payment request.
Ask that payment of authorized Health Care Benefits be made on Your behalf to SourceMD for any services or items furnished to You.
Understand that if Your insurance denies or challenges a claim for the prescribed supplies, You will be solely responsible for the claim.
Understand and agree that Medicaid, Medicare or any other health insurance company will only pay for equipment and services that it determines to be "reasonable and necessary" (Section 1862(a)(I) of the Medicare law for Medicare). If Your insurance determines that a particular service or piece of equipment is not "reasonable and necessary" under your insurance standards, Your insurance company may deny payment for it. In the event they do deny payment, You will be responsible for the reasonable and customary cost of the equipment or service.
Certify that You HAVE NOT RENTED SAME OR SIMILAR EQUIPMENT through Medicaid, Medicare or any other insurance, or if SAME OR SIMILAR equipment was rented, the equipment has been returned to the DME supplier. You also certify that Medicare is not paying service or maintenance charges for SAME OR SIMILAR equipment You use.
Certify that You HAVE NOT PURCHASED SAME OR SIMILAR equipment through Medicare, Medicaid or any other Insurance, or if You have purchased any equipment, documentation has been provided to SourceMD.
Will be solely responsible for this claim if Your insurance denies payment for any reason other than the above stated reason.
Will cover any and all additional charges involved in having the equipment returned.
Agree that SourceMD reserves the right to have this agreement transferred over to another Medicare Supply or Pharmacy provider to provide the service. You understand that any annual deductible or co-payments from your insurance are your responsibility unless covered by a secondary insurance policy.
Promotional Programs
From time to time, BabyList may provide certain services, programs, promotions, opportunities and contests to our Users (“Promotional Programs”), descriptions of which, if any in effect, can be found at
https://www.babylist.com/promotions
. We may at any time, and in Our sole discretion, change, modify, add to, supplement or delete the terms and conditions of any Promotional Program, including without limitation changing the name, fees and eligibility requirements to participate in such Promotional Program. We will endeavor to notify You of any material changes by email, but will not be liable for any failure to do so.
Our general terms and conditions for promotional offers and programs (including offers and programs where you must redeem a promotional code as part of the offer or program) that are not otherwise described or made available on the Website can be found at
https://www.babylist.com/promotions
.
Gift Cards
Similar to Promotional Programs, at times and under circumstances in Our sole discretion, Baby List Gift Card
      Company, LLC may issue gift cards and/or e-gift cards ("Gift Cards") on behalf of Baby List, Inc. to certain Users
      that can be used solely to pay for Services and/or fees or expenses associated with the Services.
Not withstanding anything contained in these Terms and Conditions, Gift Cards are not replaceable if lost or
      stolen. The Gift Cards have no expiration date, but in certain states, after a period of time, maybe escheatable
      to a state based upon its unclaimed property or abandoned property laws. Once escheated to a state, Gift Cards may
      no longer be redeemed. Gift Cards are not redeemable for cash except as required by applicable law.
Gift Cards may be used as personal or business gifts, but may not be used in connection with any marketing,
      advertising or other promotional activities including but not limited to websites, internet advertising, email,
      telemarketing, direct mail, newspaper and magazine advertisements or radio and television broadcasts.
Gift Cards can be combined with other Gift Cards, gift certificates or other coupons for any given
      individual transaction on the Baby List, Inc. Website. A Gift Card cannot be used as a credit or debit card. We
      reserve the right to limit quantities and usage amounts of Gift Cards purchased by any person or entity and to
      cancel a Gift Card if We believe that the Gift Card was obtained through fraudulent or unauthorized means. No
      credit card, credit line, overdraft protection, or deposit account is associated with Your Gift Card. You cannot
      "reload" (i.e., you cannot add value/balance to your Gift Card at this time). If a Gift Card holder's purchase
      exceeds the amount of that Gift Card's balance, the Gift Card holder must pay the difference by another form of
      payment. We reserve the right to correct the balance of a Gift Card if We believe that a billing error has
      occurred, and we disclaim all liability for any such billing errors. Gift Cards and their use are subject to these
      Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy, and use of a Gift Card constitutes acceptance hereof. Gift Card balances are
      not transferable.
Currency
We are based in the United States and operate with US dollars as Our primary currency. We issue payments in US dollars. If You are purchasing Babylist Products with a non-US credit card, You may be subject to currency exchange fees levied by Your credit card company. Any concerns about exchange fees and rates should be directed to Your credit card company or bank.
Taxation Consequences
You acknowledge that We make no claims or promises regarding any and all tax obligations or consequences that may result from Your activities on the Website or use of the Services. You shall have full responsibility for applicable taxes for all gift funds paid to or received by You. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Us harmless from any liability for, or assessment of, any claims or penalties with respect to such taxes, including any liability for, or assessment of, withholding taxes imposed on Us by the relevant taxing authorities with respect to any funds paid to You.
Handling Fee
We do not have a fee to sign-up and create an account.
Payments
We use Shopify, PayPal, Apple Pay, and/or Google Pay to process payments for Our Services (collectively, "Payment Processors.") Sending or receiving payments for transactions made with or through the Website or Our Services is subject to the applicable Payment Processor’s Terms of Service (e.g., "
Shopify Terms of Service
", "
PayPal User Agreement
”, “
Apple Pay Terms of Use
”, and “
Google Pay Terms of Use
”). By agreeing to these terms, continuing to use the Services or purchasing Babylist Products, You agree to the additional terms set forth in the selected Payment Processor’s Terms of Service, as the same may be modified from time to time. As a condition of Babylist enabling payment processing services through the Payment Processors, You agree to provide Us accurate and complete information about You and Your business, and You authorize Us to share such information and transaction information related to Your use of the services provided by the Payment Processors.
Additional Terms Regarding Use of the Expectful Website
The following specific Terms apply to Your use of the Expectful Website:
1. Health Information
Babylist provides information and offers various related services on the Expectful Website. The Content on this Website is for reference and educational purposes, is not assured to be true, correct, or accurate, and is not intended to be complete or exhaustive or to provide any medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. You should not consider or rely on any such information or services for any professional advice, diagnosis, or treatment, including any mental health concerns. No action should be taken, delayed, or deferred based on this Website or statements. We make no claims, representations, assurance or guarantees concerning this Website or the Services. Always consult with a qualified and licensed physician or other healthcare professional and follow their advice without delay regardless of any information on Our Website.
You acknowledge and agree that you have either obtained the approval of your healthcare provider or knowingly understand and accept all risks before using Our Website or accessing Our Content. You bear sole and exclusive responsibility for your use of Our Website, and you acknowledge and agree neither we nor any of Our employees, contractors or agents shall have any liability to you for any injuries arising from Your use of Our Website. Insofar as You use Our Website or access Our Content for individual or group mediation sessions, You represent and warrant that You are in sufficient physical and mental health to engage in such sessions and that You lack any disability or condition that may impair Your health or otherwise put you at risk of hurting Yourself. If during your participation in such sessions You feel uncomfortable or in pain, or otherwise think You have a medical emergency, You should immediately cease Your participation and call Your doctor or 911 immediately.
Meditation postures, in all its forms and with or without the use of equipment such as blocks, cushions, pillows or any other equipment that may be suggested by a Babylist instructor, is a strenuous physical activity. All suggestions and comments, including the use of equipment, poses, moves and instruction, are not required to be performed by You and are carried out at Your election.
By using the Expectful Website, you represent that you understand that meditation involves holding certain postures, and that such activity carries the risk of injury whether physical or mental. You understand that it is Your responsibility to judge Your physical and mental capabilities for such activities. It is Your responsibility to ensure that by participating in classes and activities from Babylist, You will not exceed Your limits while performing such activity. You understand that, from time-to-time instructors may suggest physical adjustments or the use of equipment and it is Your sole responsibility to determine if any such suggested adjustment or equipment is appropriate for Your level of ability and physical and mental condition. You understand that Your physical and mental conditions may worsen after using Our Website.
You knowingly, irrevocably, and expressly waive and release any claim You may have at any time for damages, harm, loss, or injury of any kind against Babylist, or any person or entity affiliated with Babylist, including without limitation its directors, principals, instructors, independent contractors, employees, agents, contractors, affiliates and representatives, arising from, relating to, concerning or by reason of your using the Website.
2. Interactions with Other Users
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Users. Babylist reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor or mediate disputes between You and other Users.
3. Free Trial, Pricing & Billing
Babylist may provide a free trial of its Services to new users. We require that You provide a valid credit or debit card ("Payment Source") at the time You register for a free trial to ensure that You have continued access to your membership after the expiration of the free trial period ("Free Trial"). Babylist will not bill Your account until the Free Trial has expired and provided that You have not cancelled Your account during the Free Trial period. You may only use a Free Trial once. Babylist reserves the right to terminate any account that is using or trying to use more than one Free Trial.
Following the Free Trial, to ensure uninterrupted service, all subscriptions are renewed automatically using the credit card on file. Billing continues on a monthly or yearly basis based on the selected option during signup until the subscription is canceled. All sales are considered final and refunds will not be issued.
Special prepaid memberships will be recurring and will renew automatically on the expiry date.
If you purchase a membership subscription without a Free Trial, You will be charged the subscription rate applicable at the time of enrollment. If Babylist later increases the price of the subscription, Babylist will notify you. The increase will apply to the next payment charged to You after the notice.
You may cancel your subscription at any time under the My Account tab in the web or through iTunes or Google Play settings and subscriptions, if applicable.
If Your membership is terminated due to a violation of these Terms, Babylist will not reimburse You for the remainder of any pre-paid month or year, nor will reimbursements be made for membership cancellations prior to any monthly or yearly renewal date.
4. Security Components
You understand that the Website and software embodied within the Website may include security components that permit digital materials to be protected, and that use of these materials is subject to usage rules set by Babylist and/or content providers who provide content to Babylist. You may not attempt to override, disable, circumvent or otherwise interfere with any such security components and usage rules embedded into the Website.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
If You are a copyright owner or a direct agent thereof and believe that any User submission or other Content infringes upon Your copyrights, You may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) by providing Our Designated Agent at the following address with the following information in writing (see 17 U.S.C 512(c)(3) for further detail):
Address:
Baby List, Inc.
Copyright Agent
1900 Powell St, Suite 150
Emeryville, CA 94608
Email:
[email protected]
a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
identification of the material claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and enough pertinent information about the location of the material to enable Us to locate it within the site;
information reasonably sufficient to permit Us to contact You, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail;
a statement that You have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that You are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
It is Our policy to terminate the account of any User who is the subject of repeated takedown notices.
User Content
Babylist may offer community features, such as forums, as part of the Services. You must be over the age of 18 to participate in any community features. In addition, Babylist may allow You to submit information to Babylist through forms and other manners in connection with obtaining customer support from Babylist’s help center. You may Post or Provide reviews, comments, photos, images, logos, descriptions and other content and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, opinions and feedback (collectively, the “
User Content
”). You may not Post or Provide User Content that (i) is illegal, libelous, offensive, harmful, obscene, pornographic, threatening, defamatory or invasive of privacy, including User Content that advocates, endorses, condones or promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any individual or group of individuals; (ii) exploits people in an abusive, violent or sexual manner or that promotes illegal activities or provides instructions on how to conduct illegal activities; (iii) contains software or any other material, including without limitation photos, videos or files, that violates the intellectual property rights (or rights of privacy or publicity) of any third party; or (iv) consists of or contains software viruses, political campaigning, objectionable materials, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings or any form of “spam”; (v) provides any telephone numbers, street addresses, last names or email addresses of anyone other than You; (vi) furthers or promotes any criminal activity or enterprise or provides instructional information about illegal activities including, but not limited to making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone's privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses; (vii) solicits passwords or personal identifying information from other Users; (viii) involves commercial activities and/or sales without Our prior written consent, such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, and/or pyramid schemes; (ix) includes a photograph of another person that You have posted without that person's consent or otherwise constitutes an invasion of an individual's privacy or infringement of publicity rights; or (x) denigrates, ridicules, or demeans another person.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, You understand that by using or visiting our Website or the Services, You may be exposed to Content that You may deem offensive, in appropriate, indecent or objectionable.
You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity or otherwise Post or Provide any misleading information or User Content that You know is false or inaccurate. Babylist reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such User Content, at its sole discretion.
If You do Post or Provide User Content, You grant Babylist a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, nonexclusive, transferable, and fully sublicensable license to use, copy, modify, adapt, translate, publish, prepare derivative works of, distribute, store, perform, and display such User Content throughout the world in any media, including, without limitation, for troubleshooting, marketing, product development and any other commercial or non-commercial purpose in Babylist’s sole discretion, without payment or compensation to You of any kind. You grant Babylist and Our sublicensees the right to use the name that You submit in connection with such User Content, if We or they choose to use it. You represent and warrant that (i) You own or otherwise control all of the rights to the User Content that You Post or Provide; (ii) that the User Content is accurate; (iii) that use of the User Content You supply does not violate the Terms or applicable laws, rules or regulations and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and (iv) that You will indemnify Babylist for all claims resulting from User Content You supply. Babylist has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or User Content. Babylist takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content Posted or Provided by Your or any third party.
Babylist does not pre-screen, review, edit or approve any User Content. The Babylist community may flag inappropriate User Content and Babylist may, in its sole discretion, remove or disable access to any User Content. Nonetheless, You acknowledge that Babylist is not responsible for behavior or comments of other Users on the Website.
By Posting or Providing User Content, providing registration information or otherwise sharing any information on the Website, You represent and warrant that (i) You are the owner or otherwise have the right to publicly distribute the User Content and/or other information, (ii) You have the necessary consent or authorization to Post or Provide such User Content and/or other information and (iii) such User Content and/or other information is accurate to Your knowledge. Any User Content Posted or Provided will be considered public, and Babylist will not be responsible for the actions of Users with regards to any public information.
Intellectual Property
The Services are protected under patent, copyright, trademark, and/or other laws. Subject to Your compliance with the Terms, Babylist and/or its licensors provide You with a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to access and make personal and non-commercial use of the Services. The Services and all Content, including, without limitation, any User Content, remain the property of Babylist or its licensors and We do not transfer title to any portion of the Services to You. The compilation, collection, arrangement, or assembly of all Content is the exclusive property of Babylist and protected as well. Any code or software code that Babylist creates, generates or displays in the Services is also protected and You may not copy or adapt such code.
Unauthorized use of the Services may violate applicable laws and is strictly prohibited. You may not copy the Services or any part thereof without Babylist’s prior written authorization. Any code or software code that Babylist creates to generate or display the Services are also protected by Babylist's copyrights, and You may not copy or adapt such code.
Mobile Apps
To use a Babylist mobile application (the “
Mobile Apps
”) You must have a mobile device that is compatible with the Mobile Apps. Babylist does not warrant that the Mobile Apps will be compatible with Your mobile device. Babylist hereby grants You a non-­‐exclusive, non-­‐transferable, revocable license to use a compiled code copy of the Mobile Apps for one Babylist account on one mobile device owned or leased solely by You, for Your personal use. You acknowledge that Babylist may from time to time issue upgraded versions of the Mobile Apps, and may automatically electronically upgrade the version of the Mobile Apps that You are using on your mobile device. You consent to such automatic upgrading on Your mobile device, and agree that these Terms will apply to all such upgrades.
If You use Our Mobile Apps or interact with a website that has deployed a plugin, You agree that information about You and Your use of the Services, including, but not limited to, Your device, Your mobile carrier, Your internet access provider, Your physical location, and/or web pages containing Babylist plugins that load in Your browser may be communicated to Us.
Further, by importing any of Your data through the Mobile Apps, You represent that You have authority to share the transferred data with Your mobile carrier or other access provider. In the event You change or deactivate Your mobile account, You must promptly update Your Babylist account information to ensure that Your messages are not sent to the person that acquires Your old number and failure to do so is Your responsibility. You acknowledge You are responsible for all charges and necessary permissions related to accessing Babylist through Your mobile access provider. Therefore, You should check with Your provider to find out if the Services are available and the terms for these services for Your specific mobile devices. Finally, by using any downloadable application to enable Your use of the Services, You are explicitly confirming Your acceptance of the terms of the End User License Agreement associated with the Mobile App provided at download or installation, or as may be updated from time to time.
Hello Baby Box Promotion
The requirements for eligibility for the Hello Baby Box promotion and other important information can be found at
https://help.babylist.com/hc/en-us/sections/115004098188-Hello-Baby-Box
. This promotion is only available while supplies last, and the content of the Hello Baby Box may vary. This promotion cannot be used in conjunction with any other sign-up promotion. You must be eligible under these Terms to create an account in order to qualify to participate in this promotion. Babylist makes no representations or warranties with respect to the Hello Baby Box and its contents and hereby disclaims all warranties, express and implied, including without limitation any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, and Babylist will have no liability for any damages, whether direct, indirect, incidental, exemplary, punitive, or consequential arising from the Hello Baby Box and its contents. Babylist reserves the right to modify or cancel the offer at any time and to refuse to provide the Hello Baby Box to any users who Babylist deems not to be legitimate intended users of the Babylist registry and other services. The offer is non-transferable, may not be resold and is not valid where prohibited by law.
Limited Warranty
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT POSSIBLE BY LAW, Babylist MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES THAT THE SERVICES OR THE Babylist PRODUCTS WILL OPERATE ERROR-FREE, BE AVAILABLE, OR THAT THE SERVICES AND Babylist’S SERVERS ARE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL MECHANISMS. IF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACING EQUIPMENT OR DATA OR ANY OTHER COSTS, Babylist IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE COSTS. EXCEPT FOR ANY LIMITED WARRANTIES PROVIDED BY THIRD-PARTY MANUFACTURERS THAT ARE INCLUDED WITH YOUR Babylist PRODUCTS AT THE TIME OF PURCHASE, THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND AND Babylist, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. Babylist MAKES NO WARRANTIES ABOUT THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, OR TIMELINESS OF THE CONTENT IN THE SERVICES. Babylist MAKES NO WARRANTY WITH REGARD TO ANY OF THE BABYLIST PRODUCTS.
Limitation of Liability
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE ENTIRE RISK OF USING THE SERVICES REMAINS WITH YOU AND IN NO EVENT SHALL Babylist BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA, LOST PROFITS, LOST EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR FOR ANY DAMAGES TO PROPERTY OF ANY KIND OR FOR PERSONAL OR BODILY INJURY OR EMOTIONAL DISTRESS) RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR THE Babylist PRODUCTS, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT Babylist IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, EVEN IF A LIMITED REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
IN NO EVENT WILL Babylist’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR Babylist PRODUCTS EXCEED THE AMOUNTS YOU HAVE PAID TO Babylist FOR USE OF THE SERVICES AND THE AMOUNTS YOU PAID FOR THE Babylist PRODUCTS. THE LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN Babylist AND YOU. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
No communication of any kind between You and Babylist or a representative of Babylist shall constitute a waiver of any limitations of liability hereunder or create any additional warranty not expressly stated in the Terms.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Babylist, its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, successors, subsidiaries, contractors, technology providers, advertisers, employees and agents, from and against any claims, actions, losses, costs, liability or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees, alleging or resulting from (i) Your use of the Services, (ii) Your breach of these Terms, including Your representations and warranties herein or (iii) Your violation of any applicable laws.
Babylist reserves the right, at Your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which You are required to indemnify Us and You agree to cooperate with Our defense of these claims. You agree not to settle any matter without the prior written consent of Babylist. Babylist will use reasonable efforts to notify You of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.
Term and Termination
These Terms will remain in full force and effect while You are a User of the Services. Babylist reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to pursue all of its legal remedies, including but not limited to suspending, disabling or terminating Your account and/or Your access to and ability to use the Services and/or any other services provided to You by Babylist, at any time for any or no reason and without any notice. Even after You are no longer a User of the Services, the provisions of these Terms will remain in effect.
You may terminate this Agreement at any time by ceasing all use of the Services. All sections which by their nature should survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
Dispute Resolution
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PARAGRAPHS CAREFULLY BECAUSE THEY PROVIDE THAT YOU AND BABYLIST AGREE TO RESOLVE DISPUTES BETWEEN US THROUGH BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND INCLUDE A CLASS ACTION WAIVER AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER.
Applicability of Arbitration Agreement.
In this section (the "Arbitration Agreement"), you and Babylist agree that all claims and disputes (whether contract, tort, or otherwise), including all statutory claims and disputes, arising out of or relating to these Terms or the use of Services or the Website or any communications between you and Babylist will be resolved by binding arbitration on an individual basis, except that you and Babylist are not required to arbitrate any: (i) disputes or claims within the jurisdiction of a small claims court consistent with the jurisdictional and dollar limits that may apply, as long as it is an individual dispute and not a class action, or (ii) disputes or claims where the only relief sought is injunctive relief.  For purposes of this Arbitration Agreement: the phrase "all claims and disputes" also includes claims and disputes that arose or involve facts between us before the effective date of these Terms as well as claims that may arise after the termination of these Terms. In addition, all disputes concerning the arbitrability of a claim (including disputes about the scope, applicability, enforceability, revocability, or validity of the Arbitration Agreement) shall be decided by the arbitrator, except as expressly provided below.
Informal Dispute Resolution.
First, we would like to address any disputes without the need for arbitration. If you have a dispute with Babylist that is subject to arbitration, then prior to initiating arbitration, you agree to mail an individualized request ("Pre-Arbitration Demand") to Babylist, ATTN: Legal, Baby Llist, Inc., 1900 Powell St, Suite 150, Emeryville, CA 94608, so that we can work together to resolve the dispute.  A Pre-Arbitration Demand is valid only if it pertains to, and is on behalf of, a single individual. A Pre-Arbitration Demand brought on behalf of multiple individuals is invalid as to all. The Pre-Arbitration Demand must include: (i) your name, telephone number, email address and mailing address, (ii) the name, telephone number, mailing address and email address of your counsel, if any, (iii) a description of your dispute, and (iv) your signature. Likewise, if Babylist has a dispute with you, Babylist will send an email or mail with its individualized Pre-Arbitration Demand, including the requirements listed above, to the email address or mailing address associated with your account. If the dispute is not resolved within sixty (60) calendar days of the date that you or Babylist send your Pre-Arbitration Demand, arbitration may then be filed. You agree that compliance with this subsection is a condition precedent to commencing arbitration, and that the arbitrator shall dismiss any arbitration filed without fully and completely complying with these informal dispute resolution procedures. You and Babylist agree that any dispute subject to arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement not resolved informally must be filed in arbitration within one (1) year after the cause of action arose; otherwise, such cause of action is permanently barred.
Arbitration Procedure.
The Federal Arbitration Act ("FAA"), including its procedural provisions, governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement, and not state law.  If after completing the informal dispute resolution process discussed above, either you or Babylist wishes to initiate arbitration, the arbitration will be conducted by Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. ("JAMS") in accordance with the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules & Procedures, available at https://www.jamsadr.com/rules-comprehensive-arbitration/, or, by mutual agreement of the parties after the arbitration is initiated, the JAMS Streamlined  Arbitration Rules & Procedures available at https://www.jamsadr.com/rules-streamlined-arbitration/, (collectively, "JAMS Rules"), as modified by this Arbitration Agreement, in effect at the time of arbitration, except as supplemented, where applicable, by the JAMS Mass Arbitration Procedures and Guidelines (the "JAMS Mass Arbitration Procedures"), available at https://www.jamsadr.com/mass-arbitration-procedures, as modified by this Arbitration Agreement. All sets of rules mentioned in the prior sentence are also available by calling JAMS at 1-800-352-5267. The rules of the arbitral forum will govern all aspects of this arbitration, except to the extent those rules conflict with these Terms.
The arbitration will be conducted in San Francisco, California, unless the parties agree to another location, by a single neutral arbitrator with substantial experience in resolving intellectual property and commercial contract disputes, who shall be selected from an appropriate list of JAMS arbitrators in accordance with the JAMS Rules or JAMS Mass Arbitration Procedures. Any claims or disputes where the total amount sought is less than $10,000 USD may be resolved through binding non-appearance-based arbitration conducted by telephone, online, written submissions, or any combination of the three, at the option of the party seeking relief. For claims or disputes where the total amount sought is $10,000 USD or more, the right to a hearing will be determined by the arbitral forum’s rules.
The arbitrator will have the authority to award monetary damages and to grant any non-monetary remedy or relief available to an individual under law, the arbitral forum’s rules, and the Terms. The arbitrator will issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded. The arbitrator has the same authority to award relief on an individual basis that a judge in a court of law would have. This includes but is not limited to the ability of the arbitrator to award fees and costs if the arbitrator determines that a claim or defense is frivolous or was brought for an improper purpose, for the purpose of harassment, or in bad faith. The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and Babylist. Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Your responsibility to pay any filing, administrative, and arbitrator costs will be as set forth in the applicable arbitration provider’s rules. If you have a gross monthly income of less than 300% of the federal poverty guidelines, you may be entitled to a waiver of certain arbitration costs. Further, if the amount of the initial filing fee is more than you would have to pay to file a Complaint in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California (or, for cases where that court would lack original jurisdiction, the California Superior Court, County of San Francisco), Babylist will pay the difference between the initial filing fee and the amount you would have to pay to file a Complaint in Court. Otherwise, the JAMS Rules and/or JAMS Mass Arbitration Procedures shall govern the payment of arbitration fees, unless otherwise provided in this Arbitration Agreement.
Mass Arbitrations.
If 75 or more individuals submit similar arbitration claims and are represented by either the same law firm or law firms acting in coordination, you and Babylist agree that the JAMS Mass Arbitration Procedures will apply. The JAMS Mass Arbitration Procedures are designed to facilitate the fair, expeditious, and efficient resolution of mass arbitrations.
For any mass arbitration, JAMS will appoint a "process administrator" who will determine all preliminary and administrative matters as may be necessary to ensure the orderly and efficient resolution of the claims.  This will include determining, among other things, whether each party has met the applicable filing requirements and conditions precedent to submit their claims to arbitration, and which demands for arbitration should be included as part of the mass arbitration proceeding.
All demands for arbitration included as part of the mass arbitration proceeding must be resolved in stages. You agree to this process even though it may delay the arbitration of your claim. In the first stage, claimants’ counsel and Babylist will each select 5 cases (10 cases total), unless the parties agree to another number, to be resolved individually by different arbitrators. In the meantime, no other cases may proceed in arbitration, and JAMS must not charge a case management fee or an arbitration appointment fee for those cases.
After this first stage of cases is completed, the parties must engage in a single mediation, before a retired federal or state-court judge (unless the Parties agree otherwise), of all remaining cases, and Babylist will pay the mediation fee. If the parties cannot resolve the remaining cases after mediation, you and Babylist agree that the process administrator will batch, consolidate, or otherwise group any remaining arbitration demands to the greatest extent possible.
Class or Consolidated Action Waiver.
YOU AND BABYLIST AGREE THAT, EXCEPT AS SPECIFIED ABOVE IN THE MASS ARBITRATION SECTION, ALL CLAIMS AND DISPUTES WITHIN THE SCOPE OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT MUST BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS BASIS. CLAIMS OF MORE THAN ONE USER OR CUSTOMER CANNOT BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED JOINTLY OR CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY OTHER USER OR CUSTOMER, EXCEPT AS SPECIFIED IN THE MASS ARBITRATION SECTION. This subsection does not prevent you or Babylist from participating in a class-wide settlement of claims. Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms, the Arbitration Agreement, JAMS Rules, or JAMS Mass Arbitration Procedures, disputes regarding the interpretation, applicability, or enforceability of this waiver may be resolved only by a court and not by an arbitrator. IF THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER IS LIMITED, VOIDED, OR FOUND UNENFORCEABLE, THEN, UNLESS THE PARTIES MUTUALLY AGREE OTHERWISE, THE PARTIES’ AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE SHALL BE NULL AND VOID WITH RESPECT TO SUCH PROCEEDING SO LONG AS THE PROCEEDING IS PERMITTED TO PROCEED AS A CLASS ACTION. IN SUCH CIRCUMSTANCES, ANY PUTATIVE CLASS, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL, OR CONSOLIDATED OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION THAT IS PERMITTED TO PROCEED MUST BE BROUGHT IN A COURT OF PROPER JURISDICTION AND NOT IN ARBITRATION.
Jury Trial Waiver.
YOU AND BABYLIST WAIVE ANY CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO GO TO COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY. You and Babylist are instead electing to have claims and disputes resolved by arbitration. Arbitration procedures are typically more limited, more efficient, and less costly than rules applicable in court and are subject to very limited review by a court. In any litigation between you and Babylist over whether to vacate or enforce an arbitration award, YOU AND BABYLIST WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL, and elect instead to have the dispute be resolved by a judge.
Confidentiality.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, all materials and documents exchanged during the arbitration will be kept confidential.
Right to Opt Out of Arbitration.
You may opt out of the foregoing Arbitration Agreement of these Terms by
notifying Babylist in writing within 30 days of the date You first registered for the Services or 30 days from the date these Terms were last updated
. To opt out, You must send a written notification to Babylist at Baby List, Inc., 1900 Powell St, Suite 150, Emeryville, CA 94608, Attention: Legal, that includes (i) Your name, account username, address, telephone number and email address, and (ii) a clear statement indicating that You do not wish to resolve claims through arbitration and demonstrating compliance with the 30-day time limit to opt out of the above arbitration provision.
Miscellaneous
Privacy
: See Our
Privacy Policy
for information and notices concerning Babylist’s collection and use of Your personal information.
Removal of Your Information
: If You believe Your name and/or other personally identifiable information have been used on Our Website without Your permission and You would like to have such information removed, please send Us a request by email at
[email protected]
.
Commercial Use
: Any and all commercial use of the Services by You is expressly prohibited without the written consent of Babylist. This includes but is not limited to collecting names, information, contacting Users, lead generation, and all other commercial activities. Unauthorized framing of or linking to any of the Babylist Websites is prohibited. Commercial advertisements, affiliate links, and other forms of solicitation may be removed without notice and may result in termination of access to the Services and possibly legal action.
Third-Party Links
: The Services may contain links to third-party websites. These links are provided solely as a convenience and not as an endorsement by Babylist of the contents on such third-party websites. Babylist is not responsible for the content of linked third-party websites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such third-party websites. If You decide to access linked third-party websites, You do so at Your own risk.
Unencrypted Email Communications
:  You acknowledge and agree that our Services, including Services from Babylist Health, may send you unencrypted email communications.  You understand the risks of unencrypted email communications, which may not be secure and could be intercepted, and by using the Services you expressly consent to receiving communications in this format.
Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard and Related Standards and Regulations
: You acknowledge that Babylist has no control over its partners, merchants, and any third party sites which appear or are linked to from the personal registries on the Website. Babylist has no knowledge and makes no representation, warranty, or guarantee that such partners, merchants, or third parties are compliant with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard and related standards and regulations.
Access Outside the United States
: Babylist makes no claims that the Services may be lawfully viewed, downloaded, or accessed outside of the United States. Access to the Services may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If You access the Services You do so at Your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of Your jurisdiction. When You access the Services You acknowledge and agree that information You provide may be transferred to a jurisdiction other than Your country of residence and that the laws, including what is determined to be “personal data and/or information,” are different and may be less protective than those applicable to You in Your country of residence. By accepting these Terms You acknowledge, agree and consent to (1) the transfer to and processing of personal information on servers located outside of the country where You reside, (2) BabyList’s collection and use of Your personal information as described in Our Privacy Policy found
here
and in accordance with the laws of the United States that may be different and may be less protective than those in Your country and (3) that You are taking a risk by using the Website and Services.
Governing Law
: These Terms are governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of California, except the FAA governs provisions relating to arbitration. Except as otherwise provided in the Arbitration Agreement, jurisdiction for any claims arising under this agreement shall lie exclusively with the state or federal courts within San Francisco, California. If any provision of these Terms are found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of these Terms shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term. In addition, Babylist's failure to enforce any term of these Terms shall not be deemed as a waiver of such term or otherwise affect Babylist's ability to enforce such term at any point in the future.
Additional Terms
: If You purchase and/or use any mobile applications provided by Babylist or any Babylist Product, additional terms apply, in addition to these Terms.
Waiver
: No waiver of any term of these Terms shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term. In addition, Babylist’s failure to enforce any term of these Terms shall not be deemed as a waiver of such term or otherwise affect Babylist’s ability to enforce such term at any point in the future.
Assignment
: You may not assign or transfer these Terms, by operation of law or otherwise, without Babylist’s prior written consent. Any attempt by You to assign or transfer these Terms without such consent will be null and of no effect. Babylist may assign or transfer these Terms, in its sole discretion, without restriction. Subject to the foregoing, these Terms will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
Headings
: Headings provided in these Terms are included for reference purposes only and are not to be given any substantive effect.
Contact Information: If there are any questions regarding Babylist or this Policy, please contact Babylist at:
Baby List, Inc.
Copyright Agent
1900 Powell St, Suite 150
Emeryville, CA 94608
Email:
[email protected]
© Baby List, Inc. 2026.
Baby Registry
Create a Babylist
Find a Babylist
Why Babylist
Baby Registry Checklist
Hospital Bag Checklist
How to Create a Baby Registry
How to Share a Baby Registry
15% Registry Discount
Welcome Baby Box
About Babylist
About Us
Babylist Registry
Babylist Health
Babylist Shop
Babylist Showroom
Babylist Experiences
Expectful
Hello Baby
Jobs
Our Story
See More
Shop
All Shop Categories
New Arrivals
Coming Soon
Newborn Must-Haves
Top Registered
Brands A-Z
FSA & HSA Eligible
Bandana Bibs
Bassinet Bedding
Bassinets & Bedside Sleepers
See More
Product Guides
All Product Guides
Car Seat Guides
Best Baby Activity Centers
Best Baby Bottles
Best Baby Carriers
Best Baby Food
Best Baby Formulas
Best Baby Lotions
Best Baby Monitors
Best Baby Wraps
See More
Support
Help Center
Contact Us
Shipping
Returns
Babylist Health Advisory Board
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Consumer Health Data Privacy Disclosure
Product Registration
CCPA Notice
See More
Connect with us
Download our app
Download on the Apple App Store
Get it on Google Play
© 2011 -
2026
Babylist, Inc