Bajaj Finserv Terms of Use

These terms and conditions
(“Terms of Use”)
shall apply to and regulate the provision of products/ services namely
“Bajaj Finserv Services”
(defined hereunder) provided/ made available by
Bajaj Finance Limited
(hereinafter referred to as the
“BFL”
) to You (defined hereunder) as
Bajaj Finserv Account
(defined hereunder) holder, through the
Bajaj Finserv Platform
(defined hereunder). Any changes to these terms and conditions will be available on
https://www.bajajfinserv.in/terms-of-use
and the same shall be binding on You.
Your acceptance to the Terms of Use of Bajaj Finserv Services is generated and preserved as electronic record under the Information Technology Act, 2000, (together with its amendments, and rules made thereunder, and other prevailing law(s)/ regulations as may be applicable at the relevant point of time) and will be binding on you as a licensed user. By downloading, accessing, browsing, completing the sign-up process or registration process for availing the Bajaj Finserv Services, you have expressly read, understood and accepted the entire Terms of Use while accessing the Bajaj Finserv Platform. Upon commencement of access/ usage and by submitting your
one-time electronic acceptance/ confirmation/ authentication
either through registered mobile phone or through any electronic/ web platform and/ or through your email id to BFL, it is construed as your deemed acceptance. If any of these Terms of Use conflict with any other document/ electronic record in this behalf, these terms and conditions shall prevail, until further changes/ modifications are notified by BFL.
By completing the sign-up process or registration process for availing the Bajaj Finserv Services you hereby agree and acknowledge that (i) you are at least 18 years of age, (ii) you are duly authorised either in your individual capacity or under the capacity of being an Authorised Signatory of an Entity (defined hereunder) (iii) you can understand, read and access the world wide web/ internet in English language, (iv) you have read, understood and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use.
In this Terms of Use, the term or word “We”, “Us” or “Our” severally refers to the “Bajaj Finance Limited” or “BFL” and the words “You” or “Your” or “Customer” or “User” refers to the individual and or the Authorised Signatory of an Entity accessing the Bajaj Finserv Platform.
1. DEFINITIONS
Unless indicated otherwise, the capitalized terms listed below shall have the following meanings:
(a)
“Affiliate”
shall mean the subsidiary company and/ or holding company and/ or associate company of BFL, where subsidiary company, holding company and associate company shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Companies Act, 2013, as amended from time to time.
(b)
"Applicable Law(s)"
shall mean all applicable/ prevailing Central, State and Local laws, Statute, Regulations, Orders, Guidelines and/ or Directives as may be amended and in effect or re-enacted from time to time, order or other legislative action of any government authority to the extent having the force of law, including but not limited to Master Direction on Prepaid Payment Instruments in India, Guidelines of National Payments Corporation of India (
“NPCI”
), Payment and Settlement Systems Act, 2007, Payment and Settlement Systems Regulations, 2008, Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002 and any other regulations/ guidelines in relation to prepaid payment instruments issued from time to time by Reserve Bank of India.
(c) “Bajaj Coins” denotes the reward provided by BFL which could be redeemed only on Bajaj Finserv App, Bajaj Pay Wallet or any other BFL authorised channel. One Bajaj coin carries equivalent value of 20 Paisa, which is not convertible or withdrawable as cash. Bajaj Coins is/are NOT to be construed as any legal tender or currency (digital/physical) under Indian law.
(d) “
Bajaj Finserv Account
” shall mean account made available to the Customer post successful registration on Bajaj Finserv Platform to avail Bajaj Finserv Services.
(e)
“Bajaj Finance Ltd”
or
“BFL”
shall mean a non-banking financial company incorporated under the provisions of Companies Act 2013 with its registered office at Mumbai-Pune Road, Akurdi, Pune 411035 and is duly authorized by RBI for issuance and operations of prepaid payments instruments in India and which is offering products/ services through Bajaj Finserv Platform.
(f)
“Bajaj Pay Wallet”
shall mean prepaid payment instruments issued as either Small PPI or Minimum-detail Wallet (defined hereunder) wherein loading/ reloading shall be done from a bank account, valid credit card or Full KYC Wallets by BFL, as the case may be, in accordance with the Master Direction on Prepaid Payment Instruments, to you from time to time more fully provided in
Annexure-I
.
(g)
“Bajaj Finserv Services”
shall mean and include various products/ services provided by Bajaj Finance Limited through Bajaj Finserv Platform including but not limited to the Payment Services like Bajaj Pay Wallet, Bajaj Pay UPI, Bill Payment Services, IMPS etc. and other services/ facilities provided by BFL, as further elaborated in Clause 4 and Annexure I below.
(h) “
Bajaj Finserv App
” shall mean and include various mobile based applications of Bajaj Finance Limited for facilitating Bajaj Finserv Services to customers.
(i)
“Bajaj Finserv Platform”
shall mean and include various mobile based and web-portal/ website/ applications of Bajaj Finance Limited including Bajaj Finserv App for facilitating Bajaj Finserv Services to customers.
(j) “
Bajaj Finance Products and Services
” shall mean the various products and services (including ancillary services) offered by BFL, including but not limited to personal loans, business loans, loans for purchase of products/ services, deposits and such other product/ service as may be introduced by BFL from time to time.
(k)
Bajaj Mall Listing Services:
This includes displaying and advertising your Specified Products on the Bajaj Mall Platform for intending Customers of BFL, and any other services which BFL offer for such additional consideration in relation to the Bajaj Mall Platform, as mutually agreed between the Parties from time to time. The essence of it being that a customer need to make visit to your store to complete the loan documentation and purchase the selected Specified Product from your physical store.
(l)
Bajaj Mall Platform:
This shall mean and include mobile/website-based electronic platform by the name of [/bmall or any other domain of BFL] to list and display your Specified Products which can be purchased by the Customer from company physical store after completing the loan documentation.
(m)
"Charge(s)"
or "
Service Charge
" shall mean the charges which BFL may levy upon you in consideration for availing the Bajaj Finserv Services as more specifically elaborated under Clause 15 below.
(n) “
Effective Date
” shall be the date on which Reward Program Scheme comes into force. Each Reward Program may have a different Effective date which shall be stipulated in the said reward program specific terms and conditions.
(o) “
Entity
” shall mean and include but shall not be limited to any Company duly incorporated under relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 1956/2013, a Partnership Firm, a Limited Liability Partnership, Association of Persons, Body of Individuals, Society registered under Societies Registration Act, 1860 or any other law of any State, Cooperative Society, Hindu Undivided Family.
(p)
“Specified Products”
shall mean and include the name, model, specifications, image, contents, price, and other related details of the various products/services listed and advertised on the Bajaj Mall Platform of BFL by the Company.
(q)
“Merchant/Dealer”
shall mean and include Company and Company’s physical store locations from where the intending customer may purchase your Specified Products by availing loan from BFL from the list of Specified Products listed/advertised on the Bajaj Mall Platform.
(r) “
NPCI
” shall mean National Payments Corporation of India;
(s) “
OTP
” means the one-time password received by you on your registered mobile number for availing Bajaj Finserv Services;
(t) “
PEP
” shall mean Politically Exposed Person as defined by the RBI in Master Direction-Know Your Customer (KYC) Direction, 2016.
(u)
“
RBI
” shall mean Reserve Bank of India.
(v) “
Third-Party Product & Services
” refers to any product and/ or service of a party other than that of BFL which are offered through the Bajaj Finserv Platform.
2. INTERPRETATION
(a) All references to singular include plural and vice versa and the word "includes" should be construed as "without limitation".
(b) Reference to any statute, ordinance or other law includes all regulations and other instruments and all consolidations, amendments, re-enactments or replacements for the time being in force.
(c) All headings, bold typing and italics (if any) have been inserted for convenience of reference only and do not define limit or affect the meaning or interpretation of these Terms & Conditions.
3. DOCUMENTATION
(a) The collection, verification, audit and maintenance of correct and updated information is a continuous process and BFL reserves the right, at any time, to take steps necessary to ensure compliance with Applicable Law/ regulation. BFL reserves the right to discontinue services/ reject applications for availing any/ all Bajaj Finserv Services at any time if there are discrepancies in information and/ or documentation provided by You at the time of registration or otherwise.
(b) Any information provided to BFL with the intention of availing its services, shall vest with BFL, and may be used by the BFL at its discretion, in accordance with these terms and conditions, for the purpose consistent with the Applicable Law or regulation.
(c) BFL has the right to call for additional documents/ information to the extant as may be required in accordance with Applicable Law.
4. BAJAJ FINSERV SERVICES
(a) You irrevocably agree and understand that by a single sign in process and by logging in to the Bajaj Finserv Platform you can access, and avail various Bajaj Finserv Services provided by BFL and no separate sign in shall be required for each Bajaj Finserv Services.
(b) You may browse, check, and avail various products/ services which are available through the Bajaj Finserv Platform. The products and services shall be governed by specific terms and conditions applicable for such products and services, which are in addition to the terms and conditions as provided herein;
(c) If you are an existing BFL customer, you may check your existing loan/ other product or service details and also avail new products and services or offers, subject to fulfilment of applicable terms and conditions in relation to the same; and
(d) Avail the below mentioned services (terms and conditions for the same are more specifically detailed under the Annexures appended herewith and the same shall be in addition to the Terms of Use provided herein):
Annexure(s)
Particulars
I
Bajaj Finserv Services:
A.
Terms and Conditions applicable for availing Bajaj Pay Wallet services.
B.
Terms and Conditions applicable for availing Bajaj Pay UPI Services.
C.
Terms and Conditions applicable for availing Bill Payment Services over the Bajaj Finserv Platform.
D.
Terms and conditions applicable for availing Immediate Payment Service (“
IMPS
”) based electronic fund transfer.
E. Terms and Conditions applicable for Bajaj Pay Fastag
.
F.
Bajaj Mall Listing Servicing Terms
G.
Terms and Conditions for Central Bank Digital Currency (CBDC) Services
II
Bajaj Finance Products and Services:
A.
Terms and Conditions for BFL Loan Products.
B.
Terms and Conditions for Co-Branded Credit Cards.
C.
Terms and Conditions for BFL Fixed Deposit Products.
D.
Terms and Conditions for Third-party Insurance Products.
E.
Terms and Conditions for Third-Party Products.
F.
Terms and Conditions for Expense Manager.
G.
Terms and Conditions for Locator.
H.
Terms and Conditions for EMI Vault.
I.
Terms and Conditions for Rewards.
J
. Terms and Conditions for Mutual Funds.
K.
Terms and Conditions of Bajaj Mall
5. ELIGIBILITY
(a) You, by accessing/ logging in, browsing or otherwise using the Bajaj Finserv Platform hereby represent and warrant that, you:
(i) are a citizen of India
(ii) completed the age of 18 years and attained the age of majority;
(iii) are duly authorised either in your individual capacity or under the capacity of being an Authorised Signatory of an Entity;
(iv) are capable of entering into a legally binding agreement; and
(v) are not barred or otherwise legally prohibited, from accessing or using the Bajaj Finserv Platform and/ or from availing Bajaj Finserv Services.
(vi) are the sole owner of Bajaj Finserv Account and cannot have more than one Bajaj Finserv Account at any point of time and if you allow any individual to use your Bajaj Finserv Account, such usage being not appropriate and not permitted by BFL in any manner, and you shall be solely responsible for any consequences thereof and for all actions taken in and/ or through Bajaj Finserv Platform.
(b) In addition to the above-mentioned requirements, you may also have to fulfil additional criteria as may be specified on the Bajaj Finserv Platform to avail Bajaj Finserv Services.
6.
You shall abide by the BFL's Terms and Conditions as set out herein and the changes thereto as communicated through and/ or made available on Bajaj Finserv Platform from time to time. You agree that availing of Bajaj Finserv Services, so offered by BFL, are subject to Applicable Law. You hereby agree and understand that BFL reserves its right to accept or reject your request for availing products/ services on Bajaj Finserv Platform and BFL's decision in this regard would be final. Further, you agree to execute all necessary documents/ forms and/ or furnish all information and/ or comply with all the requirements so communicated by BFL, from time to time.
7.
You agree that BFL may, at its discretion, engage the services of its group company(ies), subsidiaries, merchant/ vendors/ service providers/ business associates/ partners/ Affiliates, direct sales agent ("
DSA
”), direct marketing agent ("
DMA
”), recovery/ collection agents (“
RA
”), Independent Financial Agents (“
IFA
”) (hereinafter collectively referred to as “
BFL Partners
”) for providing Bajaj Finserv Services and/ or obtaining or verifying any information in relation to you/ your assets, and any necessary or incidental lawful acts/ deeds/ matters and things connected thereto, as BFL may deem fit.
8.
You agree that BFL may at its sole discretion, amend any of the services/ facilities given in particular through Bajaj Finserv Account, either wholly or partially at any time by giving you notice and/ or provide an option to you to switch to other products/ services/ facilities.
9.
Any change in the Bajaj Finserv Account status or change of registered address and/ or registered mobile number and/ or email address and/ or the documents including but not limited to the KYC documents submitted by the Customer to BFL shall be immediately, not later than 30 days from the date of update, informed by the Customer to BFL and shall duly get the same changed/ updated in the records of BFL, failing which you shall be responsible for any non-receipt of communication/ deliverables/ transactional messages or the same being delivered at the old address/ mobile number so registered in the records of BFL. You hereby agree and understand that your access to the electronic transaction services/ mobile application may be restricted in case of invalid mobile number registration.
10.
You hereby agree that BFL has adopted industry standard security procedures to carry out your verification through one-time electronic acceptance/ confirmation/ authentication either through a registered mobile phone number or through any electronic/ web platform and/ or through your email id, submitted to BFL, in conjunction with the password for signing into the Bajaj Finserv Platform and/ or the passcode set by you for undertaking any transactions and/ or any other procedure as informed by BFL, from time to time. You hereby convey your full comprehension of and acceptance to the abovementioned security procedures followed by BFL and further agree and understand that any unauthorized disclosure, access, breach and/ or use of the same can put the security of your account at risk.
11.
You hereby understand and agree that failure and/ or delay to furnish details so required by BFL to comply with its statutory/ regulatory obligations, may result in closure of the Bajaj Finserv Account and/ or placement of restrictions on your usage of the Bajaj Finserv Platform by BFL, under intimation to You.
12. CONSENT OF CUSTOMER
(a) Before using/ availing the Bajaj Finserv Services, you must carefully read these Terms of Use and Privacy Terms provided at
https://www.bajajfinserv.in/privacy-policy
. By Accessing, browsing or otherwise using the Bajaj Finserv Platform and/ or Bajaj Finserv Services provided by BFL, you agree and explicitly consent to all the terms and conditions under the Terms of Use and the Privacy Terms, including any modification/ amendments thereof from time to time (collectively “
Terms
”) by confirming the same through One Time Password (“
OTP
”) sent on your mobile number and/ or confirming acceptance through your registered email address available in BFL records or such other mode of authentication as may be prescribed by BFL, from time to time.
(b) You hereby agree, consent and expressly authorise BFL/ its representatives/ agents/ its group companies/ Affiliates to send communications, notices regarding completion of on-boarding process, loans, insurance and other products from BFL, its group companies and/ or third parties that have partnered with BFL, through telephone calls/ SMSes/ emails/ notifications/ post/ bitly/ whatsapp/ bots/ in person communication etc. Any communications sent by BFL through aforesaid modes shall be binding on you.
(c) BFL offers various Group insurance plans/ schemes/ products wherein Bajaj Finance Ltd. is the Master Policy holder. These schemes are limited to users of any of the products & services offered by Bajaj Finance Ltd. including but not limited to loans, deposits, registered users of the Bajaj Finserv App., Bajaj Finserv website, Bajaj Pay Wallet, Bajaj Finserv Services, subscribers of Value Added Service (VAS)/ Assistance products offered by BFL, or any product or service availed by such users other than insurance products.
(d) You hereby agree, consent and expressly authorise BFL to arrange and offer you Group insurance plans/ schemes/ products on your behalf to enrol under such schemes, if opted.
13. WITHDRAWAL OF CONSENT
You shall have the option to withdraw your consent after fulfilling the pending contractual obligations, if any, to BFL and in accordance with prevailing law/ regulation applicable for such withdrawal. After fulfilling the contractual obligations, you are at liberty to refrain from using Bajaj Finserv Platform and/ or Bajaj Finserv Services. However, your continued use/ availing of the Bajaj Finserv Platform/ Bajaj Finserv Services would be construed as deemed acceptance of these Terms of Use and its associated policies mentioned hereof, including any modification thereof.
14. YOUR OBLIGATIONS WHEN USING BAJAJ FINSERV PLATFORM
(a) You agree
NOT
to use Bajaj Finserv Platform: (i) for making any fraudulent transactions, and (ii) for purposes that are unlawful, illegal or forbidden by these Terms of Use or under any Applicable Laws. BFL may, at its sole discretion, at any time and without prior notice or liability, impose additional requirements and restrictions or suspend, terminate or restrict your access to Bajaj Finserv Platform and/ or Bajaj Finserv Services (or any portions thereof).
(b) You shall be solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your Bajaj Finserv Account, password, PIN, OTP, login details etc (“
Credentials
”) and activities that occur in or through your Bajaj Finserv Account. Further, BFL shall not be liable for any loss/ damage caused to You, in any manner whatsoever, arising out of/ in relation to, misuse of your Credentials, with or without your knowledge.
(c) You further agree
NOT
to:
(i) host, display, upload, modify, publish, transmit, update or share any material or information that: (a) belongs to another person and to which you do not have any right to; (b) is grossly harmful, harassing, blasphemous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, paedophilic, libellous, invasive of any other individual's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatsoever; (c) harm minors in any way; (d) deceive(s) or mislead(s) the addressee about the origin of such messages or communicates any information which is grossly offensive or menacing in nature; (e) impersonates another person; (f) contains software viruses, worms, trojans, spyware, adware, software disabling codes, other malicious or intrusive software, or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer resource or any spyware; (g) threatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign States, or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognisable offence or prevents investigation of any offence or is insulting any other nation; (h) infringes the intellectual property rights, legal rights, or interests of any third party; (i) adversely interferes with the working of the Bajaj Finserv Platform or parts thereof, and or modifies or disables any of the functionality and/ or the settings of the Bajaj Finserv Platform, including without limitation any security measures deployed on the Bajaj Finserv Platform.
(ii) Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded;
(iii) Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines, which may be applicable for or to any portion of Bajaj Finserv Platform and/ or availed Bajaj Finserv Services.
(iv) Violate any Applicable Laws for the time being in force;
(v) Attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of Bajaj Finserv Platform, or any other systems or networks connected to Bajaj Finserv Platform or to any server, computer, network, or to any of the services offered on or through Bajaj Finserv Platform by hacking, password “mining” or any other illegitimate means;
(vi) Reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion or feature of Bajaj Finserv Platform, in any manner whatsoever;
(vii) Probe, scan or test the vulnerability of Bajaj Finserv Platform or any network connected to Bajaj Finserv Platform or breach the security or authentication measures on Bajaj Finserv Platform or any network connected to Bajaj Finserv Platform;
(viii) Reverse look-up, trace or seek to trace any information of Bajaj Finserv Platform, including any account on Bajaj Finserv Platform its source code, or exploit Bajaj Finserv App or any service or information made available or offered by or through Bajaj Finserv Platform.
15. FEES OR CHARGES
You shall be responsible to pay fees/ charges, that may be applicable to transactions executed through Bajaj Finserv Platform or for the use of Bajaj Finserv Services or for use of Bajaj Finserv Account and/ or any feature thereof, to BFL or to such third party, as the case may be. Further, the fee applicable in relation to the Bajaj Finserv Services are provided for in the
Schedule I
below. BFL shall have full right in its sole and absolute discretion to determine nature and quantum of fee/ charges that may be applicable to the transactions executed through Bajaj Finserv Platform or for use of the BFL Product and Services or any feature thereof. In the event of any change in applicable fee/ charges, the same shall be notified to you in accordance with the terms and conditions of the respective product/ service being availed by you and shall be binding upon you.
The current charges (which may be changed in future at our sole discretion and after giving due notice) can be viewed by you at
https://www.bajajfinserv.in/all-fees-and-charges
.
16. PRIVACY TERMS
You hereby acknowledge and agree that BFL can collect, hold, use and transfer your personal data in accordance with these Privacy Terms available at
https://www.bajajfinserv.in/privacy-policy
. The manner of collection, usage, processing and storage of your personal data will be as under:
16.1 Type of information collected:
BFL collects/ will collect such information that is necessary for the specified and lawful purposes for rendering the Bajaj Finserv Services and BFL will not further process the same in a manner that is inconsistent with the said purposes. Further, BFL may collect the following types of information:
(a)
Information provided by You:
(i)
When you commence using the Bajaj Finserv Platform/ Bajaj Finserv Services, BFL may ask you to provide certain information as part of the registration process/ login process/ sign-up process, and in the course of your interface with the Bajaj Finserv Platform and while availing Bajaj Finserv Services, BFL may collect the information through various online sources, including through Bajaj Finserv Account registration forms, contact us forms, or when you interact with the support team of BFL.
(ii)
At the time of registration/ login/ sign-up to the Bajaj Finserv Platform and/ or while availing the Bajaj Finserv Services, BFL may ask including but not limited the following information:
(a) Name (First Name, Middle Name and Last Name);
(b) Mobile Number;
(c) Email ID;
(d) Date of Birth;
(e) PAN;
(f) Documents as may be required for KYC Compliance of law/ regulation;
(g) Such other details/ documents as may be deemed necessary by BFL from time to time.
(iii)
Pursuant to the features of the Bajaj Finserv Platform or the nature of Bajaj Finserv Services availed by you, from time to time, BFL may seek additional information including address, payment or banking information, credit/ debit card, bank account details and any other governmental identification numbers or documents, in accordance with the applicable law. You may choose to provide such additional information, if You choose to avail the relevant feature of the Bajaj Finserv Platform and/ or the Bajaj Finserv Services.
(b)
Information captured while using/ browsing Bajaj Finserv Platform:
i. You acknowledge and agree that all information collected by BFL is on an “as-is” basis and BFL shall not be responsible for the authenticity of the information provided by You.
ii. BFL collects your information as per your use and browsing on the Bajaj Finserv Platform through various technologies/ applications. This includes transaction details related to you, including the manner of use of Bajaj Finserv Services, the type of services requested by you, the payment method/ amount and other related transactional and financial information. Further, depending on the rewards/ offers claimed/ availed by you, BFL also collects the order details, delivery information etc.
iii. BFL may from time to time, during the course of your utilisation/ access of the Bajaj Finserv Platform/ Bajaj Finserv Services, require access to certain additional information only after obtaining Your additional explicit consent. Such additional information may include: (i) Your location information (IP address, longitude and latitude information), for verifying the location and to check the feasibility of Bajaj Finserv Platform’s serviceability, (ii) mobile device identification number and SIM identification number and (iii) Your email details/ access to verify your credentials including your conduct on online platforms.
(c)
Information Collected from Third Parties:
i. BFL may, upon receiving your consent, request certain third parties to provide information about you to further personalize your experience on Bajaj Finserv Platform, and provide certain services that cannot be accessed by all users of the Bajaj Finserv Platform.
ii. BFL may collect your credit related information (including credit score) from third parties (e.g. Credit Information Companies/ Information Utilities/ Account Aggregators) under a contract.
iii. BFL may receive Your additional information, (i) to conduct due diligence of your profile (ii) to help detect fraud and safety issues, from third party service providers and/ or partners, and (iii) information about you and your activities through partnerships, or about your experiences and interactions from BFL partner networks.
16.2 How the collected Information is used:
1. Your information is collected for providing better service in respect of Bajaj Finserv Services to you, and to comply with Applicable Laws/ regulations (if any). You hereby agree and acknowledge that BFL may, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law/ regulations, share or process your information in connection with the Bajaj Finserv Services collected by BFL from you while accessing the Bajaj Finserv Platform, with its group companies, subsidiaries, Affiliates, service provider, agencies and/ or any third party, including but not limited to, for the purposes, such as, to complete the transaction initiated by you, to render service to you and/ or to enhance the Bajaj Finserv Services for you, to offer new products etc in terms of manner of such collection, usage and storage is governed by the Privacy Terms stated herein.
2. BFL may utilize your information for the following purposes:
a) To curate/ optimize loan/ Bajaj Finserv Services, related offers and rewards customized for you;
b) To curate specific financial product/ other products for you based on your financial transactions, investments, and past financial behaviour.
c) To improve the Bajaj Finserv Services, BFL may also collect other types of information which are not directly or indirectly linked to a you and which is aggregated, anonymized or de-identified, as the case may be.
d) Providing, processing, maintaining, improving and developing Bajaj Finserv Platform/ Bajaj Finserv Services for you.
e) Communicating you about Bajaj Finserv Platform/ Bajaj Finserv Services, or addressing any general queries, such as updates, support, or information about our events or notices.
f) Conducting marketing related activities, such as providing marketing and promotional materials after seeking your explicit consent.
g) Analysing statistical information about the use of Bajaj Finserv Platform to improve Bajaj Finserv Services.
h) Storing and maintaining your information for complying with its obligations under Applicable Law.
3. Following is an illustrative list of activities (which are inclusive only, but not exhaustive in nature) whereby BFL may further use your information for:
(a)
Creating Account:
Setting up your Bajaj Finserv Account and for availing Bajaj Finserv Services.
(b)
Identifying devices:
Device related information and application related information may be used to identify Devices when you use/ access Bajaj Finserv Platform;
(c)
Verification:
BFL uses information to verify your identity.
(d)
Managing risks and conducting anti-fraud checks:
Device related information as well as your contacts, SMS, location and information may be used to control risk, detect fraud and provide better services to the you;
(e)
Diagnosing service failures:
Logs information may be used to help diagnose service or technical problems and maintain security.
(f)
Conducting data analysis:
Device related information and application related information may be used to analyse and develop statistical information on use of BFL services to improve the quality of services provided to you;
(g)
Improve experience:
BFL may analyse your usage data availed from Bajaj Finserv Platform to improve its product/ service offerings/ experience for you.
(h)
Collect your feedback:
In order to follow up on the feedback that you have chosen to provide, BFL may correspond with you for utilising the information provided and may keep records of the same.
(i)
Sending notices:
From time to time, BFL may use your information to send important notices, such as communications about changes to the terms, conditions, and policies.
4. BFL may utilize the information including but not limited to the consumer number, subscription id, bill number or registered mobile number, registered telephone number, account id/ customer id, or such other identifier(s) which are required to fetch the outstanding payment(s) due/ subscription or bill value, subscription plan, due date, and such other information necessary to facilitate the bill payments.
5. BFL may utilise your name, phone number, email address and Bajaj Finserv Account details (if any), to promote marketing of its various products & services. after seeking your explicit consent. You shall have the right to opt out from receiving promotional communications from BFL by sending an email to
grievanceredressalteam@bajajfinserv.in
.
6. BFL may utilise the information as part of payment services such as to enable You to access and utilise the payment services in compliance with Applicable Law & regulations and share such information with third-party Service Providers for a seamless experience for You.
17. COOKIES
BFL uses data collection devices such as “cookies”, etc. on certain parts of the Bajaj Finserv Platform to help and analyse the Bajaj Finserv Services. The Bajaj Finserv Services may be offered to you based on your access or interaction to the Bajaj Finserv Platform. For the sake of clarity, “cookies” are small files which are accessed either on the web/ mobile platform and/ or placed on your device hard-drive/ storage that assist in providing the services. Please be informed that BFL may offer certain features via the Bajaj Finserv Platform that may only be available through use of a “cookie”.
18. TERMINATION/ SUSPENSION OF BAJAJ FINSERV ACCOUNT:
(a) If you violate any of these covenants herein, BFL reserves the right to terminate your access or delete the Bajaj Finserv Account maintained by you in Bajaj Finserv Platform and/ or BFL can prohibit or bar you from using or accessing such Bajaj Finserv Account/ Bajaj Finserv Services. BFL may temporarily or permanently suspend or freeze or block access to the Bajaj Finserv Account/ Bajaj Finserv Services, if it has reason to believe that there is suspicious or unusual activity being carried out by you or if BFL is of the view and/ or suspects any omission and/ or commission including but not limited to any malicious attack/ fraud/ mischief/ impersonation/ phishing/ hacking/ unauthorized access etc., for such period as it may be deemed fit until it has received to its satisfaction the necessary clarifications as sought from you and/ or until it is convinced that operations in the Bajaj Finserv Account can recommence. You shall forthwith furnish all clarifications/ information sought by BFL. You may reach out to the BFL grievance redressal team for any assistance, if any, needed by you as a result of the afore-mentioned suspension/ deletion to resolve the same, the details of which are provided in
Clause 30 below
.
(b) You agree and acknowledge that, BFL may at its sole discretion without assigning any reason, terminate your Bajaj Finserv Account at any time by giving you a 30 (Thirty) calendar days’ notice. Provided no such notice period requirement shall arise in case of any breach by you of these Terms of Use.
19. DISCLAIMER
(a) The Bajaj Finserv Services including all content, software, functions, material, and information made available or accessible through the Bajaj Finserv Platform are provided on “as is” basis. BFL or its agents, co-branders or partners, make no representation and warranty of any kind for the content, software, functions, material, and information available/ accessible through Bajaj Finserv Platform.
(b) BFL does not warrant in any manner whatsoever that the functions contained in content, information and materials on the Bajaj Finserv Platform, including, without limitation any third-party sites or services linked to the Bajaj Finserv Platform, will be uninterrupted, timely or error-free, that the defects will be rectified, or that the Bajaj Finserv Platform or the servers that make such content, information, and materials available are free of viruses or other harmful components.
(c) You understand that a payment transaction, if any, is solely between You (using the Bajaj Finserv Platform) to make payment (“
Sender
”) and the person/ entity who receives such payment from the Sender (“
Recipient
”) and BFL does not provide any guarantee or warranty with respect to any such service, goods, quality, quantity or delivery level commitment provided by such person/ entity.
20. INDEMNITY
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless BFL, its Affiliates, its promoters, officers, directors, employees and agents, partners, licensors, licensees, consultants, contractors and other applicable third parties from and against any and all claims, demands, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, cause of action, costs or debt, and expenses (including any legal fees) arising out of:
(a) Your access of/ to Bajaj Finserv Platform/ Bajaj Finserv Services;
(b) Your violation of any of these terms, including but not limited to Terms of Use and/ or Privacy Terms;
(c) Your violation of any third party right, including any intellectual property right or privacy right;
(d) Your failure to be in compliance with applicable law, including tax regulations; and/ or
(e) Any claim raised by any third party, arising out of any damage caused to such party due to your access or usage of Bajaj Finserv Platform and/ or Bajaj Finserv Services for any wrongful manner.
21. DAMAGES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
(a) Notwithstanding anything contained in these Terms of Use or any other document, BFL, its successors, agents, assigns, and each of their directors, officers, employees, associates, agents, and representatives shall in no event be liable to You or any other person for:
(i) any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, punitive or economic loss, expense or damage arising from or in .connection with any access, use or the inability to access or use BFL's products/ services and data/ content or reliance on those, howsoever caused and regardless of the form of action (including tort or strict liability);
(ii) any downtime costs, loss of revenue or business opportunities, loss of profit, loss of anticipated savings or business, loss of data, loss of goodwill or loss of value of any equipment including software; and/ or;
(iii) any loss or damage arising as a result of improper usage or malfunction of any computer or mobile phone or other telecommunications equipment used to access BFL's products/ services or incompatibility thereof with our systems;
(iv) additionally, BFL shall be under no liability for any damage, loss or expense, or for any obligation to pay interest for unsuccessful credit or debit of funds under any of the BFL’s products/ services which are availed by access to and use of Bajaj Finserv Platform, unless the same is directly attributable to wilful default or gross negligence on the part of BFL.
(b) BFL shall not be liable for any inconvenience, loss, cost, damage or injury suffered by You or any third party arising from or caused by:
(i) act or omission of any third party including but not limited to any equipment or software providers, any service providers, any network providers (including but not limited to telecommunications providers, internet browser providers and internet access providers), or any agent or subcontractor of any of the foregoing;
(ii) use of Bajaj Finserv Platform/ Bajaj Finserv Services by third persons/ parties, whether authorised or unauthorised by You;
(iii) transfer of funds to the wrong mobile number/ recipient/ account by You;
(iv) any duplicate payments or delayed payments, or any penalty/ interest/ late payment fee levied by the biller upon you;
(v) erroneous recharges to incorrect mobile number or DTH number, bill payments made towards wrong billing accounts, credit cards etc, fund transfers to unintended beneficiaries;
(vi) theft or loss of your mobile phone/ electronic device, hardware and/ or equipment on which the app is installed;
(vii) your inability to effect or complete any transaction due to system maintenance or breakdown/ non-availability of the Bajaj Finserv Platform or any network;
(viii) you being deprived of the use of Bajaj Finserv Platform as a consequence of any act or omission by BFL for compliance with any Applicable Laws and/ or regulations and any instructions and/ or directions given by any local or foreign regulatory body, government agency, statutory board, ministry, departments or other government bodies and/ or its officials.
(c) Notwithstanding anything contained under these Term of Use or any other document, in no event, BFL or any of its directors, employees, agents and/ or personnel shall be liable to You, for any damages, liabilities, losses, arising out of:
(i) these Terms of Use, the platform or any reference site, mobile application, products or services made available on Bajaj Finserv Platform; and/ or
(ii) Your use or inability to use the reference site, mobile application, products or services or any reference site made available through Bajaj Finserv Platform. Further BFL’s aggregate liability if any manner whatsoever shall not exceed Rs. 1 000/-, unless specifically provided for under any Applicable Law.
(d) This Clause shall survive even after the termination of your Bajaj Finserv Account and/ or Bajaj Finserv Services and/ or use of Bajaj Finserv Platform by you.
22. RECORDS OF TRANSACTIONS:
The records of transactions on Bajaj Finserv Platform shall be deemed conclusive evidence against you and the same shall be binding on you except in the case of computation and/ or manifest error. In case there are no transactions initiated by you in your Bajaj Finserv Account for a continuous period of one (1) year, then such account would be treated as an
'Inactive'
Account by BFL except Bajaj Pay Wallet which will be governed in terms of Annexure I. You agree that your Bajaj Finserv Account status would change to
'Active'
only based on your instruction in this regard and after submission of details/ documents/ acceptance for terms as may be deemed necessary by BFL.
23. RIGHT TO LIEN/ SET OFF
(a) You hereby grant and confirm the existence of the right of lien and set-off with BFL, which BFL may, subject to Applicable Law, at any time without prejudice to any of its specific rights under any other agreements/ contract with you, at its sole discretion and with due notice to you to appropriate or adjust or set-off any monies belonging to you and lying/ deposited with BFL towards any of BFL's dues, erroneous, excess or mistaken credit received by You and outstanding’s, including any charges/ fees/ dues payable under these Terms of Use.
(b) Further, you hereby also grant and confirm the existence of the right of lien and set-off with BFL, which BFL may, subject to Applicable Law, at any time without prejudice to any of its specific rights under any other agreements/ contract with you, at its sole discretion upon notice to you to appropriate or adjust any monies belonging to you with BFL in order to recover funds for transactions which are incorrectly or erroneously processed.
(c) BFL shall not be held responsible or liable for any losses, expenses, costs etc. suffered or incurred by you by reason exercise of the right of lien and set-off by BFL. BFL shall, also be entitled to free your Bajaj Finserv Account or remit the amount standing to the credit of the account(s) whether jointly or singly, as the case may be, to the concerned authority without any notice to you pursuant to the receipt of any notice or direction to that effect from any statutory/ regulatory/ legal/ investigative authorities.
24. USE AND PROTECTION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
(a) Bajaj Finserv Platform and/ or Bajaj Finserv Services are protected by intellectual property laws. No information, content or material from the Bajaj Finserv Platform may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way without BFL's express written permission. You are hereby given limited permission to use the Bajaj Finserv Platform, subject to your agreement of these Terms of Use.
(b) By uploading, submitting, storing, sending or receiving content that may include feedback to or through Bajaj Finserv Platform, You grant BFL unconditional permission to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works, communicate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display and distribute such content. The permission so granted by You in favour of BFL is for the limited purpose of operating, promoting, and improving the Bajaj Finserv Platform and Bajaj Finserv Platform Services, offered by itself and/ or through any of its group companies, subsidiaries, Affiliates, service providers, agents, and also to develop new features and services.
25. TAX LIABILITY
You hereby agree to comply with any and all applicable tax laws in connection with use of the Bajaj Finserv Services, and/ or Bajaj Finserv Account, including without limitation, the reporting and payment of any taxes arising in connection with payments made through the Bajaj Pay Wallet, Bajaj Finserv Platform, or funds received through the Bajaj Finserv Platform/ Bajaj Pay Wallet.
26. LICENSE AND ACCESS
(a) BFL is the sole owner of all rights, titles and interest including any and all intellectual property rights in Bajaj Finserv Platform.
(b) BFL grants you limited permission to access and use Bajaj Finserv Platform for personal, non-commercial use and the same is non-transferable and it does not confer any right to download, copy, create a derivative work from, modify, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sub-license, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right in Bajaj Finserv Platform or the services provided thereon.
(c) You do not have the right to use any of BFL’s trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features.
(d) Any unauthorized use of Bajaj Finserv Platform shall trigger breach of these Terms of Use and would result in legal action being initiated by BFL against You under the prevailing Applicable Laws.
27. FORCE MAJEURE
BFL shall not be held responsible for any damage, loss, non-availability of the Bajaj Finserv Platform or Bajaj Finserv Platform services or deficiency in provision of the same, which are beyond the control of BFL and which are resulting directly or indirectly, for reasons such as, including but not limited to:
(a) fire, earthquake, any other natural calamity, flood, epidemic;
(b) strike, lockout, labour unrest;
(c) riot, civil disturbance, war, civil commotion;
(d) act of God, act of terrorism, emergency (declared for health or other reasons);
(e) court order, change in law, or any other circumstance;
(f) network/ server downtime either of its own or procured through third parties, suspension, interruption, malfunctioning of the wireless technology, peripherals, software systems, communication failure, hacking etc.,
(g) any unauthorized disclosure/ breach personal/ sensitive personal information, etc and any direct/ indirect losses suffered by you due to your conduct, such as:
I. Your conduct in using third party extensions, plug-ins or add-ons on the/ You web browser;
II. You shall NOT access darknet, unauthorized/ suspicious websites, suspicious online platforms, downloading applications from unreliable sources;
III. You shall NOT respond to any generic emails or any web/ bitly/ chatbot links, any other link in electronic form etc., from an unknown/ unidentified source.
28. GENERAL
(a) No joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship exists between you and BFL.
(b) If any provision of these Terms of Use is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, under any applicable law, such provision or part thereof shall to that extent be deemed not to form part of these Terms of Use but the legality, validity and enforceability of the other provisions in these Terms of Use shall not be affected. In that event, BFL shall endeavour to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision or part thereof with a provision or part thereof that is legal, valid and enforceable and which shall be binding on you.
(c) These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to its subject matter and replaces and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements or undertakings regarding such subject matter.
(d) BFL may, at its sole discretion, transfer or assign its rights and obligations stated herein, without providing any notice to you, or to any third parties.
(e) For Your convenience, frequently asked questions (FAQs) are provided on the Bajaj Finserv Platform to provide general information on frequent questions or concerns relating the products and services; however, in case of confusion/ disconnect/ dispute, specific product/ services terms shall prevail.
29. MODIFICATIONS AND UPDATES TO BAJAJ FINSERV PLATFORM
(a) BFL reserves the right to make changes to, or update Bajaj Finserv Platform applications, and/ or to charge for its Bajaj Finserv Services, at any point of time and for any reason. You shall be required to download the updates if You intend to keep using Bajaj Finserv Platform. However, BFL does not promise/ guarantee in any manner whatsoever about the continuous availability of the Bajaj Finserv Platform and/ or that it shall always update Bajaj Finserv Platform so that same is relevant/ accessible to you or that the updated versions of Bajaj Finserv Platform will always be compatible with your mobile devices/ computer/ electronic operating systems.
(b) BFL reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change or otherwise modify these Terms at any time by posting an updated version on the Bajaj Finserv Platform. The updated version of these Terms shall supersede the previous version of the Terms and shall be immediately effective upon posting on the Bajaj Finserv Platform and shall be binding on you.
30. GRIEVANCES
Grievances for Bajaj Finserv Services
(a) In case You have any concerns regarding Bajaj Finserv Services, please contact:
LEVEL 1
We are committed to resolving your queries/ issues, you need to follow the below steps to raise your request:
a. Bajaj Finserv App/ Bajaj Finserv Website > Menu > Help and Support > Raise a Request
b. Bajaj Finserv App/ Bajaj Finserv Website > Menu > Help and Support > Raise a Request History > Reopen the request if not satisfied with the response, also there is option incase customer wants to escalate
LEVEL 2
We are committed to resolving your queries/ issues within 7 working days. If you do not hear from us within this time, or you are not satisfied with our resolution of your query, the customer may go through the below steps:
Bajaj Finserv App/ Bajaj Finserv Website > Menu > Help and Support > Raise a Request History > Reopen the request if not satisfied with the response, also there is option incase customer wants to escalate.
You may also write us on
grievanceredressalteam@bajajfinserv.in
LEVEL 3
If the customer is not satisfied with the resolution provided at Level 2, the customer may post his/ her complaint/ query to the Nodal Officer/ Principal Nodal Officer as per the region defined.
You can get the Nodal Officer/ Principal Nodal Officer details from
https://www.bajajfinserv.in/finance-corporate-ombudsman
.
LEVEL 4
If the Customer is not satisfied with the redressal provided or have not received a response from BFL within 30 (thirty) days of lodging a complaint with BFL, the Customer can lodge a complaint with Reserve Bank of India, via Complaint Management System (CMS portal) or by email or in physical mode at Consumer Education and Protection Cell (CEPC) setup at RBI, for grievance Redressal.
Details of the scheme are available at :
https://www.rbi.org.in/Scripts/BS_PressReleaseDisplay.aspx?prid=52549
Grievances for Bajaj Pay UPI Services:
Dispute & Grievance
Bajaj Finance Limited (“
BFL
”) has tripartite contractual agreements with sponsor PSP Banks namely Axis Bank and Yes Bank and NPCI and we are obligated to facilitate grievances/ complaints resolution of the customers onboarded on our UPI application.
Every customer can raise a complaint with respect to a UPI transaction, on the Bajaj Finserv Platform. You can select the relevant UPI transaction and raise a complaint in relation thereto.
Level 1
We are committed to resolve your queries/ issues, you need to follow the below steps to raise your request, if the Bajaj Pay UPI transaction is made through Bajaj Finserv App:
a. Bajaj Finserv App > Passbook > Transaction > Check Status > Raise Complaint
b. Bajaj Finserv App > Menu > Help and Support > Raise a Request
For any queries you can also contact on toll-free number 1800 2100 270
Level 2
We are committed to resolving your queries/ issues within 7 working days. In case query qualifies for further dispute stages, resolution may take time as per NPCI guidelines.
If you do not hear from us within this time, or you are not satisfied with our resolution of your query, customers may go through below steps:
Bajaj Finserv App > Menu > Help and Support > Raise a Request History > Reopen the request if not satisfied with the response, also there is option incase customer wants to escalate.
Customer may also write on
grievanceredressalteam@bajajfinserv.in
Level 3
If the customer is not satisfied with the resolution provided at Level 2, the customer may post his/ her complaint/ query to the Nodal Officer/ Principal Nodal Officer as per the region defined.
You can get the Nodal Officer/ Principal Nodal officer details from
https://www.bajajfinserv.in/finance-corporate-ombudsman
Level 4
If the Customer is not satisfied with the redressal provided or have not received a response from BFL within 30 (thirty) days of lodging a complaint with BFL, the Customer can lodge a complaint with Reserve Bank of India, via CMS portal or by email or in physical mode at CEPC setup at RBI, for grievance redressal.
Details of the scheme are available at :
https://www.rbi.org.in/Scripts/BS_PressReleaseDisplay.aspx?prid=52549
Note:
In case of failed transactions, where the customer approaches the issuing bank and a chargeback request is raised by the issuing bank for such transaction, the refund/ reversal of the transaction shall be completed only after closure of such chargeback request. The Chargeback Turn Around Time (TAT) will be as per the applicable guidelines issued by the NPCI. Customer notes that refund/ reversal of the failed UPI transactions are automatically processed.
Grievances for BBPS & Bill Payment Services:
LEVEL 1
We are committed to resolve your queries/issues, you need to follow the below steps to raise your request, if the Bajaj Pay UPI transaction is made through Bajaj Finserv App:
a. Bajaj Finserv App > Passbook > Transaction > Check Status > Raise Complaint
b. Bajaj Finserv App > Menu > Help and Support > Raise a Request
For any queries you can also contact on toll-free number 1800 2100 270
LEVEL 2
We are committed to resolving your queries/issues within 7 working days. In case query qualifies for further dispute stages, resolution may take time as per NPCI guidelines.
If you do not hear from us within this time, or you are not satisfied with our resolution of your query, customers may go through below steps:
Bajaj Finserv App > Menu > Help and Support > Raise a Request History > Reopen the request if not satisfied with the response, also there is option incase customer wants to escalate.
Customer may also write on
grievanceredressalteam@bajajfinserv.in
Level 3
If the customer is not satisfied with the resolution provided at Level 2, the customer may post his/her complaint/query to the Nodal Officer/Principal Nodal Officer as per the region defined.
You can get the Nodal Officer/Principal Nodal officer details from
https://www.bajajfinserv.in/finance-corporate-ombudsman
Level 4
If the Customer is not satisfied with the redressal provided or have not received a response from BFL within 30 (thirty) days of lodging a Complaint with BFL, the customer can lodge a complaint with Reserve Bank of India, via CMS portal or by email or in physical mode at CEPC setup at RBI, for grievance redressal.
Details of the scheme are available at :
https://www.rbi.org.in/Scripts/BS_PressReleaseDisplay.aspx?prid=52549
Grievances for Bajaj Pay Fastag Services:
In case You have any concerns regarding Bajaj Pay Fastag Services, please contact:
LEVEL 1
We are committed to resolving your queries/issues, you need to follow the below steps to raise your request:
c. Bajaj Finserv App/ Bajaj Finserv Website > Menu > Help and Support > Raise a Request
d. Bajaj Finserv App/ Bajaj Finserv Website > Menu > Help and Support > Raise a Request History > Reopen the request if not satisfied with the response, also there is option to contact on toll-free number 1800 2100 260 incase customer wants to escalate
LEVEL 2
We are committed to resolving your queries/ issues within 7 working days. In case query qualifies for further dispute stages, resolution may take time as per NPCI guidelines.
If you do not hear from us within this time, or you are not satisfied with our resolution of your query, the customer may go through the below steps:
Bajaj Finserv App/ Bajaj Finserv Website > Menu > Help and Support > Raise a Request History > Reopen the request if not satisfied with the response, also there is option incase customer wants to escalate.
You may also write us on
grievanceredressalteam@bajajfinserv.in
LEVEL 3
If the customer is not satisfied with the resolution provided at Level 2, the customer may post his/ her complaint/ query to the Nodal Officer/Principal Nodal Officer as per the region defined.
You can get the Nodal Officer/Principal Nodal Officer details from
https://www.bajajfinserv.in/finance-corporate-ombudsman
.
Grievances for Third Party Insurance Products:
Level 1
For all your grievances or servicing related aspect against the insurance covers purchased through Bajaj Finance Ltd., please submit your request on
https://bfin.in/contactus_new.aspx
Level 2
If you do not receive a satisfactory response within 14 days or if you are not satisfied with the resolution, please write to
grievanceredressalteam@bajajfinserv.in
Level 3
In case your complaint/ grievance is still unresolved, you may directly reach the Insurance Ombudsman for redressal. Find your nearest Ombudsman office @
https://www.policyholder.gov.in/addresses_of_ombudsmen.aspx
.
Level 4
In case you are still not satisfied with the decision/ resolution provided, you may approach the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India through their website
www.irdai.gov.in
Grievances of Distribution of Mutual Funds:
LEVEL 1
We are committed to resolve your queries/issues; you need to follow the below steps to raise your request.
a) Bajaj FinServ App/Bajaj FinServ Website>Menu>Help & Support>Raise a Request>New Request>Others>Query Type - Mutual Funds > Sub Query Type, fill the requested details & Submit
b) Bajaj FinServ App/Bajaj FinServ Website>Menu>Help & Support>Click here to view all raised request>Mutual Funds>Proceed, you can view your request under Open tab.
LEVEL 2
If you are not satisfied with the resolution, please write to
grievanceredressalteam@bajajfinserv.in
Grievance Redressal for Central Bank Digital Currency (CBDC) Services
LEVEL 1
We are committed to resolve your queries, please follow the below steps to raise your request:
Bajaj Finserv App / Bajaj Finserv Website > Menu > Help and Support > Raise a Request
LEVEL 2
We are committed to resolve your queries within 7 working days.
If you don’t hear back from us within the specified time, or if you're not happy with how we've handled your query, you can follow the steps below to take things further:
Bajaj Finserv App / Bajaj Finserv Website > Menu > Help and Support > Raise a Request History > Reopen the request
You may also write us on
grievanceredressalteam@bajajfinserv.in
LEVEL 3
If you're not satisfied with the solution provided at Level 2, you can escalate your complaint or query to the Principal Nodal Officer
You can get the details of Principal Nodal Officer from below link -
https://www.bajajfinserv.in/finance-corporate-ombudsman
.
LEVEL 4
If you're not happy with the response you've received, or if you haven’t heard back from us within 30 days of raising your complaint, you can reach out to the Reserve Bank of India for help. You can do this through the RBI’s Complaint Management System, by email, or by sending a physical letter to the Consumer Education and Protection Cell (CEPC) at RBI
Details of the scheme are available at :
https://www.rbi.org.in/Scripts/BS_PressReleaseDisplay.aspx?prid=52549
31. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
All transactions carried out in connection with Bajaj Finserv Services through Bajaj Finserv Platform and entire relationship as contemplated herein shall be governed by the laws of India. You agree that all claims, differences and disputes which we may have shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts located in Pune, Maharashtra.
32. REWARDS PROGRAM SCHEME(S)
You may be eligible for various rewards under BFL Reward Schemes, post completion of transactions and fulfilment of certain pre-decided event to get cashback, BFL Reward Points, promotional points and vouchers as detailed Clause (I) of
Annexure II
of the Terms of Use of Bajaj Finserv Platform. BFL shall at its sole discretion may change and/ or amend the criteria, eligibility and benefits of Reward Program Schemes at its sole discretion and each and every Reward Program Scheme shall have its own time bound validity too.
ANNEXURE – I
BAJAJ FINSERV PAYMENT SERVICES:
A. BAJAJ PAY WALLET TERMS AND CONDITIONS
In addition to the Terms of Use provided above these terms and conditions regulate the use of Prepaid Payment Instruments (Wallet) or such other services which may be added from time to time under the brand name “
Bajaj Pay Wallet
” (referred to as “
Bajaj Pay Wallet
” or “
Wallet
”) offered by Bajaj Finance Limited (BFL). BFL has been authorised in this regard by the Reserve Bank of India (“
RBI
”) in accordance with the provisions of the Payment and Settlement Systems Act, 2007 and the regulations and directions issued by RBI from time to time. By proceeding to use the Bajaj Pay Wallet, You agree to be bound by these terms (hereinafter “
Wallet Terms and Conditions
”) in addition to agreeing to the Term of Use stated above.
By proceeding to use Bajaj Pay Wallet, you hereby represent not to currently be a Politically Exposed Person (“
PEP
”) as defined by the RBI in Master Direction-Know Your Customer (KYC) Direction, 2016. However, you also agree and undertake to immediately notify BFL in circumstances where your status in this regard changes as PEP by promptly notifying BFL in writing to ensure that appropriate steps are taken in accordance with applicable laws and BFL internal policy/ framework. You further understand that as a PEP, you will be subject to additional due diligence requirements as determined by RBI as well as transaction monitoring and reporting requirements to ensure uninterrupted use of Bajaj Pay Wallet and other products/ services provided by BFL.
By mere use of Bajaj Pay Wallet, you shall be contracting with BFL and these Wallet Terms and Conditions including all policies referenced herein will be binding on you.
When you transact using the Bajaj Pay Wallet through Bajaj Finserv App or on at any Merchant, these Wallet Terms and Conditions in addition to the Terms of Use will be applicable to you. BFL reserves the right, at its sole and absolute discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these terms, at any time without any prior written notice to you. It is your responsibility to review these terms periodically for any updates/ changes. As long as you comply with these Wallet Terms and Conditions and Terms of Use provided above, BFL agrees to grant You a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to utilize the Bajaj Pay Wallet and other services that may be offered through Bajaj Pay Wallet from time to time.
(a) DEFINITIONS:
Unless indicated otherwise, the capitalized terms listed below shall have the following meanings:
"
Bajaj Pay Wallet
" or “
Wallet
” means Prepaid Payment Instruments (Wallet) issued as either Small Wallet or Full KYC Wallets by BFL, as the case may be, in accordance with the RBI Master Direction on Prepaid Payment Instruments, to Customers from time to time.
“
Bajaj Pay Sub Wallet
” or “
Sub Wallet
” means secondary e-wallet issued by BFL to Bajaj Pay Wallet Holder for crediting, managing, utilizing all cashbacks, Bajaj Coins, promo points and vouchers etc as enumerated in the BFL Reward Program Schemes (Ref clause 32 of the Terms of Use). Bajaj Pay Sub Wallet shall be a part of the Bajaj Pay Wallet. The combined limit of the Bajaj Pay Wallet and the Bajaj Pay Sub Wallet shall be governed by and be in accordance with the maximum monetary limit as prescribed by RBI in its guidelines as amended from time to time.
“
Bajaj Pay Wallet UPI Address”
or
“Bajaj Pay Wallet VPA”
shall mean the virtual payment address associated with Bajaj Pay Wallet for enabling PPI Interoperability through UPI.
"
Charge(s)
" or "
Service Charge
" shall mean the charges which BFL may levy upon the Customer in consideration for availing the Bajaj Pay Wallet services.
"
Customer
" shall mean a person or an individual who registered with Bajaj Finserv App for availing Bajaj Pay Wallet/ Sub Wallet services and has accepted all applicable Terms and Conditions including the Terms of Use by virtue of owning, operating or having access to an internet compatible device that supports the services offered by BFL and its Affiliates.
“
Full KYC Wallet
” means the Wallet of the Customer issued by BFL which is fully KYC compliant as per Para 9.2 Full-KYC Wallet of RBI Master Direction on Prepaid Payment Instruments issued on Aug 27, 2021, as more specifically described at clause (d) below, including the amendments thereof from time to time.
"
Merchant
" shall mean and include physical Merchants, online Merchants and any other outlet that has been authorized by BFL to accept payments using the Bajaj Pay Wallet.
"
Person-to-Bank Transfer
" refers to a facility to transfer funds from the Customer’s Bajaj Pay Wallet to any bank account.
"
Person-to-Merchant Transfer
" refers to a facility to transfer funds from the Customer’s Bajaj Pay Wallet to any Merchant having necessary arrangements in place to accept the Bajaj Pay Wallet payments towards purchase of goods and services.
"
Person-to-Person Transfer
" refers to a facility to transfer funds from the Customer’s Bajaj Pay Wallet to any other prepaid instrument issued by BFL or any other third party.
"
RBI
" means the Reserve Bank of India.
"
Transaction
" shall include the following transactions Person-to-Person Transfer or Person-to-Merchant Transfer or Person-to-Bank Transfer or such mode of transfer as may be allowed by RBI, from time to time.
"
Wallet up to Rs. 10,000/-
(with cash loading facility)" means the Wallet of the Customer issued as per Para 9.1 Sub Para (i) of RBI Master Direction on Prepaid Payment Instruments issued and thereby accepting minimum Customer details being Customer name, mobile number verified with One Time Pin (OTP) and a self-declaration of name and unique identity/ identification number of any of the ‘mandatory document’ or ‘
officially valid document
’ (OVD) or any such document with any name listed for this purpose in the Master Direction on KYC as amended from time to time.
“
Wallet up to Rs. 10,000/-
(with no cash loading facility)
” means the Wallet of the Customer issued as per Para 9.1 Sub Para (ii) of RBI Master Direction on Prepaid Payment Instruments and thereby accepting the minimum Customer details being Customer name, mobile number verified with One Time Pin (OTP) and a self-declaration of name and unique identity/ identification number of any ‘mandatory document’ or ‘
officially valid document
’ (OVD) or any such document with any name listed in the Master Direction on KYC, as issued by RBI and as amended from time to time.
(b) ELIGIBILITY
Bajaj Pay Wallet is available only to resident Indians who have attained the age of 18 years and above and are competent to contract in accordance with applicable law.
The Wallet services are not available to persons under the age of 18 years or to anyone previously suspended or removed by BFL from availing the Wallet services.
The Customer hereby represents and warrants that:
(a) the Customer has the legal and/ or right capacity to enter into this arrangement with BFL by virtue of availing of the Wallet services and to abide by all the terms contained herein and/ or as informed by BFL from time to time.
(b) the Customer has not been previously suspended or removed by BFL or disqualified for any other reason, from availing the Wallet Services or using the Bajaj Finserv Platform services.
(c) the Customer shall not impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent his identity, age or affiliation with any person or entity. In the event of any violation of these Wallet Terms, BFL reserves the right to suspend or permanently prevent the Customer from availing the Wallet Services or using the Bajaj Finserv Platform services.
(d) the Customer is entitled to maintain only one Wallet at a time with BFL. If the Customer has already availed Wallet service from BFL, he/ she shall report the same to BFL in this regard. The Customer hereby agrees and understands that BFL reserves right and sole discretion to forthwith close any of Wallet(s) with intimation to the Customer in case the same comes to the attention and/ or knowledge of BFL and/ or upon receipt of the Customer’s communication to this effect. The Customer undertakes to complete all formalities as required by BFL for continuation of the Wallet with BFL.
(c) DOCUMENTATION
The Customer understands and agrees that the collection, verification, audit and maintenance of the correct and updated Customer information is a continuous process at BFL’s end and BFL reserves the right at any time, to take steps necessary to ensure compliance with all relevant and applicable KYC requirements. BFL reserves the right to discontinue the Bajaj Pay Wallet services or reject applications for issuance of the Bajaj Pay Wallet at any time if there are discrepancies in the information provided by the Customer and/ or documentation provided by the Customer.
The Customer agrees that any information provided by the Customer to BFL with the intention of availing of and/ or using the Bajaj Pay Wallet services shall vest with BFL, and may be used by BFL, for any purpose that is in addition to the purposes stipulated under the Terms of Use/ Wallet Terms and Conditions and/ or are not inconsistent with any applicable law or regulation, at its sole discretion.
(d) TERMS RELATING TO TYPES OF THE BAJAJ PAY WALLET
1. Subject to the prevailing regulations, the Customer may avail of the following:
(a) Small Wallet
i. Wallet up to Rs. 10,000/- (with no cash loading facility)
(b) Full KYC Wallet
Wallet up to Rs. 10,000/- (with no cash loading facility):
The Customer hereby agrees and confirms to abide by and fulfil the following terms and conditions that shall apply to the maintenance and operations of such Wallet.
(a) Such Wallet shall be reloadable in nature and issued in card or electronic form. Loading/ reloading shall be only from a bank account and/ or credit card/ full-KYC PPI.
(b) The amount loaded in such Wallet during any month shall not exceed Rs. 10,000 and the total amount loaded during the financial year shall not exceed Rs. 1,20,000.
(c) The amount outstanding at any point of time in such Wallet shall not exceed Rs. 10,000.
(d) These Wallet shall be used only for Person-to-Merchant transfers.
(e) Cash withdrawal or any transfer of monies from such wallet to bank accounts and other wallets of BFL and/ or any other prepaid instrument issuer is not permitted.
(f) The Customer can at their option close the said Wallet at any time by making a request to BFL in this regard through Bajaj Finserv App and the outstanding balance at the time of closure shall be transferred ‘back to source account’ (payment source from where the said Wallet was loaded) subject to the completion of the necessary KYC requirements. The Customer hereby agrees and understands that BFL shall be entitled to call for the relevant information/ documents pertaining to the ‘back to payment source’ where funds have to be transferred post closure of the Wallet.
Full KYC Wallet
1. The Customer’s existing Small Wallet/ KYC Wallet shall be upgraded to a Full KYC Wallet after the Customer submits all the relevant KYC documents and the same are verified and approved by BFL.
2. The Customer hereby agrees and confirms to abide by and fulfil the following terms and conditions that shall apply to the maintenance and operations of such Full KYC Wallet:
a. Full KYC Wallet shall be issued only to the Customers post being fully KYC compliant.
b. Full KYC Wallet shall be reloadable in nature and issued only in electronic form.
c. The amount outstanding in such Full KYC Wallet shall not exceed Rs. 2,00,000/- at any point of time.
d. The Customer can register persons/ individuals as ‘beneficiaries’ on the Bajaj Pay Wallet (by providing their bank account details and such other details as may be requested for by BFL for the purposes of effecting Person-to Person and Person to bank transfers to such beneficiaries.
e. The Customer shall be entitled to set their own defined beneficiary limits.
f. In case of such pre-registered beneficiaries, the funds transfer limit shall not exceed Rs. 2,00,000/- per month per beneficiary and the funds transfer limits for all other cases shall be restricted to Rs. 10,000/- per month.
g. The Customer can at their option close the Full KYC Wallet at any time by making a request to BFL through Bajaj Finserv App and the outstanding balance at the time of closure shall be transferred to the Customer’s bank account and/ or to ‘back to source’ (payment source from where the Full KYC PPI was loaded). The Customer hereby agrees and understands that BFL shall be entitled to call for the relevant information/ documents pertaining to the Customer’s bank account and/ or ‘back to payment source’ where funds have to be transferred post closure of the Full KYC Wallet.
h. In case of death of Customer, balance in the Bajaj Pay Wallet shall be settled as per the Deceased Claim Settlement policy of BFL.
i. In case of non-bank issued Wallet, cash withdrawal shall be permitted up to a maximum limit of Rs. 2,000/- per transaction within an overall monthly limit of Rs. 10,000/- per PPI across all channels (agents, ATMs, PoS devices, etc.); and
3. The Customer hereby agrees and acknowledges that BFL before entering into any relationship including, account-based relationship, will carry out due diligence as required under Know Your Customer ("
KYC
") guidelines of BFL pursuant to the directions issued by RBI. Customer shall submit necessary documents or proofs, such as identity, address, photograph and any such information to meet with KYC, Anti Money Laundering ("
AML
") or other statutory/ regulatory requirements. Further, after the opening of account/ establishment of such relationship, in compliance with the extant regulatory guidelines, Customer agrees to submit the above documents again at periodic intervals, as may be required by BFL. BFL will not be responsible or liable for any violation by the Customer of applicable law, regulation, or guidelines.
4. The Customer hereby declare that his/ her name does not, at any time, appear in the consolidated list of terrorist Individuals/ organizations as circulated by the Statutory, Regulatory and Government authorities, RBI sanctioned/ Negative list and Fraud list from time to time.
5. The Customer hereby authorize BFL to use his/ her existing details and KYC documents/ data for KYC compliance, if any, for such Customer and in case of any changes in registered KYC details/ documents or bank account details, such Customer shall update about the same & submit the updated KYC details to BFL, from time to time.
6. In line with regulatory requirements and internal risk management protocols, Customer holding Full KYC PPI Wallet is required to carry out Re-KYC with BFL as may be required from time to time. In case a customer is required to carry out Re-KYC, the Full KYC PPI Wallet will be downgraded to Small PPI Wallet, which entails reduced transaction limits and limited services (as applicable from time to time). This downgrade shall remain in effect until Re-KYC is successfully completed. The same shall be notified to the Customer.
Digilocker Consent:
The Customer authorizes and gives his/ her consent to BFL to obtain, share and store Certified Copy of Officially Valid Documents (OVD) or equivalent e-documents of OVD including documents issued through secured cloud based Digilocker platform of MeIT for the purpose KYC and for availing BFL Products including Bajaj Pay Wallet.
Consent for PAN Validation through Protean eGov Technologies Limited (Formerly NSDL e-Governance Infrastructure Limited):
Customer authorizes and give consent to BFL to verify/ check/ obtain/ download/ upload/ update PAN details from/ with Protean eGov Technologies Limited (Formerly NSDL e-Governance Infrastructure Limited).
(e) GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
i. Withdrawal of cash is not allowed from Bajaj Pay Wallet. Any outstanding balance in the Bajaj Pay Wallet must be utilized only to make payments for valid Transactions including transfer to other PPIs, Bank Accounts, Debit Cards etc.
ii. Balance in Bajaj Pay Wallet cannot be transferred to Credit Cards.
iii. Balance in the Bajaj Pay Wallet cannot be utilized for payment towards Credit Card bills, loan repayment and for FasTag recharges.
iv. Bajaj Pay Wallet is not transferable in nature.
v. BFL reserves the right to suspend/ discontinue the Bajaj Pay Wallet services to the Customer at any time, for any cause, including but not limited, to the following:
(a) for any suspected violation of the rules, regulations, orders, directions, notifications issued by RBI from time to time or for any violation of these Wallet Terms and Conditions;
(b) for any suspected discrepancy in the particular(s), documentation or enrolment details provided by the Customer while registration or otherwise;
(c) to combat potential fraud, sabotage, wilful destruction, threat to national security or for any other force majeure event;
(d) if the same is due to technical failure, modification, upgradation, variation, relocation, repair, and/ or maintenance due to any emergency or for any technical reasons;
(e) if the same is due to any transmission deficiencies caused by topographical and geographical constraints/ limitations;
(f) if the mobile number registered with the Customer’s Bajaj Pay Wallet ceases to be operational or is not in the possession or control of the Customer;
(g) if BFL believes, in its reasonable opinion, that cessation/ suspension is necessary for any other legitimate purpose.
(h) No interest shall be payable by BFL on the available balance reflected in the Bajaj Pay Wallet;
(i) Any operation of or continued availability of any facility respect to the Bajaj Pay Wallets from time to time shall be subject to any requirements under applicable laws, and any new regulations or directions from any regulatory authorities in India.
(j) If there is/ are no financial transaction(s) in Bajaj Pay Wallet for a consecutive period of one year, the Wallet shall be made inactive by BFL after sending a prior notice/ intimation either through (a) the registered Mobile no. through SMS/ Push Notification; or (ii) via email at the registered email address; or (iii) as a notification over the Wallet provided by the said Customer. The Wallet may be reactivated only after validation and exercise of due diligence by BFL and necessary details in this regard will be shared with the RBI.
vi. The Customer agrees and understands that BFL may at its sole discretion levy limits and/ or charges on the loading of monies to the Bajaj Pay Wallet from various payment modes and/ or on transfer of the monies in relation to Transaction(s), which may vary in limits and/ or charges, subject to Applicable Law. Customers can view the updated transaction limits in the FAQ section available on the Bajaj Finserv App. To view FAQs, please follow below steps:
Go to the 'Main Menu (Three Lines) at the top left of the Home Screen
Select 'Help & Support'
Select Wallets under “choose a category you need help with”
Click on “Wallet Services”:
vii. BFL shall affect all the refunds in case of failed/ returned/ rejected/ cancelled Transactions to the Bajaj Pay Wallet of the Customer in accordance with Applicable Law.
viii. The Customer acknowledges that for all wallet transactions involving debit to the Bajaj Pay Wallet, the customers shall be required to validate and authenticate such transactions through a Two Factor Authentication (2FA) as adopted by BFL.
ix. The Customer understands that he/ she has an option to put a cap on number of transactions and transaction value for different types of transactions/ beneficiaries and has the right to change the caps, with additional authentication and validation.
(f) BAJAJ PAY WALLET CHARGES
i. The Customer shall pay the Service Charges prescribed by BFL from time to time in the form and manner prescribed for such payment. BFL may at its discretion, change, amend, increase, or reduce the Service Charges with prior intimation to the Customer.
ii. Any value in the Customer’s Bajaj Pay Wallet that is utilized towards making payments for any Transaction shall be automatically debited from such Bajaj Pay Wallet. BFL's responsibility is limited to the debiting of the Bajaj Pay Wallet and the subsequent payment to any Merchant/ individual that the Customer might transact with. BFL does not endorse, promote, champion or warrant any goods and/ or services that might be bought/ availed or proposed to be bought/ availed using the Bajaj Pay Wallet.
iii. The current charges (which may be changed in future at our sole discretion and after giving due notice) can be viewed by you at
https://www.bajajfinserv.in/all-fees-and-charges
and are specifically detailed under Schedule I herein.
iv. BFL reserves the right to appropriate and/ or set off any balance in the Bajaj Pay Wallet in order to recover funds for transactions processed as per the Customer request.
(g) WALLET EXPIRY AND BALANCE FORFEITURE
i. Subject to the RBI Master Direction on Prepaid Payment Instruments, Bajaj Pay Wallet has a perpetual validity and does not expire.
ii. BFL may forthwith terminate the Bajaj Pay Wallet issued to the Customer at its sole and absolute discretion either without assigning reasons or on account of Customer’s breach of these terms or on account of a directive received from the RBI/ any other regulatory/ statutory/ legal/ investigative authority and court of law/ applicable law/ Law Enforcement Agency (LEA). Notwithstanding the foregoing, BFL reserves the right to terminate Customer’s Bajaj Pay Wallet in case of violation of any policy or Terms of Use stated above or such other terms as may be issued by BFL or any rule/ policy issued by the RBI or Government of India or any other concerned body and in such event, any balance in such wallet shall be credited back to Customer’s bank account linked to the Bajaj Pay Wallet. In such an event, BFL shall report the matter to the concerned regulatory/ statutory/ legal/ investigative body and may freeze Customer’s Bajaj Pay Wallet until given a clearance by such concerned regulatory/ statutory/ legal/ investigative body.
iii. In the event that Bajaj Pay Wallet is due for closure due to inactivity on the grounds as set out herein, BFL shall inform the Customer of the same at least 45 (forty-five) days prior to the date of such closure by sending a communication in this regard via SMS/ e-mail/ push notification or by any means in the language preferred by holder at the time of issuance of PPI’s over registered contact details provided by Customer to BFL. In the event that there is an outstanding balance in Bajaj Pay Wallet, Customer may at any time subsequent to the closure/ termination of the said Wallet make a request to BFL to initiate a refund of the outstanding Bajaj Pay Wallet balance and the aforesaid balance will be transferred to a bank account that Customer had either linked to Wallet previously or the bank account details Customer have provided to BFL at the time of raising such request for refund. BFL further reserves the right to block the Customer’s Bajaj Pay Wallet, if Customer is involved in any suspicious transaction and/ or any transaction in gross violation of the rules and regulations issued by the RBI, governing the use of Prepaid Payment Instruments including but not limited to rules and regulations under Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002 and any amendments thereto. In such an event, BFL shall report the matter to RBI and shall also freeze Customer’s Bajaj Pay Wallet until the receipt of findings, and clear report from RBI in this regard.
(h) GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS TO BE COMPLIED BY CUSTOMER HOLDING BAJAJ PAY SUB WALLET
These terms shall be read in conjunction to the Terms of Use, the Bajaj Pay Wallet Terms and Conditions, Terms and Conditions for BFL Rewards and shall be applicable to the Bajaj Pay Sub Wallet unless the Terms of Use and Wallet Terms conflict with the terms stated herein below:
i. Bajaj Pay Sub Wallet shall be available for Customers who have Bajaj Pay Wallet.
ii. Bajaj Pay Sub Wallet shall have pre-defined monetary limits and shall be re-loadable.
iii. Customer holding Bajaj Pay Sub Wallet understands and acknowledges that all cashback, Bajaj Coins, promo points and vouchers etc as enumerated in the BFL Reward Program Schemes (Ref clause 32 of the Terms of Use) shall be credited in the Bajaj Pay Sub Wallet only and the Customer shall not in any manner claim the cash back, Bajaj Coins, promo points, vouchers etc in the primary wallet.
iv. Bajaj Pay Sub Wallet shall be a part of the primary Wallet. The combined limit of the Bajaj Pay Wallet and the Bajaj Pay Sub Wallet shall be governed by and be in accordance with the maximum monetary limit as prescribed by RBI in its guidelines as amended from time to time.
v. Customer shall pay the fee and service charges prescribed by BFL. BFL may at its discretion, change, amend, increase, or reduce the service charges. Fee and charges shall be available on BFL website and the Bajaj Finserv Platform.
vi. Customer agrees that Bajaj Pay Sub Wallet shall be used solely for the purposes as determined by BFL and the logic for deduction of amount for any Bajaj Pay Wallet transaction will be solely governed by BFL and can be amended from time to time. The Customer further agrees that he/ she shall not use the Bajaj Pay Wallet or sub wallet in unauthorised or unlawful manner.
Customer agrees and confirms that no P2B (Person to Bank) transfer, P2P (Person to Person) transfer and no cash withdrawals are permitted from Bajaj Pay Sub Wallet balances. The Bajaj Pay Sub Wallet balance must be utilized for making payments towards valid transactions and availing specified services over Bajaj Finserv Platform or BFL authorised channels.
vii. Customer shall, prior to availing the Bajaj Pay Sub Wallet services from BFL, obtain appropriate advice and shall familiarize himself with the associated risks and all the terms and conditions pertaining to the usage of Bajaj Pay Wallet and Sub Wallet Service.
viii. Customer agrees that he/ she will not use the Bajaj Pay Sub Wallet for payment of any illegal/ unlawful purchase/ purposes, else, Customer shall be fully responsible for the wrongful use, if any, of the Bajaj Pay Sub wallet.
ix. Customer agrees to submit all the documents to BFL as directed from time to time, to meet KYC norms in compliance with the relevant extant guidelines issued by RBI.
x. The Customer shall act in good faith at all times in relation to all dealings with the Bajaj Pay Sub Wallet and BFL.
xi. The Customer shall indemnify and hold BFL harmless for any/ all actions, proceedings, claims, liabilities (including statutory liability), penalties, demands and costs, awards, damages and losses arising out of wrongful use of a Bajaj Pay Sub Wallet Service and/ or as a result of Customer committing violation of these Terms and Conditions, Terms of Use and Bajaj Pay Wallet Terms and Conditions.
(i) GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR BAJAJ PAY WALLET INTEROPERABILITY THROUGH UPI (“Wallet UPI”)
These terms shall be read in conjunction to the Terms of Use and the Bajaj Pay Wallet Terms and Conditions:
i. Bajaj Pay Wallet interoperability through UPI (hereinafter referred as “Wallet UPI”) is available only for the customers who hold a valid Bajaj Pay Full KYC Wallet.
ii. Customer must have a valid mobile number associated with his/ her Bajaj Pay Wallet.
iii. By availing the Wallet UPI feature, customers can utilize their Bajaj Pay Full KYC Wallet balance for making payments through UPI on any UPI QR Code and/ or to the Wallets issued by other PPI Issuers.
iv. You hereby furnish your clear and unambiguous consent and authorize BFL to access your mobile device credentials, including mobile device identification number and SIM identification number, to verify/ authenticate your Bajaj Pay Wallet details.
v. A unique Bajaj Pay Wallet VPA/ Bajaj Pay Wallet UPI shall be allotted to you once you link your Bajaj Pay Wallet with UPI to avail Wallet UPI feature in accordance to the terms and conditions.
vi. You can create Bajaj Pay Wallet VPA only once and you acknowledge and understand that BFL may save your Bajaj Pay Wallet VPA for future reference.
vii. You understand that you shall be fully responsible to verify the transaction/ Payer/ Payee details before carrying out the transaction. BFL shall not be responsible to reverse the transaction or in any manner liable for any inaccuracy of information provided by you while carrying out any transaction authorised by you.
viii. You shall be solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your Bajaj Pay Wallet credentials including the Bajaj Pay Wallet VPA, passwords, PIN, OTP, login details etc (“Credentials”) and activities that occur in or through your Bajaj Pay Wallet. Further, BFL shall not be liable for any loss/ damage caused to You due to your negligence, in any manner whatsoever, arising out of/ in relation to, misuse of your Credentials, with or without your knowledge.
ix. The transaction limits while transaction using Bajaj Pay Wallet VPA shall be same as the transaction limits of Bajaj Pay Wallet, which can be accessed from the FAQs.
x. You may at any time deregister your Bajaj Pay Wallet VPA. However, post de-registering, you won’t be able to perform any Wallet UPI transactions using Bajaj Pay Wallet VPA.
xi. BFL reserves its rights to suspend your access temporarily or permanently to the Wallet UPI Services and/ or your Bajaj Pay Wallet account if BFL has reasons to believe that your Bajaj Pay Wallet VPA is being used for suspicious or unusual activities, or upon instructions as may be received from any regulatory, judicial, quasi-judicial authority or any law enforcement agency.
(k) TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE ON BAJAJ PAY GIFT CARDS
These terms and conditions apply to the Bajaj Pay Gift Cards ("Gift Cards") issued by BFL and shall be read in conjunction to the Terms of Use and the Wallet Terms and Conditions.
The Customer agrees to and understands the following terms:
DEFINITIONS:
Unless indicated otherwise, the capitalized terms listed below shall have the following meanings:
"Gift Card" shall mean a Prepaid Payment Instrument issued by BFL which the Customer can use for a variety of transactions such as purchase of goods and services, as the case may be, in accordance with the RBI Master Directions on Prepaid Payment Instruments to Customers from time to time.
"Validity Period” shall mean the validity of a Gift Card for a period of 1 year from the date of purchase.
"Merchant" means the merchant and/or the commercial establishment which has a specific agreement with BFL or an agreement through a payment aggregator/payment gateway, to accept the Gift Card for accessing the funds in the wallet to enable payment through the Gift Card enabled point of sale (POS), electronic terminals or enabled devices towards the purchase of products and/or services therein.
ISSUANCE AND USAGE OF THE GIFT CARD
i. Gift Cards can be purchased in denomination of up to Rs. 10,000/-.
ii. Gift Card(s) wallet balance cannot exceed Rs. 10,000/- at any point of time.
iii. The Customer hereby agrees and understands that the above-mentioned balance of Rs. 10,000/- shall be exclusive of the balances available in the Bajaj Pay Wallet of the Customer held with BFL.
iv. Gift Cards can be redeemed towards the purchase of products and/or services at the Merchant establishments accepting Bajaj Pay Wallet. The amount of the purchases shall be deducted from the Customer's Gift Card balance. Any unused Gift Card balance will remain linked with the Customer’s Wallet account and accordingly applied to purchases.
v. You may purchase Gift Cards through various options available on Bajaj Finserv Platform and also use Gift Cards in the manner provided hereunder. By purchasing or using a Gift Card, you are agreeing to and accept these terms and conditions.
vi
. Redemption:
For redeeming the Gift Card, the Customer is required to add the same to Gift Card wallet balance after verifying Gift Card number. Gift Cards may only be redeemed toward the purchase of eligible products on Bajaj Finserv Platform and/ or any other Merchants that are enabled to accept the Gift Cards. The amount of the purchases shall be deducted from the Customer's Gift Card balance. Any unused Gift Card balance will remain linked with the Customer’s Wallet account and accordingly applied to purchases. Any unused Gift Card balance will remain associated with the Customer’s Wallet balance and applied to purchases in order of earliest expiration date.
vii. If a purchase exceeds the Customer’s Gift Card balance, the remaining amount must be paid with by any other valid payment mode such as debit card, credit card, net banking, UPI, Wallet.
viii.
Limitations:
Gift Cards, including any unused Gift Card balances, expire 1 year from the date of issuance. You may request for revalidation of any expired Gift Cards. Upon receipt of such request, the Gift Card may be revalidated after due verification and subject to applicable terms and conditions. Gift Cards may only be purchased in denominations of up to Rs. 10,000/-, or such other limits as BFL may determine.
ix. Gift Cards cannot be used to purchase other gift cards. Gift Cards cannot be reloaded, resold, transferred for value or redeemed for cash. Except as provided hereunder or as per applicable law, amount in your Gift Cards will not be refunded to you under any circumstances. No refund will be provided in cash, at any point of time. Unused Gift Card balances may not be transferred to another users account. No interest will be payable by BFL on any Gift Card or Gift Card balance.
x. Fraud: BFL is not responsible if a Gift Card is lost, stolen, destroyed or used without permission. BFL shall have the right to close customer accounts and take payment from alternative forms of payment if a fraudulently obtained Gift Card is redeemed and/ or used to make purchases on Bajaj Finserv Platform or any Merchant establishment enabled to accept Gift Cards.
(l) PASSBOOK
i. The Customer's passbook available on the Bajaj Pay Wallet would reflect all the Transactions performed through the said Wallet.
ii. Passbook showing the details of the Transactions in the Bajaj Pay Wallet will be available to the Customer.
(m) CUSTOMER OBLIGATIONS
i. Bajaj Pay Wallet/ Sub Wallet/ Bajaj Pay Wallet VPA availability is subject to the maintenance of an active mobile phone and internet connection. Bajaj Pay Wallet availability is subject to the maintenance of a mobile phone handset and other application on which services/ application/ platform can run and the Customer is solely responsible for all liability arising from the unavailability of the services/ application/ platform due to a deficient or defective mobile handset or the internet service provider not being able to support any Bajaj Pay Wallet channel or application.
ii. The Customer must ensure the availability of sufficient funds in the Customer’s Bajaj Pay Wallet before executing any Transaction from the Customer’s Bajaj Pay Wallet/ Sub Wallet.
iii. The Customer shall be solely responsible for the confidentiality, safety and security of the login credentials for availing Bajaj Pay Wallet. The Customer shall be the sole owner of the Password and shall be responsible for the consequences arising out of disclosure of the credentials and/ or the unauthorized use of Bajaj Pay Wallet. In case the mobile phone/ SIM card/ mobile number associated with the Customer’s Bajaj Pay Wallet is lost/ stolen/ misplaced/ no longer in the Customer control, the Customer shall promptly inform BFL. BFL will upon receipt of such information block the relevant account or take necessary actions as per the internal policies for securing the relevant Account.
iv. The Customer shall intimate BFL about any update or change in the KYC documents, change in the Customer address, if any, along with such proof of address as per the KYC documents at the earliest and in no event later than 30 days of such update.
v. The Customer shall not use Bajaj Pay Wallet/ Sub Wallet/ Bajaj Pay Wallet VPA for any purpose that might be construed as contrary or repugnant to any applicable law, regulation, guideline, judicial dicta, BFL policy or public policy or for any purpose that might negatively prejudice the goodwill of BFL or violate the Terms of Use including the Bajaj Pay Wallet/ Sub Wallet/ Wallet UPI Terms set out herein.
vi. The Customer acknowledges and understands that the Bajaj Pay Wallet is linked to the Customer’s mobile phone number and the Customer shall be solely responsible for any liability arising out of the loss/ theft/ misuse of the mobile phone number or deactivation of mobile connection by the concerned telecom service provider.
vii. Information submitted by the Customer for availing Bajaj Pay Wallet and/ or information submitted while using Bajaj Pay Wallet may be shared by BFL with any affiliate of BFL or any third party, inter alia, to facilitate the provision of the Bajaj Pay Wallet or for the purposes specified in the Terms of Use and the Bajaj Pay Wallet Terms and conditions.
viii. The Customer shall ensure that the Bajaj Pay Wallet services are not used for Transactions in foreign currency. The Bajaj Pay Wallet is issued in India and shall be valid only in India and shall be used at Merchant only in India.
ix. Without limiting the foregoing, the Customer agrees that the Customer shall not use the Bajaj Pay Wallet to undertake any of the following actions or to display, upload, modify, publish, distribute, disseminate, transmit, update or share any information that:
(a) is grossly harmful, harassing, blasphemous defamatory, obscene, pornographic, paedophilic, libellous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatsoever;
(b) infringes any patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights;
(c) contains viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that is designed to interrupt, destroy or that may limit the functionality of any computer source or that may damage or adversely affect the operation of another person's computer, its web-sites, any software or hardware, or telecommunications equipment;
(d) Advertises or offers to sell any goods or services for any commercial purpose;
(e) is in the nature of promotional services, products, surveys, contests, pyramid schemes, spam, unsolicited advertising or promotional materials, or chain letters;
(f) falsifies or deletes any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or the source of software or other material;
(g) violates any law for the time being in force;
(h) belongs to another person to which the Customer do not have any right to;
(i) interferes with or disrupts the Bajaj Pay Wallet or other BFL websites, servers, or networks;
(j) impersonate any other person;
(k) manipulates identifiers or other data in order to disguise the origin of any content transmitted through its websites or to manipulate the Customer presence on its websites;
(l) engages in any illegal activities;
(m) threatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states, or public order, or causes incitement to the commission of any cognizable offence or prevents the investigation of any offence or insults any other nation.
(n) ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
(i) When the Customer acquires goods, software or any other products/ services from a Merchant through Bajaj Pay Wallet service, the Customer understands and agrees that BFL is not a party to the contract between the Customer and the Merchant. BFL does not endorse any advertiser or Merchant linked to the Bajaj Pay Wallet. Furthermore, BFL shall not be under any obligation to monitor the Merchant's service/ products used by the Customer. The Merchant alone shall be responsible for all obligations under the contract including (without limitation) warranties or guarantees. Any dispute with or complaint against any Merchant must be directly resolved by the Customer with the Merchant. It is clarified that BFL shall not be responsible or liable for any deficiency in goods and/ or services purchased using Bajaj Pay Wallet/ Sub Wallet. The Customers are advised to satisfy themselves regarding the quality, quantity and fitness of any goods and/ or service before purchasing the same.
(ii) Any payment made erroneously through Bajaj Pay Wallet by the Customer to any Merchant or any erroneous transfer to any person shall not be refunded to the Customer by BFL in any circumstances.
(iii) Any web-link on the Bajaj Pay Wallet to a third-party site is not an endorsement of that web-link. By using or browsing any such other web-link, the Customer shall be subject to the terms and conditions in relation to that web-link.
(iv) In the event of any dispute in relation to usage of Bajaj Pay Wallet BFL records shall be binding as the conclusive evidence of the Transactions carried out through Bajaj Pay Wallet.
(v) BFL shall send all Customer communications either by notifications on the Wallet, SMS and/ or e-mail and such SMS shall be deemed to have been received by the Customer after they have been submitted for delivery to the mobile phone operator. BFL shall not be liable for any errors or issues in the communication address/ number as provided by the Customer and the same shall be the Customer’s sole responsibility.
(vi) The Customer agrees to receive all commercial messages including transactional messages from BFL.
(vii) Excepting for the relationship of Wallet service recipient and Wallet service provider, nothing in this Wallet/ Sub Wallet Terms shall be deemed to create any agency or employment relationship, a franchisor-franchisee relationship, joint venture or partnership between the Customer and BFL.
(o) Customer Protection – Limiting Liability of Customers in Unauthorised Electronic Payment Transactions in PPIs
A customer’s liability arising out of an unauthorised payment transaction through the Bajaj Pay Wallet shall be governed by the following table and will be limited to:
Customer liability in case of unauthorized electronic payment transactions through a PPI
Sl. No.
Particulars
Maximum Liability of Customer
(a)
Contributory fraud/ negligence/ deficiency on the part of the PPI issuer, including PPI-MTS issuer (irrespective of whether or not the transaction is reported by the customer)
Zero
(b)
Third party breach where the deficiency lies neither with the PPI issuer nor with the customer but lies elsewhere in the system, and the customer notifies the PPI issuer regarding the unauthorised payment transaction. The per transaction customer liability in such cases will depend on the number of days lapsed between the receipt of transaction communication by the customer from the PPI issuer and the reporting of unauthorised transaction by the customer to the PPI issuer -
i. Within three days#
Zero
ii. Within four to seven days#
Transaction value or ₹ 10,000/- per transaction, whichever is lower
iii. Beyond seven days#
100%
(c)
In cases where the loss is due to negligence by a customer such as where he/ she has shared the payment credentials, the customer will bear the entire loss until he/ she reports the unauthorised transaction to the PPI issuer. Any loss occurring after the reporting of the unauthorised transaction shall be borne by the PPI issuer.
# The number of days mentioned above shall be counted excluding the date of receiving the communication from the PPI issuer.
(p) Grievances for Bajaj Pay Wallet Services
In case you have any concerns regarding Bajaj Pay Wallet Services, please contact:
Level 1
We are committed to resolve your queries/ issues, you need to follow the below steps to raise your request:
a. Bajaj Finserv App > Menu > Help and Support > Raise a Request
b. Bajaj Finserv App > Menu > Help and Support > Raise a Request History > Reopen the request if not satisfied with the response, also there is an option incase customer wants to escalate
For any queries you can also contact on toll-free number 1800 2100 270
Level 2
We are committed to resolve your queries/ issues within 7 working days. If you do not hear from us within this time, or you are not satisfied with our resolution of your query, customers may go through below steps:
Bajaj Finserv App > Menu > Help and Support > Raise a Request History > Reopen the request if not satisfied with the response, also there is option incase customer wants to escalate.
Customer may also write on
grievanceredressalteam@bajajfinserv.in
Level 3
If the customer is not satisfied with the resolution provided at Level 2, the customer may post his/ her complaint/ query to the Nodal Officer/ Principal Nodal Officer as per the region defined.
You can get the Nodal Officer/ Principal Nodal officer details from
https://www.bajajfinserv.in/finance-corporate-ombudsman
Level 4
If the Customer is not satisfied with the redressal provided or have not received a response from BFL within 30 (thirty) days of lodging a grievance with BFL, the Customer can lodge a grievance with Reserve Bank of India, via CMS portal or by email or in physical mode at CEPC setup at RBI, for grievance redressal.
Details of the scheme are available at :
https://www.rbi.org.in/Scripts/BS_PressReleaseDisplay.aspx?prid=52549
(q) Grievances for Bajaj Pay Wallet UPI Services
In case you have any concerns regarding Bajaj Pay Wallet UPI Services, please contact:
Level 1
We are committed to resolving your queries/ issues, you need to follow the below steps to raise your request, if the Wallet UPI transaction is made through Bajaj Finserv App:
a. Bajaj Finserv App > Passbook > Transaction > Check Status > Raise Complaint
b. Bajaj Finserv App > Menu > Help and Support > Raise a Request
For any queries you can also contact on toll-free number 1800 2100 270
Level 2
We are committed to resolve your queries/ issues within 7 working days. In case query qualifies for further dispute stages, resolution may take time as per NPCI guidelines.
If you do not hear from us within this time, or you are not satisfied with our resolution of your query, customers may go through below steps:
Bajaj Finserv App > Menu > Help and Support > Raise a Request History > Reopen the request if not satisfied with the response, also there is option incase customer wants to escalate.
Customer may also write on
grievanceredressalteam@bajajfinserv.in
Level 3
If the customer is not satisfied with the resolution provided at Level 2, the customer may post his/ her complaint/ query to the Nodal Officer/ Principal Nodal Officer as per the region defined.
You can get the Nodal Officer/ Principal Nodal officer details from
https://www.bajajfinserv.in/finance-corporate-ombudsman
Level 4
If the Customer is not satisfied with the redressal provided or have not received a response from BFL within 30 (thirty) days of lodging a grievance with BFL, the Customer can lodge a grievance with Reserve Bank of India, via CMS portal or by email or in physical mode at CEPC setup at RBI, for grievance redressal.
Details of the scheme are available at :
https://www.rbi.org.in/Scripts/BS_PressReleaseDisplay.aspx?prid=52549
B. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF BAJAJ PAY UPI SERVICES
The following terms and conditions (“
UPI Terms
”) shall be applicable for the provision of the UPI fund transfer and fund collection activity facilitated by Bajaj Finance Limited (“
BFL
”) acting in capacity of a TPAP (as defined below) through its PSP Bank (as defined below). BFL will on best effort basis endeavour to provide to the Customer, UPI Facility (as defined below) in accordance with the UPI guidelines, circulars and/ or regulations issued by the Reserve Bank of India (“
RBI
”) and/ or National Payments Corporation of India (“
NPCI
”) and/ or any other competent authority, from time to time (collectively referred to as “
Guidelines
”) subject to the terms and conditions herein specified.
BFL is a TPAP authorized by NPCI to facilitate payments through sponsor PSP Bank(s) namely Axis Bank Ltd. and Yes Bank Ltd. BFL is a service provider in the UPI payment ecosystem, and we participate in UPI through the PSP Banks.
1. DEFINITIONS
In this section the following words and phrases have the meanings set opposite them unless the context indicates otherwise:
"
Bank Account(s)
" refers savings and/ or current account held by the Customer with any bank in India, to be used for operations through the UPI Facility.
"
Customer
" means the applicant/ remitter availing of the UPI Facility through his/ her Account(s).
“
NPCI UPI System
” means the switch and related equipment and software owned by NPCI to provide the UPI based fund transfer and funds collection facility through the pre-approved transaction functionality or otherwise as contemplated under the Guidelines;
"
Payment Instruction
" means an unconditional instruction issued by the Customer using the UPI Facility, to effect a fund transfer for a certain sum of money expressed in Indian rupees, to the designated account of a designated beneficiary by debiting Account(s) of the Customer.
“
PSP Bank
” means the member bank of UPI connected to the NPCI UPI System enabling BFL to provide UPI Facility to its Customers.
“
TPAP
” shall mean BFL as a service provider, participating in UPI through PSP Bank
“
UPI
” refers to the Unified Payments Interface Service offered by NPCI in collaboration with its member banks.
"
UPI Account
” or “
UPI Facility
” or “
UPI ID
" means the Unified Payments Interface Service based electronic fund transfer and fund collection facility provided/ facilitated by BFL to its Customers through the NPCI UPI System as per the Guidelines.
(Words or expressions used in this form, but not specifically defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to them under the Guidelines.)
2. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
(a) The Customer hereby agrees and acknowledges that for availing the UPI Facility Customer shall register by way of one-time registration, in such from and manner as may be prescribed by BFL and BFL may at its sole discretion, accept or reject such request. The Customer will be provided with an option to set the virtual payment address (“
UPI VPA
”). Customer can link other bank accounts through a one-time registration process defined and standardized by NPCI and then start transacting on that. By accessing the UPI Facility, the Customer accepts these UPI Terms, further these terms are in addition to and not in derogation of the Guidelines, issued from time to time.
(b) The Customer shall be able to access the said generated UPI VPA for availing the UPI Facility. The Customer hereby agrees and acknowledges that completion of the entire device registration process and PIN/ Password setting process is an essential condition for activation and usage of the full functionality of the UPI Facility. Customer can link other bank accounts through a one-time registration process defined and standardized by NPCI to enable transacting through UPI.
(c) The Customer hereby acknowledges that the Customer has read and understood the Guidelines and agrees that the rights and obligations provided therein and in these UPI Terms in so far as it relates to the Customer shall be binding on the Customer with regard to each and every Payment Instruction issued by him for execution in the NPCI UPI System. The Customer understands and agrees that nothing in terms of usage of UPI Facility shall be construed as creating any contractual or other rights against NPCI or any participant in the NPCI UPI System other than BFL in accordance with UPI Terms. The transaction limits in relation to the UPI Facility shall be as per the Guidelines, as may be updated from time to time.
3. SCOPE OF THE UPI FACILITY
UPI Facility offers an instant, interbank electronic fund transfer, fund collection service, UPI Number, UPI- One time and recurring mandate related services to the Customers. The Customers can put in request for fund transfers or funds collection or respond to funds collection from the TPAP application in a secure manner for any of his/ her linked Accounts using their uniquely created UPI VPA.
4. FEES AND CHARGES
(a) The fees and charges applicable for availing the UPI Facility shall be as per the rates fixed by the regulator. Subject to Guidelines, BFL may at its sole discretion update such fees and charges without providing any prior intimation to the Customer.
(b) Any government charges, duty or debits, or tax payable as a result of payments made using the UPI Facility shall be the Customer’s responsibility and if imposed upon BFL shall debit such charges, duty or tax against the Customer.
5. RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE CUSTOMER
(a) The Customer shall be entitled, subject to other terms and conditions of the service, to issue Payment Instructions for execution by BFL. The Payment Instruction shall be issued by the Customer, in the form as prescribed by BFL, which is complete in all particulars. The Customer shall be responsible for the accuracy of the particulars given in the Payment Instruction for UPI Facility and shall be liable to compensate BFL for any loss arising on account of any error in the Payment Instruction.
(b) The Customer shall be bound by any Payment Instruction executed by BFL, if BFL has executed the Payment Instruction in good faith and in compliance with the instructions given by the Customer.
(c) The Customer authorizes BFL to debit Account(s) as per instructions received by way of Payment Instructions. The Customer understands that although multiple bank accounts can be linked with the UPI Facility, debit/ credit transactions can be done from the default account. Customer may change the default account before initiating such debit/ credit transactions from a different Account.
(d) The Customer shall ensure availability of funds in his Account(s) towards the fulfilment of the Payment Instruction before/ at the time of the execution of the Payment Instruction by BFL. The Customer hereby authorizes BFL to debit the Account(s) of the Customer for any liability incurred by BFL on behalf of the Customer for execution of the instruction issued by the Customer. The Customer understands and agrees that once a fund collection request is accepted, the default account will automatically be credited with such amounts as may be mentioned in the fund collection request.
The Customer understands and agrees that such amounts after being credited to default account, cannot be reversed by the Customer.
(e) The Customer agrees that the Payment Instruction shall become irrevocable when it is executed by BFL.
(f) The Customer agrees that he shall not be entitled to make any claim against RBI and/ or NPCI in respect to the UPI Facility.
(g) The Customer agrees that BFL shall not be liable for any delay in the completion of the funds transfer or any loss on account of error in the execution of the funds transfer.
(h) The Customer shall provide correct beneficiary details to BFL at the time of availing the UPI Facility. The Customer shall be solely responsible for entering wrong beneficiary details like incorrect Virtual Payment Address or incorrect mobile number or Bank account number or IFSC Code, due to which the fund are transferred to an incorrect beneficiary.
(i) The Customer agrees that the UPI Facility are offered in line with the RBI’s guidelines on mobile banking which are subject to change from time to time.
(j) Customer shall inform BFL immediately of any inquiry, question or issue raised by any authority including but not limited to any statutory authority or official regarding and relating to BFL, as well as expeditiously notify BFL of any show causes, seizure or similar action and provide copies of any notices, memos, correspondences received from such authority. Customer shall not unilaterally file any response/ reply to such an authority without any prior approval from BFL.
(k) The Customer shall be solely liable for ensuring availability of sufficient funds in the Bank Account(s) at all times for the purpose of availing the UPI Facility. The Customer agrees that in the event there are insufficient funds in the Account, BFL shall decline the transaction instruction request raised by the Customer.
(l) The Customer agrees and understands that BFL shall onboard the customer on the NPCI operated centralised mapper(s) such as 'Numeric UPI ID Mapper' to enable customer to send or receive money using a defined UPI Number (which would be your mobile number by default) and customer agrees and provides consent that such onboarding shall be done by BFL on customer’s behalf within the defined and permitted structure of NPCI. This process shall be as per directives of NPCI and shall include but not limited to sharing customer’s UPI details (collected and maintained by BFL to provide UPI services) with NPCI and linking of default bank account/ VPA to customer’s UPI Number. This would enable the customer to accept payments against customer’s UPI number. BFL shall provide the customer an option to de-link the default mapping of UPI number processed on BFL mobile application. Customer further agree to receive funds from other users registered on BFL and consent that BFL will process such transactions to customer’s linked default bank account without checking with the NPCI Mapper.
(m)
OneTime Mandate:
UPI mandate could be used in a scenario where money is to be transferred later by providing commitment at present. UPI 2.0 mandates are created with one time block functionality for transactions. Customers can pre-authorise a transaction and pay at a later date. UPI Mandates can be created and executed instantly. On the date of actual purchase, the amount will be deducted and received by the beneficiary, be it a merchant or an individual, as the case may be. Mandate execution will only happen between start date and end date. UPI ID de-registration cannot be allowed by the customer if any mandate is active and outstanding against the UPI ID. Limit per mandate is Rs. 1,00,000/- only. Mandates may be valid for a maximum period of depending on the recurrence pattern of the mandate or any other period so prescribed from time to time.
(n)
Recurring Mandate:
i.
Registration of Mandate:
In Recurring Mandate, the Customer would be able to schedule mandate through one-time authorization for a pre-selected validity period and for a defined frequency. This will allow recurring debits from the Customer’s UPI linked Account. The Mandate can be payee initiated. Mandate shall be registered with the Customer’s consent.
ii.
Modification of Mandate:
A request for modification of mandate may be sent by the Payee that initiated the mandate. The final authority to approve the modification lies with the Customer. Modifications shall be effected only with the Customer’s consent.
iii.
Pausing and Resuming the Mandate:
The payer shall have an option to pause the mandate for a duration and for such time, the mandate will remain inactive. Any transaction initiated by the payee on a paused mandate will be declined. The payer shall also have the option to resume the paused mandate during the validity period of the mandate. A mandate can be paused or resumed by the Customer only when it is authorized using his/ her UPI Pin.
iv.
Revocation of the Mandate:
Any UPI mandate, except the Loan and EMI based mandates, can be revoked/ cancelled by either of the Parties. UPI Pin is required for the payer to revoke the mandate. UPI Pin is not required when payee initiates to revoke the mandate.
v.
Additional terms relating to mandates:
(a) If the first execution date is same as mandate creation date, the customer will need to authorize the mandate creation and no separate authorization for immediate execution would be required. (b) If the first execution date is a future date, then the customer will be required to authorize the execution with requisite information including UPI PIN. (c) Ten re-attempts shall be allowed in case any execution fails due to any reasons. On failure of tenth attempt, the respective mandate execution for processing of the transaction on that particular date shall fail, however, the mandate shall be valid and active for future executions. (d) However, if the first execution of the mandate fails (inclusive of the ten re-attempts), the entire mandate will stand cancelled. (e) The upper limit for execution of the recurring mandate is Rs.15,000/-. (f) Express authentication using UPI PIN shall not be required in case the transaction value for the mandate is less than Rs. 15000/- in first 5 minutes of mandate transaction. (g) If any mandate execution/ transaction amount is for more than Rs. 15,000/-, then the customer will be required to provide express authorization, every time before execution. (h) UPI ID de-registration shall not be allowed if any mandate is active and outstanding against the UPI ID. (i) A decline of AutoPay transaction initiated for loan payments, EMI collection and to make payment of money for discharge of any legally enforceable debt or other liability, due to insufficiency of funds in customer’s bank account as outlined under Section 25 of the Payments and Settlement Systems Act will be dishonor of electronic fund transfer as per the said section and shall be deemed to be an offence under law committed by the Customer that may involve penal consequences.
6. RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF BFL
(a) BFL shall execute a Payment Instruction issued and duly authorised by the Customer, unless:
(i) the funds available in the Bank Account(s) of the Customer are not adequate or funds are not properly applicable/ available to comply with the Payment Instruction,
(ii) the Payment Instruction is incomplete, or it is not issued in the agreed form and manner prescribed by BFL (in accordance with the Guidelines),
(iii) BFL has reason to believe that Payment Instruction is issued to carry out an unlawful transaction, or
(iv) the Payment Instruction cannot be executed under the NPCI UPI System.
(b) No Payment Instruction issued by the Customer shall be binding on BFL until BFL has accepted it.
(c) BFL shall, for execution of every Payment Instruction, be entitled to debit the designated Bank Account(s) of the Customer, with the amount of the funds to be transferred together with charges payable, if any prescribed.
(d) A duly authenticated record of the transaction after completion of the funds transfer or funds collection or response to a funds collection request will be recorded in the statement of account in the mobile application of BFL. The transaction will also be recorded in the statement of account given to the Customer by the bank in which Account is maintained. The Customer shall, within a period of ten (10) days from the date of receipt of the monthly statement from Bank, report to BFL any discrepancy in the execution of the Payment Instruction.
The Customer agrees that he shall not be entitled to dispute the correctness of the execution of the Payment Instruction or the amount debited to his Account(s) if he fails to report the discrepancy within the said stipulated period.
(e) BFL for providing the UPI Facility to the Customer shall follow the process prescribed by NPCI in this regard including but not limited to process for settling of timed out transactions within the time limit prescribed by NPCI in accordance with the Guidelines.
(f) BFL shall on best effort basis endeavour to provide to the Customer the UPI VPA handle of his/ her choice, however the decision of BFL to allocate or not to allocate a requested UPI VPA shall be final and binding. BFL also reserves the right to withdraw a UPI VPA at any time if it is found to be not as per the requirements prescribed by the Guidelines. In addition, BFL reserves the right to hold, stop, delete, reset any UPI VPA used for any fraudulent activity, wrong doings, misuse, if it violates any third party intellectual property rights or under any unforeseen circumstance that may so warrant.
6A. ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES OF NPCI
(a) NPCI owns and operates the Unified Payments Interface (UPI) platform.
(b) NPCI prescribes rules, regulations, guidelines, and the respective roles, responsibilities and liabilities of the participants, with respect to UPI. This also includes transaction processing and settlement, dispute management and clearing cut-offs for settlement.
(c) NPCI approves the participation of Issuer Banks, PSP Banks, Third Party Application Providers (TPAP) and Prepaid Payment Instrument issuers (PPIs) in UPI.
(d) NPCI provides a safe, secure and efficient UPI system and network.
(e) NPCI provides online transaction routing, processing and settlement services to members participating in UPI.
(f) NPCI can, either directly or through a third party, conduct audit on UPI participants and call for data, information and records, in relation to their participation in UPI.
(g) NPCI provides the banks participating in UPI access to system where they can download reports, raise chargebacks, update the status of UPI transactions etc.
6B. ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES OF PSP BANK
(a) PSP Bank is a member of UPI and connects to the UPI platform for availing UPI payment facility and providing the same to the TPAP which in turn enables the end-user customers/ merchants to make and accept UPI payments
(b) PSP Bank, either through its own app or TPAP’s app, on-boards and registers the end-user customers on UPI and links their bank accounts to their respective UPI ID.
(c) PSP Bank is responsible for authentication of the end-user customer at the time of registration of such customer, either through its own app or TPAP’s app
(d) PSP Bank engages and on-boards the TPAPs to make the TPAP’s UPI app available to the end-user customers
(e) PSP Bank has to ensure that TPAP and its systems are adequately secure to function on UPI platform
(f) PSP Bank is responsible to ensure that UPI app and systems of TPAP are audited to safeguard security and integrity of the data and information of the end-user customer including UPI transaction data as well as UPI app security
(g) PSP Bank has to store all the payments data including UPI Transaction Data collected for the purpose of facilitating UPI transactions, only in India
(h) PSP Bank is responsible to give all UPI customers an option to choose any bank account from the list of Banks available on UPI platform for linking with the customer’s UPI ID.
(i) PSP Bank is responsible to put in place a grievance redressal mechanism for resolving complaints and disputes raised by the end-user customer.
6C. ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES OF TPAP
(a) TPAP is a service provider and participates in UPI through PSP Bank
(b) TPAP is responsible to comply with all the requirements prescribed by PSP Bank and NPCI in relation to TPAP’s participation in UPI
(c) TPAP is responsible to ensure that its systems are adequately secure to function on the UPI platform
(d) TPAP is responsible to comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines etc. prescribed by any statutory or regulatory authority in relation to UPI and TPAP’s participation on the UPI platform including all circulars and guidelines issued by NPCI in this regard
(e) TPAP has to store all the payments data including UPI Transaction Data collected by TPAP for the purpose of facilitating UPI transactions, only in India
(f) TPAP is responsible to facilitate RBI, NPCI and other agencies nominated by RBI/ NPCI, to access the data, information, systems of TPAP related to UPI and carry out audits of TPAP, as and when required by RBI and NPCI
(g) TPAP shall facilitate the end-user customer with an option to raise grievance through the TPAP’s grievance redressal facility made available through TPAP’s UPI app or website and such other channels as may be deemed appropriate by the TPAP like email, messaging platform, IVR etc.
6D. DISPUTE REDRESSAL MECHANISM
(a) Every User can raise a complaint with respect to a UPI Transaction, on the PSP app/ TPAP app.
(b) User can select the relevant transaction and raise a complaint in relation thereto.
(c) A complaint shall be first raised with the relevant TPAP in respect to all UPI related grievances/ complaints of the User. In case the complaint/ grievance remains unresolved, the next level for escalation will be the PSP Bank, followed by the Customer’s bank and NPCI, in the same order. After exercising these options, the User can approach the Banking Ombudsman and/ or the Ombudsman for Digital Complaints, as the case may be.
(d) The complaint can be raised for both the types of transactions i.e. fund transfer and merchant transactions.
(e) The User shall be kept communicated by the PSP Bank/ TPAP by means of updating the status of such User’s complaint on the relevant app itself.
7. PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS
(a) The Customer is solely responsible for the accuracy, authenticity and correctness of the Payment Instructions provided to BFL and the same shall be in the form and manner prescribed by BFL. Further such Payment Instruction would be considered sufficient for BFL to operate the UPI Facility.
(b) BFL shall not be required to independently verify the said Payment Instructions. BFL has no liability if it does not or is unable to stop or prevent the implementation of any Payment Instruction issued by the Customer. Once a Payment Instruction is issued by the Customer the same cannot be subsequently revoked by the Customer and BFL shall not be held liable in any manner whatsoever in relation to the same.
(c) BFL states that it has no liability or obligation to keep a record of the Payment Instructions to provide information to the Customer or for verifying the said Payment Instructions. BFL may refuse to comply with a Payment Instructions without assigning any reason and shall not be under any duty to assess the prudence or otherwise of any such instruction. BFL has the right to suspend the transactions with respect to the UPI Facility if it has reason to believe that the Customer’s instructions will lead to or expose to direct or indirect loss to BFL or may require an indemnity from the Customer before continuing to operate the UPI Facility.
(d) All instructions, requests, directives, orders, directions, entered by the Customer, are based upon the Customer’s decisions and are the sole and absolute responsibility of the Customer.
8. DISCLAIMER
(a) BFL does not hold out any warranty and makes no representation about the quality of the UPI Facility. While BFL shall on best effort basis endeavour to promptly execute and process the transactions as proposed to be made by the Customer, BFL shall not be responsible for any non-response or delay in responding due to any reason whatsoever, including due to failure of operational systems or any requirement of law.
(b) BFL shall not be liable for any loss, claim or damage suffered by the Customer and/ or any other third party arising out of or resulting from failure of a UPI transaction on account of time-out transaction i.e. where no response is received from NPCI or the beneficiary bank to the transaction request and/ or where mobile number or account number of the beneficiary does not exist. Further, BFL shall also not be liable for any loss, damage and/ or claim arising out of or resulting from wrong beneficiary details, mobile number and/ or account details being provided by the Customer. BFL shall under, no circumstance, be held liable to the Customer if UPI Facility access is not available in the desired manner for reasons including but not limited to natural calamities, legal restraints, faults in the telecommunication network or network failure, or any other reason beyond the control of BFL. Illegal or improper use of the UPI Facility shall render the Customer liable for payment of financial charges (to be decided by BFL) or may result in suspension of the UPI Facility to the Customer.
(c) All the records of BFL generated by the transactions arising out of the use of the UPI Facility, including the time the transaction is recorded shall be conclusive proof of the genuineness and accuracy of the transaction. For the protection of both the parties, and as a tool to correct misunderstandings, the Customer understands, agrees and authorises BFL, at its discretion, and without further prior notice to the Customer, to monitor and record any or all telephone conversations between the Customer and BFL and any of its employees or agents. BFL expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied or statutory, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, data accuracy and completeness, and any warranties relating to non-infringement in the UPI Facility.
9. INDEMNITY
The Customer hereby undertakes and agrees to indemnify at all times and hold harmless BFL, NPCI and such other third party as BFL or NPCI deems appropriate against all actions, proceedings, claims, liabilities (including statutory liability), penalties, demands and costs, awards, damages, losses and/ or expenses however arising as a result of:
i. Any breach of any applicable law, rules and regulations, Guidelines or fraud;
ii. violations of the Terms by the Customer or unauthorized use of the UPI facility;
iii. any misrepresentation or breach of representation or warranty made by the Customer contained herein;
iv. any act, neglect or default on the part of the Customer.
Customer shall also fully indemnify and hold harmless BFL and NPCI against any loss, costs, expenses, demands or liability, whether direct or indirect, arising out of a claim by a third party pertaining to the use of UPI Facility by the Customer.
10. TERMINATION
The Customer may de-register the UPI Account at any time by following process stipulated by BFL as per regulatory/ NPCI guidelines. The Customer will remain responsible for all the transactions made through the UPI Facility until the time of such termination. BFL may withdraw or terminate the UPI Facility anytime either entirely or with reference to a specific UPI Facility without assigning any reasons whatsoever. BFL may suspend or terminate the UPI Facility with prior intimation of 30 days if the Customer has breached any of these Terms.
11. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR BAJAJ PAY UPI LITE
These Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Terms and Conditions (“
BAJAJ PAY UPI LITE Terms
”) apply to and govern the Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Feature enabled by BFL in accordance with regulatory guidelines issued by NPCI. Please read these terms carefully before accessing or using Bajaj Pay UPI LITE. These Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Terms are in addition to and not in derogation of the Terms of Use of Bajaj Finserv Platform. In the event of conflict between the Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Terms and the Terms of Use, the Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Terms shall have an overriding effect. By enabling, or using, Bajaj Pay UPI LITE, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by the Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Terms.
11.1 DEFINITIONS:
In the Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Terms, the following words shall have the meanings as set below unless the context indicates otherwise. All other capitalised terms used in the Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Terms but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Terms of Use.
“
Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Balance
” means the virtual funds available in the Bajaj Pay UPI LITE wallet to be used for carrying out Transactions using Bajaj Pay UPI LITE on the Bajaj Finserv App. Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Balance reflects funds allocated by you in your Account for Transactions to be made using Bajaj Pay UPI LITE and such balance will change depending on the Transactions made from your Bajaj Pay UPI LITE wallet.
“
Bajaj Pay UPI LITE
” means the service provided to you by your Issuing Bank basis a Feature enabled on the Bajaj Finserv App whereby low value transactions can be carried out (in online mode) using an ‘on-device’ wallet.
11.2 TERMS:
You understand, agree, confirm and undertake that:
All your bank accounts linked to your UPI IDs may not be eligible for Bajaj Pay UPI LITE. You can enable Bajaj Pay UPI LITE for one bank account only in the Bajaj Finserv App.
The upper limit of a Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Transaction shall be ₹1,000/- and the total limit of Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Balance shall be ₹5,000/- at any point in time or such other limits as may be prescribed by NPCI, from time to time. You understand and agree that NPCI may revise the aforesaid limits in its sole discretion and without providing any prior intimation to you.
Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Balance in the Bajaj Finserv App is only a virtual ‘on-device’ balance and a reflection of Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Balance allocated by you in your bank account. No interest is payable on the Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Balance. You further understand that actual money or funds with respect to Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Balance are never transferred to or received by NPCI from your Issuing Bank. The actual money / funds with respect to your Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Balance is held and maintained with your Issuing Bank.
Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Balance can be replenished by making a top up Transaction i.e., allocate / add more funds to Bajaj Pay UPI LITE from your bank account.
Your cumulative daily spend limit is capped at ₹10,000/- i.e., you cannot do Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Transactions beyond the above limit per day. You understand and agree that NPCI may revise the aforesaid limits in its sole discretion and without providing any prior intimation to you.
Bajaj Pay UPI LITE can be accessed, and Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Transactions can be carried out by simply logging in to the Bajaj Finserv App downloaded on your phone by entering your phone/device biometric or pattern validation details. You understand that separate Authorisation or UPI PIN is not required for carrying out Transaction using Bajaj Pay UPI LITE.
Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Transactions other than top up Transaction will not be displayed in the statement (passbook) of your bank account. You will receive SMS once a day for Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Transactions from your Issuing Bank containing details of Transactions carried out during the day and the available Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Balance.
In the event you disable Bajaj Pay UPI LITE in the Bajaj Finserv App, your unutilised Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Balance, if any, will be credited to your bank account by your Issuing Bank. Any refund or reversal of funds under a Transaction will appear in your bank account only and not in the Bajaj Finserv App.
Before you change your mobile phone/device or in case you are going to uninstall the Bajaj Finserv App, you shall disable Bajaj Pay UPI LITE from your old mobile phone/device and move the Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Balance back to your bank account. If you fail to disable Bajaj Pay UPI LITE from your old phone/device your Issuing Bank will not be able move the Bajaj Pay UPI LITE balance available in your Bajaj Pay UPI LITE back to your bank account. However, if you inform the Issuing bank for the same, your Issuing Bank will try on best efforts basis to refund any Bajaj Pay UPI LITE balance available in your Bajaj Pay UPI LITE wallet.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Bajaj Finserv App password and other details associated with Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Transactions.
You are solely responsible for all Transactions/activities performed (in online mode) using your password or the mobile phone/ device on which Bajaj Pay UPI LITE is enabled. If you know or suspect that someone else knows your Bajaj Finserv App password, you should immediately take appropriate steps to change the same. You shall not hold BFL responsible for any unauthorised Transactions made from your bank account using Bajaj Pay UPI LITE including Transactions made by entering your log in Pin/password of the App. BFL shall not be liable to you or any other person for any loss or damage which may arise as a result of any failure by you to protect your password or User account on App or in otherwise complying the Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Terms.
In case your mobile phone/device/ handset is misplaced, lost, stolen or damaged, you shall request your Issuing Bank immediately to block the Bajaj Pay UPI LITE wallet. Considering Bajaj Pay UPI LITE is a ‘on device’ wallet, upon your phone/device being misplaced, lost, stolen or damaged, your Issuing Bank will try on best efforts basis to refund any Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Balance available in your Bajaj Pay UPI LITE wallet.
Any disputes pertaining to enablement, top up or disablement of Bajaj Pay UPI LITE shall be referred to and handled by your Issuing Bank.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Terms, BFL reserves the right to deny the enablement of Bajaj Pay UPI LITE to you, suspend access to or terminate your User account on the App, or require you to change your password, at any time in its sole discretion and without any prior notice or liability to you or any other person. The Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Terms shall be read in conjunction with the Terms of Use of the App. The Bajaj Pay UPI LITE Terms and Terms of Use of the App shall together form the entire agreement between you and NPCI with respect to Bajaj Pay UPI LITE.
11.3
TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE ON BAJAJ PAY UPI LITE AUTO TOP-UP
Customer hereby acknowledges that:
BFL by virtue of the automatic addition of money to Bajaj Pay UPI Lite (“UPI Lite auto top up”) has provided an option to the Customer to automatically maintain Bajaj Pay UPI Lite balance by adding money on a recurring basis when the balance in the Bajaj Pay UPI Lite account goes below Rs. 100/-.
Customer can use UPI as a payment mode for auto top up of UPI Lite balance. The Customer shall not be able to use any other payment mode for auto top up of UPI Lite balance.
By doing so the Customer shall be required to enter the desired amount that the Customer wishes to add when balance in the Bajaj Pay UPI Lite balance goes below Rs. 100/-. Further the Customer also has an option to choose amongst the options provided by BFL.
The maximum amount customer can choose to be added in Bajaj Pay UPI Lite account is Rs. 2000/-. At no point of time, the Bajaj Pay UPI Lite balance could be beyond Rs. 2000/-.
UPI Lite auto top up cannot be done more than 5 (five) times in a day. In the event of failure in adding money from the saved payment mode, not more than 5 attempts in a day shall be made by BFL to execute the Bajaj Pay UPI Lite auto top up.
BFL reserves the right at its sole discretion to decide the payment modes eligible for Bajaj Pay UPI Lite auto top up and/or increase the number of payment modes and/or removal of such payment modes.
Customer shall be solely responsible for the accuracy of the details of the payment modes provided by the Customer and shall in no manner whatsoever hold BFL liable for any such detail or changes as made by the Customer.
A sum of Re. 1/- (Rupee One only) shall be debited from the Customer’s UPI linked bank account towards Bajaj Pay UPI Lite auto top up transaction which shall be credited to the Bajaj Pay UPI Lite Balance of the Customer.
The Customer expressly authorizes BFL to add money in its Bajaj Pay UPI Lite Balance automatically on a recurring basis in furtherance to the Bajaj Pay UPI Lite auto top up instruction by debiting the Customer’s UPI linked bank account as and when the balance of Bajaj Pay Wallet goes below Rs. 100/-.
Customer has the option to pause / disable / revoke UPI Lite auto top up. In the event the Customer deactivates the Bajaj Pay UPI Lite auto top up, Customer’s minimum Bajaj Pay UPI Lite balance will not be maintained. In such scenario, the Customer will be required to separately add money to the Bajaj Pay UPI Lite.
BFL shall communicate with the Customer through App notifications or SMS in connection with Bajaj Pay UPI auto top up load.
That BFL shall not be liable for any losses or damages suffered by the Customer on account of the use of recurring payments for Bajaj Pay UPI Lite auto top up, including as a result of any fraud in connection with payment towards Bajaj Pay UPI Lite auto top up using the saved payment modes.
12. Terms and Conditions for usage/linking of RuPay Credit Card on UPI (Unified Payments Interface)
These terms and conditions shall be applicable to the linking of Credit Card to UPI facility provided / facilitated by BFL in accordance with the guidelines, circulars and/or regulations issued by the Reserve Bank of India ("RBI") and/or National Payments Corporation of India ("NPCI") from time to time ("Guidelines") subject to the terms and conditions herein specified.
12.1 Definitions:
Beneficiary
means a person or an entity essentially a Merchant holding a valid Bank Account, to whom the Payer initiates payment through the Bajaj Pay UPI.
Merchant/s
shall mean and include online, mobile based and offline merchants who provides goods and services in exchange for payment through UPI.
Payer
means a person holding a valid and active UPI Account and who intends to pay money to the Beneficiary through the Bajaj Pay UPI.
Transaction
means a payment initiated through the Bajaj Pay UPI for debiting the Payer’s Account and a corresponding credit to the Beneficiary’s Account. A Transaction could be either a UPI Payments based pay or collect payment transaction.
Transaction Amount
means the amount entered by the Payer while initiating a Transaction using Bajaj Pay UPI, that is to be transferred from the Payer’s Account to the Beneficiary’s Account as a part of such Transaction.
UPI Functionality
means the UPI based electronic fund transfer and fund collection facility provided by BFL to Cardholders on RuPay Network through the NPCI UPI System as per the Guidelines.
UPI ID or Virtual Payment Address or VPA
means a unique payment identifier issued to a Cardholder that can be used to identify the Cardholder’s Account linked by the Cardholder to such UPI ID for carrying out Transaction.
UPI Payments:
means Unified Payment Interface (UPI) based payment facilities offered to the Cardholder by their Issuing Bank/ entity or Beneficiary Bank/ entity (i.e., pay someone (push) or collect from someone (collect or pull) transaction), that are enabled on the BFL UPI Application to enable a Cardholder to make UPI based payments through the BFL UPI Application.
UPI PIN
: means authentication credentials set by the Cardholder, which shall be entered by the Cardholder for authentication and completion of the Transaction through the BFL UPI Application.
Cardholder
shall mean the holder of the Rupay Credit Card.
12.2
The UPI functionality is only available to Credit Cards on Rupay network.
12.3
In line with NPCI Guidelines, during credit card onboarding on the Bajaj Finserv App, the device binding and UPI PIN setting shall include and be construed as customer consent for credit card enablement for all types of transactions on UPI.
12.4
Currently, payment using Credit Card on UPI functionality is limited only to Primary Cards. This is currently not available for Add-on/ Supplementary cards.
12.5
UPI PIN is a 6-digit or 4-digit number to authenticate UPI transactions. UPI PIN can be set/ reset/ changed only on Bajaj Finserv App. UPI PIN is different from the Credit Card PIN which is a 4-digit number.
12.6
Cardholders are responsible for the confidentiality of their Account’s password and the UPI PIN and are solely responsible for all activities that occur using their Account’s password, UPI PIN and mobile phone on which the Bajaj Finserv App is installed.
12.7
This UPI functionality is only applicable to Peer-to-Merchant (P2M) transactions.
12.8
Peer-to-Peer (P2P), Card-to-Card (C2C), Card to Bank and Peer-to-Peer-Merchant (P2PM), transactions are not allowed.
12.9
Cash withdrawal is not available on UPI on Credit Card facility.
12.10
Cardholders are required to check the details of each transaction before entering UPI PIN to authorize the transaction.
12.11
Cardholders would also have the option of checking ‘available balance & outstanding amount’ in the linked RuPay Credit Card. Customer understands that under this facility, ‘available balance & outstanding amount’ as provided by NPCI shall be displayed. BFL shall neither be liable for any failure or delay in providing such balance details nor for any error or inaccuracy of such information.
12.12
Fuel surcharge reversal will not be applicable to UPI transactions through RuPay credit cards
12.13
Reward points accrual for transactions using Credit Card on UPI will be as per the Reward Point program defined by Credit Card Issuing bank for the particular card being used.
12.14
The availability of UPI Payments also depends on the availability or downtime of UPI services at, or systems of, the NPCI, PSP Bank, the remitting bank / entity and or the beneficiary bank.
12.15
UPI transactions through Credit Cards are applicable only on select Merchant categories only.
12.16
Cardholders shall notify BFL immediately of any unauthorized use of their password or UPI PIN or any other breach of security related to their UPI ID.
1
2.17
Cardholders agree and understand that UPI transactions shall be subject to restrictions like maximum transaction amount or maximum daily limits or periodic limits that may be imposed by BFL or the Issuing entity or by the NPCI, from time to time and cardholders shall at all times be bound by such limits and restrictions.
1
2.18
Cardholders agree and undertake that they shall keep BFL harmless against any consequence and risk that may arise due to any UPI transactions undertaken by them through the Bajaj Pay UPI and they shall be solely responsible for any liability incurred in execution of any instruction issued and/or Transactions initiated through the Bajaj Pay UPI.
12.19
Usage of the RuPay Credit Card on UPI by the Cardholder/Customer shall be construed as his/her acceptance of these Terms and Conditions, mentioned herein.
13 TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UPI GLOBAL
13.1
“UPI Global” means the process introduced by NPCI for initiating UPI transactions (P2M Transactions) at feasible and select international locations to merchants enrolled to UPI ecosystem by NPCI. The payment flow shall be similar to normal UPI merchant transactions where a Customer scans a QR (UPI Global QR, local QR, static or dynamic QR, as the case may be) or raises a collect request, enters the amount, and authorizes it with a UPI PIN. For the purpose of using UPI International, Customers have to manually enable the desired bank account/s in the UPI Facility and activate their international payments with a UPI PIN. International Payments can be activated from any location i.e., within India or outside India. If users scan an international QR before activation, then they will be asked to complete activating UPI Global first and then complete their payment. Based on user’s request, Bajaj Finserv App shall activate the bank accounts opted by the users for UPI Global transactions. The feature for International UPI can be enabled by the Customer for a maximum period of 90 days. The facility will be disabled on expiry of 90 days or on a specific request from the Customer. This period may be revised by BFL from time to time in line with the relevant directions from NPCI and PSP Bank in this regard. Users may also deactivate this feature in their settings on the Bajaj Finserv App prior to expiry of 90 day period through UPI PIN authentication process.
13.2
For all UPI Global transactions, the amount will be entered in the local currency of that country where the transaction is taking place. In real time, the amount will also be shown in Indian National Rupees (INR) based on the forex rates & mark up. All UPI Global transactions will be visible in transaction history of Bajaj Finserv App. Customer acknowledges and agrees to all charges applicable for UPI Global transactions including any processing fee that is levied by the Issuing Bank. Customer also understands and agree that fluctuations in the currency rates during the transaction may result into dynamic charges levied at the end of the transaction with reference to charges displayed at initiation of transaction.
14.TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UPI CIRCLE
These terms and conditions (“UPI Circle Terms”) apply to and govern the UPI Circle (Defined Below) feature on Bajaj Finserv App. Please read UPI Circle Terms carefully before accessing or using UPI Circle.
The UPI Circle Terms are in addition to and not in derogation of the terms and conditions governing the use of Bajaj Finserv Platform (“Terms of Use”). By enabling, or using, UPI Circle, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by the UPI Circle Terms.
14.1 DEFINITIONS:
In the UPI Circle Terms, the following words shall have the meanings as set below unless the context indicates otherwise. All other capitalized terms used in the UPI Circle Terms but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Bajaj Finserv Platform Terms of Use.
“
UPI Circle”
means the feature that enables a Primary User to authorize a Secondary User to link his/her UPI ID with the UPI ID of such Primary User and to make UPI payments/transactions, on a Full Delegation or Partial Delegation basis. In case of Full Delegation, Primary User can assign the maximum limit to Secondary User for making such payments/transactions (i.e. the maximum amount of funds that can be utilized from the bank account held in the name of Primary User for making the aforesaid UPI payments/transactions).
“
Full Delegation
” means the method/mode using which a Primary User can authorize a Secondary User to initiate and complete UPI Circle transactions as per defined maximum spends limits.
“
Partial Delegation”
means the method/mode using which a Primary User can authorize a Secondary user to initiate and complete a UPI Circle based transaction subject to Primary User authorizing the said transaction by entering his/her UPI PIN.
“
Primary User”
means an individual using the Bajaj Finserv App for availing UPI based services/facilities and is delegating payments to a Secondary User using UPI Circle feature of UPI available in the Bajaj Finserv App.
“
Secondary User
” means a user of UPI who is authorized by Primary User to make UPI Circle transactions from the bank account of Primary User linked to UPI.
14.2 TERMS:
You understand, agree, confirm and undertake that:
1. For Primary User:
You shall be solely responsible to verify and validate the UPI ID and mobile number of the Secondary User before linking his/ her UPI ID with your UPI ID and authorize him / her to make UPI transactions under UPI Circle, to ensure that the correct person is authorized as Secondary User.
You can modify or revoke the authorization granted to Secondary User for UPI Circle.
You will have access to and visibility of all the transactions made by Secondary User under the UPI Circle.
You represent that you are aware of the identity of the Secondary User and shall, in the course of using UPI Circle, comply with the laws of India as applicable.
You shall be solely responsible for all transactions and actions performed by Secondary User added/ authorized by you under UPI Circle. You shall not hold Bajaj Finance Limited (BFL) and NPCI responsible for any un-authorized transactions made by your Secondary User using UPI Circle. BFL and NPCI shall not be held liable by you or any other person for any losses, damages and liabilities which may arise as a result of any act or omission by you or by the Secondary User in complying with any terms and conditions applicable to UPI Circle. BFL does not verify, check or monitor the transaction made by the Secondary User using UPI Circle.
In the event no transactions are carried through Bajaj Finserv App using UPI Circle for such period as may be prescribed from time to time, the relevant Secondary User’s authorization to conduct UPI Circle transactions may be suspended or terminated.
2. For Secondary User:
By accepting the request to link your UPI ID to the UPI ID of the Primary User under UPI Circle, you hereby agree to share your name, phone number, UPI ID and transaction details with the Primary User and other third parties involved in the processing of UPI Circle transactions.
You can de-link your UPI ID with the Primary User at any time.
3. Other Terms:
At any point in time a maximum limit of ₹15000 per month allowed for making transactions through UPI Circle in Full Delegation.
At any point of time maximum limit of ₹5000 is allowed per transaction for making transactions through UPI Circle in Full Delegation.
In cases of Partial Delegation by the primary user, the daily UPI transaction limit of primary user shall be available for the secondary user.
Under Full Delegation a Secondary User’s UPI ID can be linked with the Primary User’s UPI ID for a maximum term of 5 years and a minimum term of 1 month.
After successful authorization and linking of the UPI ID of the Secondary User with the Primary User, there will be a cooling period of 30 minutes during which no transaction shall be allowed to be initiated.
Notwithstanding anything mentioned in points 2 and 3 of clause 3, after successful authorization, the maximum permissible transaction limit for the secondary user, irrespective of Full delegation or Partial Delegation shall be of ₹5000 for the first 24 hours.
Every Primary User shall be permitted to have a maximum of 5 (five) secondary users; however, a secondary user shall only be permitted to have 1 (one) primary user.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the UPI Circle Terms, BFL reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access to UPI Circle services, or require you to change your App password or UPI PIN, at any time in its sole discretion and without any prior notice to you.
The UPI Circle Terms shall be read in conjunction with the Terms of Use. The UPI Circle Terms and Terms of Use shall together form the entire agreement between you and BFL with respect to UPI Circle. In the event of conflict between the UPI Circle Terms and the Terms of Use, the UPI Circle Terms shall have an overriding effect.
C. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF BILL PAYMENT SERVICES OVER BAJAJ FINSERV PLATFORM.
These following terms and conditions shall be applicable to the Customer for availing and using Bill Payment Services over Bajaj Finserv Platform for making payment towards Billers through an authorized Bharat Bill Payment Operating Unit i.e. namely
PayU Payments Private Limited
(“
PayU
”) duly empowered by National Payment Corporation of India (“
NPCI
”) and RBI on the terms & conditions appearing herein below in addition to the covenants mentioned in Terms of Use.
BFL also offers a wide range of bill payment services (“Bill Payment Services”) to facilitate the Bill Payments with regard to numerous establishments that are not covered under the NPCI’s BBPS that are supported by Biller Aggregator like IndiaIdeas Com Limited, (hereinafter referred to as “BillDesk”) and PayU Payments Private Limited (hereinafter referred to as “PayU”).
DEFINITIONS
“
Bajaj Finserv Account
” shall have the meaning that is ascribed to the same under Clause 1(a) of the Terms of Use above.
“
Agent Institution
” shall mean agents onboarded by BBPOU as customer service points for provision of BBPS Services. BFL is facilitating the Bill Payment Services in the capacity of an Agent Institution after being duly onboarded by PayU (BBPOU).
“
BBPCU
” shall mean Bharat Bill Payment Central Unit i.e NPCI a single authorized entity operating BBPS (defined below).
"
BBPS
” shall mean Bharat Bill Payment System Services under the supervision of NPCI/ RBI.
“
BBPOU
” shall mean Bharat Bill Payment Operating Units to function in adherence to the standards set by the BBPCU. PayU is the authorised BBPOU under the present arrangement.
“
Biller
” shall have the meaning ascribed to the term in the Procedural Guidelines of NPCI.
“
Biller Aggregator
” shall mean and include IndiaIdeas.Com Limited and PayU with whom, BFL has direct arrangements for facilitating Bill Payment Services with respect to the Billers that are not covered under the NPCI’s BBPS framework.
"
Bill
" shall mean the amount paid by the Customer to Merchant via Agent Institution for Bill Payment (defined below) which will include convenience/ service charge (if any) and all other taxes, duties, costs, charges and expenses (if any).
“
Bill Payment
” shall mean the bill paid by the Customer, wholly or in part for the utility/ other services provided by the Merchant.
“
Bill Payment Services
” shall mean and include the bill payment services through the BBPOU duly covered under NPCI’s BBPS framework and also the bill payment services wherein BFL has direct arrangement with Bill Payment Aggregators like IndiaIdeas and PayU.
“
Customer
” shall mean the individual who wish to avail Bill Payment Services over Bajaj Finserv Platform for making payments towards identified Billers.
“
Merchant
” shall mean the merchant providing products/ services to the Customer
“
OFF-US
” shall have the meaning ascribed to the term in the Procedural Guidelines of NPCI, where’re the biller and payment collecting agent belong to different BBPOUs other than PayU;
“
ON-US
” shall have the meaning ascribed to the term in the Procedural Guidelines of NPCI, where biller and payment collecting agent belong to PayU.
“
Guidelines
” herein refers to Implementation of Bharat Bill Payment System – Guidelines dated November 28th, 2014 and/ or requisite guidelines issued by NPCI or guidelines provided by any appropriate authority, from any from time to time including any/ all amendments, additional circulars, as the case may be.
“
Sponsor Bank
” herein means the bank as designated by PayU from time to time, which shall be responsible for processing and settlement of Off-Us Bill.
"
Transaction
" shall mean every order or request placed by the Customer either as On-Us transaction or Off-Us transaction through Bill Payment Services on the Bajaj Finserv Platform, for making payment for Bill to the Biller while using and accessing the Bajaj Finserv Platform.
(a) BFL is facilitating Transactions in its capacity of Agent Institution through BBPOU, which is an entity duly authorized by RBI and NPCI to function in adherence to the Guidelines.
(b) Customer acknowledges that BFL is only a facilitator and it is not involved in the actual settlement of payment, any concerns or disputes in relation to the same shall be taken up with the concerned BBPOU and or the Biller Aggregators.
(c) Customer undertakes and affirm to avail Bill Payment Services through Bajaj Finserv Platform:
(i) BBPOU and/ or Sponsor Bank or any other internet payment gateway platform may levy charges as per their respective policy(s) including but not limited to their terms of use for availing the Bill Payment Services. Customer is solely responsible to read, and understood such terms of use before using or availing Bill Payment Services;
(ii) Customer’s access to Bill Payment Services through the Bajaj Finserv Platform may be suspended or terminated or blocked or disabled permanently if BFL has reasonable grounds to suspect that information provided by the Customer are untrue, inaccurate, incomplete, or not in accordance with the Terms of Use or the terms provided herein or are in contravention to any Guidelines or in case of any suspicious or fraudulent activity from your Bajaj Finserv Account.
Customer shall be solely liable and accountable to keep his/ her OTP, PIN, Debit Card details, Credit Card Details and Bank account details confidential and safe from any unauthorized use. Customer accept and acknowledge that BFL shall not be liable in any manner whatsoever if such details are disclosed by compromising the confidentiality with other which may lead to an unauthorised usage or access and cause loss/ damage to the Customer.
(iii) Customer’s Complaints, if any, related to Bill Payment Services and/ or failed payments, refunds, chargebacks, pending payments as well as payments done to an incorrect bank account or UPI id should be directly taken up with the concerned BBPOU whose contact details are mentioned Clause 30 of the Terms of Use above or with the Biller Aggregator, as the case may be and the same shall be handled in accordance with applicable law.
(iv) BFL at its sole discretion may change or discontinue the relationship with BBPOU and Biller Aggregators and onboard any other authorized BBPOU entity or Biller Aggregators with notice to the Customer from time to time.
(v) The Customer accepts that any transaction carried out or attempted to carry shall be governed by the (a) the policies of BBPOU, (b) the policies of Merchants/ Billers, and the requisite Guidelines and these Terms of Use.
(d) You agree that you are not permitted to commercially offer the bill payment options for making payments towards bills that do not belong with you.
(e) You understand and acknowledge that you will be solely liable for inaccuracy of any information provided by you to BFL. BFL shall in no manner be responsible to verify the authenticity or correctness of the information provided by you. Once you furnish any details as regards to a Biller on the Bajaj Finserv Platform, you authorize BFL to fetch the bill details, using the information furnished by you. You may be able to view your current and future bill details as and when they are available.
(f) You agree that it shall be your responsibility to ensure to verify the bill details carefully before carrying out any transactions. BFL shall be not responsible for any discrepancy in the bill details and in such event, you would be required to coordinate with the Biller.
(g) You also agree that BFL may send notifications to you by setting up reminder facility for your Billers. You may also enable the auto payment facility by expressly consenting the same. You understand that transactions once carried out and the payments once made to the Billers for bill payment services shall be non-refundable.
(h) You agree that upon Relevant Billers being identified BFL or Bajaj Finserv App shall from time-to-time fetch from the Relevant Billers or through BBPS payment system, the bill details and payment status in relation to your account with the Relevant Billers, and BFL or Bajaj Finserv App may display such information to You on the Bajaj Finserv App and/ or send You reminders for Your outstanding dues towards such Relevant Billers.
(i) BFL shall not be responsible for any duplicate standing instructions or delayed payments towards the Billers, or any penalty/ interest levied by the Biller upon you.
(j) You shall be responsible for keeping a track of your periodic bills, subscription fee and recharge expiries and or due dates of any utilities/ services or recurring charge services that you have availed and BFL shall not be responsible for any technical issue related to periodic retrieval of the bills from the Billers or any errors/ discrepancies in the Bills.
(k) You understand and agree that BFL is only a facilitator of payments and is not a party to the payments. BFL may utilize the information including but not limited to the consumer number, subscription id, bill number or registered mobile number, registered telephone number, account id/ customer id, or such other identifier(s) which are required to fetch the outstanding payment(s) due/ subscription or bill value, subscription plan, due date, and such other information necessary to facilitate the bill payments.
(l) You agree and authorize BFL to communicate with the Biller, third party service providers, aggregators with your account information for processing the transaction.
(m) BFL may levy service charges, Customer Convenience Fees (“CCF”) for any Bill Payment transaction on the Bajaj Finserv Platform and Platform fee for prepaid mobile recharge(s). Service charges or CCF, if any, shall be displayed on the transaction screen prior to the payment being initiated. The Service Charges or CCF and Platform Fee can also be viewed under Schedule 1 herein. The Platform Fee is a nominal fee charged to Customers for using Bajaj Finserv Platform while making recharges and bill payments. This fee applies regardless of the mode of payment. Whereas the CCF is charged to cover the costs associated with the transactions. The Platform fee and CCF amount may vary basis the payable amount.
(n) It is clarified the term “Convenience Fee” mentioned in Bajaj Finserv Android App versions 9.0.5 and 10.0.0, mean, imply and should be read as “Platform Fee” alone.
(o) There may be charges for access, third party payment or such other data fees from third party payment participants and/ or Billers which you expressly agree and shall not hold BFL liable for the same.
(p) The payment realization varies from Biller to Biller and You understand that BFL shall process the bill payments only upon receiving valid instructions from you. BFL shall not be in any manner responsible for the delays/ reversals or failure of transaction.
Terms And Conditions Applicable for Bajaj Pay Credit Card Hub available at Bajaj Finserv Platform
These Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) govern your access to and use of the Bajaj Pay Credit Card Hub Services made available by BFL through the Bajaj Finserv Platform, which offers services including email integration for fetching credit card statements, linking credit cards via credit bureau reports, sending reminders, providing credit card bill payment options, and generating smart statements. By accessing or using the Bajaj Pay Credit Card Hub services, you agree to be bound by these Terms.
1. Service Description: BFL through the Bajaj Pay Credit Card Hub provides the following services to its Customers:
Email Integration: Access and retrieve credit card statements from your email account.
Credit Card Identification: Identification of credit card accounts and linking the same from the information provided by the Customer while making payments towards the credit card bills or while carrying out transactions over Bajaj Finserv Platform using Credit Cards.
Reminders: Get reminded about upcoming credit card bill payments.
Payment Services: Get an option to pay your credit card bills using Bajaj Pay Services.
Smart Statements: Generate snapshots from the credit card statements to identify hidden charges, spending trends, and other insights based on your credit card transaction history.
2. User Consent and Authorization: By using the Bajaj Pay Credit Card Hub services, you explicitly provide your consent and authorization for the following:
If you authorize the linkage and connection of your email account, we may access the email account to collect the following information:
credit card bill specifics such as total amount due, minimum amount due and due date and transactional information;
details regarding other bills such as utility bills;
details regarding spends done on the credit card, bill payment related to credit card.
you retain the right and may revoke the email permission access by amending access permissions by visiting the Google Account’s third-party connections page.
BFL’s access to your email account(s) is facilitated through the email provider's access mechanism. If you authorize Bajaj Finserv Platform to track your credit card accounts, Bajaj Finserv Platform shall securely store account particulars for each email account, including your sign-in user name and authorization tokens for tracked accounts.
Email reading is restricted to the emails that are related to credit card statements, bill payments, biller details, and BFL does not access any personal emails. For clarity, BFL employs automated processes for accessing and analyzing information provided by you, which may involve our algorithm to access a password-protected credit card statements.
Credit Information: You authorize BFL to retrieve your credit information from Credit Information Companies (CICs) using your credit bureau reports. The information obtained will be used to identify your credit card accounts with Bajaj Pay Credit Card Hub and provide bill reminders, bill payment services, insights, smart statements etc.
Data Use: You consent to the collection, storage, and processing of your personal data, including transaction history, for providing services such as reminders, payment services, and smart statements.
Communication: You consent to receiving notifications and reminders regarding due credit card bills and other relevant information from the Bajaj Finserv Platform.
3. Accuracy of Information: While BFL endeavours to ensure the accuracy of the information fetched from your email and CIC reports, we do not guarantee its correctness. You acknowledge that the data retrieved from these sources may contain errors, and it is your responsibility to review and verify the information before taking any actions, such as making payments or relying upon the smart statement.
4. Credit Card Bill Payment Services: You may use the Credit Card Bill Payment feature on Bajaj Finserv Platform for making payments towards your credit cards after agreeing to be remain bound by the Bajaj Finserv Terms of Use and these terms and conditions that govern the transactions related with credit card bill payments using the Bajaj Finserv Platform.
You agree that you are not permitted to commercially offer the credit card bill payment options for making payments towards credit card bills that do not belong with you.
You shall be responsible for all the information that you furnish and input while using the Bajaj Finserv Platform including the Credit Card Bill Payments feature.
In particular you are responsible and agree to ensure the correctness of
Details of the credit card for which payment is being made;
Details of the payment instrument from which the payment is being made;
The amounts of transaction.
You understand that you shall be fully responsible to verify the transaction/ Credit Card details/ Beneficiary details/ mode of payment before carrying out the transaction. BFL shall not be responsible to reverse the transaction or in any manner liable for any inaccuracy of information provided by you while carrying out any transaction authorised by you. In the event you input any of the details incorrectly, you will be responsible for the resultant transaction and all charges that result from the same.
REFUNDS: In case, money has been debited from the source account however, not credited to your credit card within 5 to 7 days from the transaction time, in such an event you may raise a request with the customer support section of the BFL in accordance with clause 30 (Grievances) above. However, BFL disclaims any and all liability, including for refunds, in the event of any error arising from a failure in the applicable bank, card network or any other intermediary credit card service provider’s systems or networks.
5. Smart Statements: While using the Bajaj Pay Credit Card Hub services you can generate smart statements to help you identify hidden charges, spending trends, and other insights based on your credit card transaction history. While BFL aims to provide accurate and meaningful insights, we do not guarantee the completeness or accuracy of these statements.
D. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF IMMEDIATE PAYMENT SERVICE (“IMPS”) BASED ELECTRONIC FUND TRANSFER
BFL shall provide IMPS to the Account holder on a best effort basis in accordance with the applicable guidelines, circulars, regulations and directions issued by the Reserve Bank of India and/ or National Payments Corporation of India (collectively “
IMPS Regulations
”) with these terms being in addition to and not in derogation of the above-mentioned applicable IMPS laws issued from time to time. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, all the Terms of Use governing Bajaj Finserv Services shall continue to apply and be read in conjunction with the terms stated herein below:
(a)
Immediate Payment Service
(
“IMPS”
):
“Immediate Payment Service” (hereinafter referred to as “IMPS”/ “Fund Transfer System”), is an instant, 24*7, interbank, electronic fund transfer service provided by National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI).
(b)
Inward and Outward Remittances of funds through the Fund Transfer System
(i) The Bajaj Finserv Platform Services holder’s (“Account Holder”) of BFL hereby agrees to have the inward and outward fund transfer facility.
(ii) Remittance of funds through the Fund Transfer System shall be subject to the IMPS Regulations in force from time to time.
(iii) Upon the completion of a successful transaction, the Account Holder’s account will be debited or credited, as the case may be, as immediately with the amount of the transaction effected by the Fund Transfer System.
(c)
Rights and Obligations of the Account Holder
(i) The Account Holder shall be responsible to issue payment instructions through IMPS in the complete and accurate form and shall be liable to compensate BFL for any loss arising on account thereof.
(ii) The Account Holder shall be bound by all his payment instructions through IMPS, if BFL has executed the same in good faith and in accordance with the Account Holder’s instructions.
(iii) The Account Holder shall ensure sufficient adequacy of funds in his Account at all times prior to initiation of any payment instruction through IMPS.
(iv) The Account Holder acknowledges that due to the real time nature of IMPS, the payment instructions through IMPS shall be irrevocable.
(v) BFL shall not be liable to process payment instructions through IMPS issued by the Account Holder in the event of the following:
a) The funds available with the Account Holder are insufficient.
b) The payment instructions through IMPS are incomplete or are inaccurate in any manner whatsoever.
c) If BFL is of the view that the payment instructions through IMPS have been issued to carry out an unlawful and/ or suspicious transaction.
(d)
Fees and Charges
(i) The fees and charges applicable for availing the Fund Transfer System facility shall be as per the rates displayed on BFL’s website and on Bajaj Finserv App before initiating the fund transfer. BFL may at its sole discretion update such fees and charges without providing any prior intimation to the Account Holder.
(ii) Any government charges, duty or debits, or tax payable as a result of outward or inward remittances of funds through the Fund Transfer System shall be the responsibility of Account Holder and, if imposed, BFL shall debit such charges, duty or tax from the account of the Account Holder.
(iii) BFL will not be responsible for fee, if any, levied by the beneficiary bank for outward fund transfer and by remitter bank for inwards fund transfer.
(e)
Transaction Details
(i) The Account Holder’s passbook/ statement would reflect all the transactions carried out through the Fund Transfer System.
(ii) SMS alerts may be sent to the Account Holder for an IMPS transaction done, as per BFL’s terms.
(f)
Transaction Disputes
(i) If there is a dispute regarding transactions listed in the statement, You must inform BFL within 60 days of the transaction reflecting in the passbook/ statement. BFL will conduct investigation and revert on such transactions.
(ii) In case dispute is settled against the Account Holder, BFL may accordingly debit the amount from wallet account. In case the dispute is settled in favour of the Account Holder, BFL will credit the amount accordingly.
(iii) BFL will not be responsible for recovering the money in case the Account Holder initiates fund transfer to an unintended or incorrect account.
(g)
Termination
The Fund Transfer System shall only exist during the existence of the Account Holder’s account with BFL. BFL shall have the right to terminate the Fund Transfer System facility with prior intimation of 30 days upon the occurrence of any of the following events:
(i) Failure to adhere to or comply with the terms and conditions (including Terms of Use) herein set forth, or
(ii) If the Account Holder decides to close his/ her Account with BFL;
(iii) On receipt of information of demise of the Account Holder.
E. TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE FOR BAJAJ PAY FASTAG
Bajaj Pay FASTag is a simple and reusable tag based on Radio-Frequency Identification Technology (RFID) that will be affixed on a vehicle’s windscreen. Each FASTag is linked to a registered Bajaj Pay wallet to facilitate instant automatic deduction of toll charges. This program is part of the National Electronic Toll Collection (NETC) initiative rolled out by NPCI under the guidelines of National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) & Indian Highway Management Company Limited (IHMCL).
Only one FASTag can be issued against any particular vehicle at any given point of time, in case customer reaches to BFL for new FASTag issuance, customer has to ensure that earlier issued FASTag against same vehicle are destroyed and demolished. In case the customer fails to destroy the FASTag, he will be charged from both the FASTags until one of them is destroyed/deactivated and inform the earlier FASTag issuer that issued FASTag has been destroyed. The below Terms and Conditions apply to the RFID enabled prepaid FASTag (“FASTag”) facility made available to you (“Customer”) by BFL which shall be read in conjunction to the Terms of Use of the Bajaj Finserv App and the Bajaj Pay Wallet terms and conditions unless the Terms of Use and the Bajaj Pay Wallet Terms conflict with the terms stated herein below:
By submitting the application, the Customer shall be deemed to have agreed and accepted the Terms and Conditions. BFL may issue the Bajaj Pay FASTag only to Customers who are making application for the FASTag and agreeing to the applicable terms and conditions in the form and manner prescribed by BFL from time to time.
Migration of FASTag from Bajaj Pay Wallet to FASTag wallet (sub-wallet under Bajaj Pay Wallet) (Applicable to existing FASTag Customers who recharge their FASTag)
For existing FASTag customers, migration to FASTag Wallet will be done at the time when the such Customers undertake a transaction to recharge their FASTag. Migration to FASTag Wallet and of the Bajaj Pay Wallet balance shall be in accordance with the below scenarios
•
Customers holding a Bajaj Pay Wallet balance of less than or equal to ₹5000/-, at the time of FASTag recharge, their FASTag Wallet shall be created and entire Bajaj Pay Wallet balance along with the recharge amount shall be transferred / migrated to the FASTag Wallet
•
Customers holding a Bajaj Pay Wallet balance of more than ₹5000/- at the time of FASTag recharge, their FASTag Wallet shall be created and an amount of ₹5000/- along with the recharge amount shall be transferred / migrated in FASTag Wallet. Remaining balance shall remain as is in the Bajaj Pay Wallet.
Mandatory migration of FASTag from Bajaj Pay Wallet to FASTag wallet (sub-wallet under Bajaj Pay Wallet) (Applicable to existing FASTag Customers who donot recharge their FASTag within 1 months)
Customers who do not recharge the FASTag for a period of 5 months from the date of applicability of FASTag Wallet, they shall be mandatorily migrated to FASTag Wallet. Migration to FASTag Wallet and of the Bajaj Pay Wallet balance shall be in accordance with the below scenarios.
•
Customers holding a Bajaj Pay Wallet balance of less than or equal to ₹5000/-, who donot recharge their FASTag within 5 months from the date of applicability of FASTag Wallet, their FASTag Wallet shall be mandatorily created and
entire Bajaj Pay Wallet balance
shall be transferred / migrated to the FASTag Wallet.
CUSTOMER COMMUNICATION:
•BFL shall issue frequent and timely communications to Customers regarding their FASTag Wallet creation and migration updates, recharge and transaction alerts, policy or process changes.
•Communications shall be sent via SMS, email, app notifications, or other channels as may be deemed fit by BFL.
•Customers are responsible for keeping their contact details up to date to receive such communications.
CUSTOMER’S RIGHT TO OPT OUT OF THE MIGRATION PROCESS
•Customers who do not wish to migrate to the FASTag Sub Wallet may choose to opt out of the migration process by raising a request through the official BFL customer service channels (e.g., app, website, or customer care) before the migration is initiated or post migration as well.
•If a Customer Opt-Outs of the migration process, such Customer would not be able to use and access Bajaj Pay FASTag. The Bajaj Pay FASTag shall get deactivated and FASTag balance, if any, shall be refunded to such Customer as per process.
Bajaj Pay FASTag holder shall prior to availing the FASTag services from BFL obtain appropriate advice and shall familiarize himself with the associated risks and all the terms and conditions pertaining to the FASTag Service. FASTag holder further verify all facts and statutory provisions and seek appropriate professional advice including the relevant tax implications.
The FASTag shall be used for the purpose of making applicable toll payments at designated toll plazas on the highway through the Electronic Toll Collection (“ETC”) enabled lane. The list of designated toll plazas is made available at
https://www.netc.org.in/netc-ecosystem-statistics
.
The FASTag may also be used for making payment towards Parking fee at select parking lots that accept payments through FASTag, and/or towards fuel at select fuel stations accepting payments through FASTag or other retail payments as may be allowed by NPCI from time to time.
The Customer who wishes to avail the FASTag shall be required to have standard Bajaj Pay Wallet, within which a sub wallet (i.e. FASTag Wallet) shall be created. Such wallet (FASTag Wallet) shall have predefined monetary limits.
Wallet holder may also get access to the FASTag Wallet which will be a part of the Bajaj Pay Wallet and the maximum monetary limit as specified in the RBI guidelines and amendment from time to time shall apply to the combined limit of the Bajaj Pay Wallet and FASTag Wallet.
Any charge levied by the establishment on the purchase made by the wallet holder using the FASTag Wallet shall be settled by such FASTag Wallet holder with the establishment directly and BFL shall not be responsible for the same.
All spends by Wallet holder from the FASTag Wallet should be in compliance with the applicable laws. Wallet holder agree that FASTag Wallet shall be used by FASTag Wallet holder solely for the purpose of purchase of ETC enabled toll tickets from relevant establishments who have agreed to redeem the amount from the FASTag Wallet section and have an arrangement with BFL in this regard.
FASTag Wallet holder agree and confirm that no P2B (Personal to Bank transfer), P2P (Peer to Peer) and no cash out are permitted from FASTag Wallet balances.
Bajaj Pay FASTag can also be purchased through online E-commerce channel through Bajaj Finserv App and Website located at URL www.bajajfinserv.in. Once customer provide the details, FASTag to be sent to Customer / FASTag Wallet holder through courier services at the address provided by the Customer / FASTag Wallet holder.
Based on the information provided by the Customer / FASTag Wallet holder through the online application form, Customer’s Bajaj Pay FASTag will be allocated to the Vehicle, details of which are provided by the Customer / FASTag Wallet holder.
Customer / FASTag Wallet holder has to provide valid copy / digital copy of the following documents for FASTag issuance as and when required by BFL.
Front and back side of vehicle Registration Certificate (RC);
Clear and legible front and side image of the vehicle and FasTag. Front image shall clearly capture affixation of the FASTag and vehicle registration number. Side image shall carry capture the vehicle axles. A clear image of the issued tag shall be captured.
BFL may from time to time demand from the Customer / FASTag Wallet holder any other necessary details including but not limited to vehicle details, photograph of vehicle with FASTag affixed on it etc for Bajaj Pay FASTag activation in order to validate the documents.
Pst FASTag issuance, Customer / FASTag Wallet holder has to submit mandatory documents as mentioned above within 3 days. Failure of furnishing such documents shall entitle BFL to hotlist or close the FASTag.
BFL may at any time call upon the Customer / FASTag Wallet holder to furnish photographs/images of the vehicle. In the event the Customer / FASTag Wallet holder fails to provide such photographs/image within such time and as per such criteria as stipulated by BFL, BFL shall be entitled to set-off, adjust or appropriate any amount as suffered or incurred by BFL due to such aforementioned failure of the Customer / FASTag Wallet holder, from any monies of the Customer / FASTag Wallet holder lying with BFL.
Customer hereby understands and acknowledges that in case BFL receives a vehicle class mismatch/ incorrect toll fare dispute from an NETC acquiring bank/ toll plaza and BFL, after reviewing evidences available, is unable to debit the disputed amount due to low balance in the customer’s Wallet, BFL shall be forthwith entitled to hotlist, blacklist and / or close Fastag against which such dues are payable and recover the outstanding dues, if any, from the security deposit without any prior or further notice. As a consequence, the Customer shall be unable to undertake any further transactions on the Fastag until the disputed amounts are recovered from the Customer.
Customer is responsible to ensure that Bajaj Pay FASTag is affixed only on the vehicle against which it has been ordered. Customer agrees that in the event Customer enters into the FASTag lane without a valid FASTag affixed to the vehicle, the Customer shall be liable to pay a fee equivalent to two times of the fee applicable to the category of vehicles.
FASTag activation takes 24-48 business hours post issuance.
The FASTag holder shall forthwith notify to BFL of any change in his/ her address for communication as submitted with BFL at the time of ordering/ activating the Bajaj Pay FASTag. The responsibility shall be solely of the FASTag holder to ensure that BFL has been informed of the correct address for communication.
BFL shall be providing transactional alerts through short messaging system message on the registered mobile number for that FASTag with BFL.
The FASTag holder shall act in good faith at all times in relation to all dealings with BFL.
The FASTag holder shall be fully responsible for wrongful use of the Bajaj Pay FASTag .
The Customer need to inform BFL of any loss or theft of Bajaj Pay FASTag. In case the Customer finds a lost or stolen FASTag, please inform BFL immediately. Any loss or theft of the FASTag shall be immediately reported to BFL.
In the event where Customer fails to report the loss or theft of FASTag to BFL, BFL shall at no time be responsible for any liability arising out of or in relation to the lost or stolen FASTag or any misuse of the FASTag by any of the Customers or its representative. FASTag issued to the Customer shall at all times remain the property of BFL. In case of replacement of FASTag, Customer will be charged with the replacement fee upto Rs. 100/-. FASTag is non-transferable but can be cancelled as per the policies of BFL.
In case the FASTag remains unused or wallet is not refilled for a period of 6 months with a due balance amount, the FASTag Wallet will be closed with prior intimation to the Customer / FASTag Wallet holder and such FASTag shall not be accepted at any Toll Plazas for the purpose of payment of toll.
At any stage FASTag wallet threshold balance gets exhausted due to transactions done at the toll plazas and wallet reaches to a due balance state, due balance may be adjusted from the Customer’s security amount deposited at the time of FASTag issuance. Customer has the rights to suspend/ terminate the FASTag services for the desired period/ permanently respectively either by Bajaj Pay Customer Support or by web portal.
On termination of the FASTag any outstanding amount, whether or not already reﬂected in the statement and, the amount/ charges incurred after termination, shall become forthwith due and payable by the Customer as though they had been so reﬂected, and interest will accrue thereon as may be applicable in terms of BFL’s policies or process from time to time.
The Customer shall continue to be fully liable for BFL for all charges incurred on the FASTag prior to termination.
Communication of termination or request to surrender of the FASTag shall be issued by BFL by way of SMS and/ or app notification and shall be deemed be given to the Customer when such communication is received by the Customer on his registered mobile number as per the records of BFL. The Customer agrees to destroy and/ or surrender the FASTag to BFL, or its representative, upon being requested to do so. The Customer may not use the FASTag after communication of termination has been received by him/ her.
Bajaj Pay FASTag is valid only in India.
The FASTag issued by BFL to the Customer shall be mandatorily affixed by the Customer or authorized representative of the BFL on the vehicle of Customer with the license plate number or chassis number specified by the Customer in the application. The FASTag is not transferable and only be used for the specific vehicle on which the FASTag has been affixed by the authorized representative of BFL.
The Customer shall be required to pay certain amount towards FASTag fee plus applicable taxes and towards security deposit that shall be determined basis the type of vehicle (Please click on
https://www.bajajfinserv.in/all-fees-and-charges
to view the charges).
The FASTag shall be activated subject to approval of application by the BFL and a minimum amount being loaded on the FASTag by the Customer such funds shall be loaded on the Bajaj Pay Wallet after deduction of applicable charges/ fees etc., payable by the Customer to BFL for availing the FASTag.
Customer shall ensure to keep the FASTag safe. The Customer shall be bound to comply with these terms and conditions and all the policies stipulated by BFL from time to time in relation to the FASTag. BFL may, at its sole discretion, refuse to accept the application and to issue the FASTag to the Member.
The BFL shall at no time be responsible for any surcharge levied and debits made at the Tolls.
All transaction undertaken at a participating Toll plaza, Parking lot or fuel station shall be conclusive proof that the charge is recorded or such requisition was properly incurred for the amount by Customer using the Bajaj Pay FASTag except where the FASTag has been lost, stolen or fraudulently misused, the burden of proof for which shall be on the Customer.
Customer shall at no time exceed the expenditure at the toll plaza, parking lot or fuel stations than the amount available in his Wallet.
BFL reserves the right to bill the Customer for any due balance in its sole discretion.
The Customer agrees to pay BFL promptly for the due balance.
BFL also reserves the right in its sole discretion to cancel/ terminate the FASTag should the Customer create one or more due balance with the FASTag.
BFL reserves unto itself the absolute discretion to decline to honor the transaction requests on the FASTag, without assigning reason thereof.
Customer has the right to cancel his/ her FASTag at any time after submitting such documents and information as may be required by the BFL and also, remove the FASTag from the vehicle and destroy the FASTags. The FASTag Wallet balance amount (if any) shall be returned to Customer / FASTag Wallet holder in Bajaj Pay Wallet. Closure of Bajaj Pay Wallet shall automatically result into closure of the FASTag.
BFL Customer care can be reached for any enquiries pertaining to the FASTag. Customers shall immediately inform the BFL in case they find any irregularities or discrepancies in any transaction undertaken with the FASTag.
The Customer will be liable to pay BFL, upon demand, all amounts outstanding from the Customer to BFL.
The holding and use of the FASTag will incur fees which will be debited to the balance available in the Bajaj Pay Wallet Account.
FASTag issuance or replacement fee is non-refundable
All issued tags which are more than 5 years old are to be replaced.
If Customer has requested a new FASTag for the vehicle on which FASTag is already issued, then the older FASTag mapped to the vehicle will be added into Low balance further followed by Tag Closure within 15 days.
Any Government charges, duty on debits, or tax payable as a result of the FASTag shall be the Customers responsibility and if imposed upon BFL (Either directly or indirectly), BFL shall debit such charges, duty on tax against the balance available on the FASTag there will be separate service charges levied for such facilities as may be announced by BFL from time to time and deducted from the balance available on the FASTag. In the situation that the balance available on the FASTag is not suﬃcient to deduct such fees, BFL reserves the right to deny in further transactions. The Customer also authorizes BFL to deduct from the balance available on his Bajaj Pay Wallet to balance out the FASTag minimum threshold balance, and indemniﬁes the BFL against any expenses it may occur in collecting money owed to it by the Customer in connection with the FASTag. (Including without limitation reasonable legal fees). BFL may levy services and other charges for use of the FASTag, which will be notiﬁed by the Customer from time to time by updating this terms and conditions. The Customer authorizes to recover all charges related to the FASTag as determined by BFL from time to time by debiting the balance available on the Bajaj Pay Wallet. Details of the applicable fees and charges as stipulated by BFL shall be displayed on the Platform.
The FASTag holder shall indemnify BFL to make good any loss, damage, interest, or any other financial charge that BFL may incur and/ or suffer, whether directly or indirectly, as a result of FASTag holder committing violations of these Terms and Conditions.
The FASTag holder will indemnify and hold BFL harmless for any/ all actions, proceedings, claims, liabilities (including statutory liability), penalties, demands and costs, awards, damages and losses arising out of wrongful use or cancellation (wrongful or otherwise) of a Bajaj Pay FASTag Service.
The Customer agrees to indemnify and keep indemniﬁed BFL against all and any claims, suits, liability, damages, losses, costs charges, proceedings, expenses, and actions of any nature whatsoever made or instituted against BFL or incurred by BFL on account of usage of the FASTag. “BFL may, at its sole discretion, utilize the services of external service provider’s/ or agent’s/ and on such terms as required or necessary, in relation to its products/ services.
The Customer hereby agrees to indemnify and hold BFL indemniﬁed from and against and all actions, claims, demands ,proceeding, losses ,damages costs, charges and expenses whatsoever which BFL may at any time incur or be put to as consequence of or by reason of or arising out of providing the FASTag to the Customer or by reason of BFL’s act of taking/ refusing/ omitting to take action on the Customer instructions, and in particular arising directly or indirectly out of negligence, mistake, misconduct or dishonesty relating to any Transaction by the Customer. The Customer shall also indemnify BFL fully without prejudice to the foregoing, BFL shall be liability whatsoever to the Customer in respect of any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly out of any act of any third party including but not limited to the toll plaza’s deduction of amounts from the FASTag.
F. Bajaj Mall Listing Services Terms
The collection, verification, audit, and maintenance of correct and updated information is a continuous process and BFL reserves the right, at any time, to take steps necessary to ensure compliance with Applicable Law/ regulation. BFL reserves the right to discontinue services/ reject applications for availing any/ all Bajaj Mall Listing Services at any time if there are discrepancies in information and/ or documentation provided by you at the time of registration or otherwise.
Any information provided to BFL with the intention of availing its services, shall vest with BFL, and may be used by the BFL at its discretion, in accordance with these terms and conditions, for the purpose consistent with the Applicable Law or regulation.
BFL has the right to call for additional documents/ information to the extant as may be required in accordance with Applicable Law.
You, by accessing/ logging in, browsing or otherwise using the Bajaj Mall Listing Services hereby represent and warrant that, you:
i. are a citizen of India.
ii. completed the age of 18 years and attained the age of majority;
iii. are duly authorised either in your individual capacity or under the capacity of being an Authorised Signatory of an Entity;
iv. are capable of entering into a legally binding agreement; and
v. are not barred or otherwise legally prohibited, from accessing or using the Bajaj Mall Listing Services.
vi. are the sole owner of Bajaj Finserv Account and cannot have more than one Bajaj Finserv Account at any point of time and if you allow any individual to use your Bajaj Finserv Account, such usage being not appropriate and not permitted by BFL in any manner, and you shall be solely responsible for any consequences thereof and for all actions taken in and/ or through Bajaj Mall Listing Services.
You hereby agree that BFL has adopted industry standard security procedures to carry out your verification through one-time electronic acceptance/ confirmation/ authentication either through a registered mobile phone number or through any electronic/ web platform and/ or through your email id, submitted to BFL, in conjunction with the password for signing into the Bajaj Mall Listing Services and/ or the passcode set by you for undertaking any transactions and/ or any other procedure as informed by BFL, from time to time. You hereby convey your full comprehension of and acceptance to the abovementioned security procedures followed by BFL and further agree and understand that any unauthorized disclosure, access, breach and/ or use of the same can put the security of your account at risk.
You shall have the option to withdraw your consent after fulfilling the pending contractual obligations, if any, to BFL and in accordance with prevailing law/ regulation applicable for such withdrawal. After fulfilling the contractual obligations, you are at liberty to refrain from using Bajaj Mall Listing Services. However, your continued use/ availing of the Bajaj Mall Listing Services would be construed as deemed acceptance of these Terms of Use and its associated policies mentioned hereof, including any modification thereof.
You agree NOT to use Bajaj Mall Listing Services: (i) for making any fraudulent transactions, and (ii) for purposes that are unlawful, illegal or forbidden by these Terms of Use or under any Applicable Laws. BFL may, at its sole discretion, at any time and without prior notice or liability, impose additional requirements and restrictions or suspend, terminate or restrict your access to Bajaj Mall Listing Services (or any portions thereof).
You shall not be able to conclude any transaction here and be informed that Bajaj Mall is not an e-commerce platform and will only provide information about the products and services provided by the Merchants/Dealers.
DICLAIMER
Bajaj Mall is an electronic platform of BFL for communication of offers extended by Merchants /Manufacturers/Dealers in connection with their respective Products. BFL does not guarantee or make any representation with respect to the offers made by the Merchants /Manufacturers/Dealers. Further, BFL is not selling/rendering any of these products/services from its Bajaj Mall. BFL is not responsible for the displaying the content or information of the Products as provided by these Merchants /Manufacturers/Dealers external websites accessed via the links provided on the Bajaj Mall. BFL does NOT provide any warranty, express or implied, about the validity of such external websites. Thus, BFL is not liable for sale/quality/features/fulfilment/features of the product/services selected for purchase by the customer on the Bajaj Mall. No online end to end purchase transaction is permitted and Customer shall reach out to the outlets / showrooms of the Merchants /Manufacturers/Dealers to complete the purchase formalities.
BFL is also not liable for processing of any cashback offered/funded (partially/fully) by the Merchants /Manufacturers/Dealers. Any dispute regarding Merchants /Manufacturers/Dealers cashback/discounts is to be taken up directly with respective Merchants /Manufacturers/Dealers and BFL has no role of whatsoever in this regard. BFL cannot be held liable or cannot be made party for such dispute(s).
BFL has no control over any data shared by customer on the website/applications of Merchants /Manufacturers/Dealers. Neither BFL nor its affiliates are liable for any use of such customer data by Merchants /Manufacturers/Dealers, their agents etc.
By clicking this link, you will be redirected to a third-party content/website of Merchants /Manufacturers/Dealers who might place cookies on their website/URL for different reasons. BFL is not responsible for the same. Your activity may be tracked going forward. For more information, you are requested to visit the website/cookies policy/ privacy policy to understand the same.
By clicking on I Agree button, you agree to the terms and conditions mentioned in this disclaimer and you will be redirected to the merchant content/website.
G. Terms and Conditions for Central Bank Digital Currency (CBDC) Services
These Central Bank Digital Currency (“CBDC”) / Digital Rupee or e₹ Terms and Conditions ("e₹ T&Cs") govern your access and use of the e₹ wallet and related services offered by BFL in the capacity of a Non-Bank Payment Service Operator (NBPSO), in collaboration with Yes Bank Limited (“Sponsor Bank”). BFL are a NBPSO authorized by Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”), National Payments Corporation of India (“NPCI”) to facilitate payments through Sponsor Bank. BFL is a service provider and has participated in CBDC through the Sponsor Bank. BFL is bound by the tripartite agreement entered with the Yes Bank Limited and NPCI. We are responsible for facilitating grievances / complaints resolution of the customers on-boarded on our e₹ Application. BFL shall be the first point of contact for all e₹ related grievances/complaints for customers on-boarded by us. In case the complaint/grievance remains unresolved, the next level for escalation will be the Sponsor Bank, followed by the Customer Bank Account and NPCI in the same order. After exercising these options Customer can approach the Banking Ombudsman and / or the Ombudsman for Digital Complaints, as the case may be, as provided under Clause 17 below.
These e₹ T&Cs shall be read in addition to and in conjunction with the Terms of Use.
1. Definitions
For the purposes of e₹ T&Cs",
“
CBDC” / “Digital Rupee” / “e₹”
is India’s Central Bank Digital Currency (CBDC). It is the digital form of India’s physical currency, the Rupee (₹). e₹ is issued by RBI in digital form and offers features similar to physical cash like convenience of use, guarantee of RBI, finality of settlement, etc. e₹ is stored in the user’s digital wallet (“e₹ Wallet”) and can be used to receive / send money, and / or make payment for transactions, just like any physical ₹ note.
“
Customer”
refers to the individual who uses the CBDC payment facility to send and receive payments.
“
Customer Bank Account”
refers to the bank account owned, maintained and operated by the Customer that has been linked for the purpose of debiting / crediting the payment transactions made through CBDC.
“
Digital Rupee Transaction”
refers to loading, redeeming and transfer of Digital Rupee (whether for the purchase of goods and services or for fund transfer) through Bajaj Finserv App.
“
Deregistration”
shall mean permanent deletion of e₹ Wallet by Customer.
“
e₹ Wallet”
is a digital wallet that is issued by BFL over Bajaj Finserv App and can be opened on Customer’s mobile phone / device. e₹ Wallet stores the Digital Rupee, similar to the physical wallet / purse that stores the physical currency. e₹ Wallet is available and supported both on Android and iOS mobile devices.
“
e₹ Application”
means Bajaj Finserv App.
“
e₹ Wallet PIN
” shall mean the 6 digit security PIN set by the user during registration process, which will be used to authenticate Digital Rupee Transactions, e
₹
Wallet Recovery, and Deregistration.
Non-Bank Payment Service Operator (“NBPSO”)
is an entity that provides the CBDC compliant app(s) to the end-user customers to facilitate CBDC based payment transactions. BFL is the NBPSO for the purposes of these Terms.
National Payments Corporation of India (“NPCI”)
is an authorized payment system operator by RBI. RBI owns and NPCI operates CBDC payment system.
Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) is the central bank of India and owns the Central Bank Digital Currency - Digital Rupee. It authorizes the participation of entity in the Digital Rupee system. Also responsible for approval of procedures, use cases and business decisions.
“
Sponsor bank”
is the banking company authorized to act as a Retail Token Service Provider (RTSP) under the CBDC framework. Sponsor bank engages the NBPSO to provide CBDC services to the end-user Customers.
“
Merchant”
shall mean an entity that accepts CBDC via BFL's acquiring channels.
2. Scope of CBDC
e₹ is a legal tender, in a digital form, issued by RBI. It is thus, exchangeable with the fiat currency. On the Bajaj Finserv App, Customer will be able to set up their e₹ Wallet and conduct Digital Rupee Transactions subject to limits and functionalities set up by RBI, NPCI, BFL and Sponsor Bank from time to time. BFL will provide the e₹
Application to Customers which will use the infrastructure provided by BFL, which in turn will use the infrastructure provided by NPCI and RBI for facilitating Digital Rupee Transactions.
Customer understands that e₹ Application can only be used if they have e₹ Wallet with BFL.
e₹ can be sent and received from users who hold e₹ Wallet provided either by BFL or any other e₹ wallet provider.
e₹ Wallet Services are enabled to provide digital cash facility to the Customer which is part of valid e₹ Wallet account linked with Customers Bank Account.
The e₹ Wallet will be made inactive with due notification in case of inactivity of any financial transaction for more than 365 days, These e₹ Wallet can be reactivated only after validation and applicable due diligence. BFL shall inform the Customer of the same at least 45 (forty-five) days prior to the date of such closure by sending a communication in this regard via SMS/e-mail or by any means in the language preferred by holder at the time of issuance of e₹ Wallet over registered contact details provided by Customer to BFL. In the event that there is an outstanding balance in e₹ Wallet, all the tokens in the e₹ Wallet of the Customer will be converted to fiat currency and transferred to the Customer’s Bank Account. BFL further reserves the right to block the Customer’s e₹ Wallet, if Customer is involved in any suspicious transaction and/or any transaction in gross violation of the rules and regulations issued by the RBI, including but not limited to rules and regulations under Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002 and any amendments thereto. In such an event, BFL shall report the matter to RBI and shall also freeze Customer’s e₹ Wallet until the receipt of findings, and clear report from RBI in this regard. .
In the process of enabling e₹ Wallet services, electronic funds as may be available in e₹ Wallet, while such funds are parked with the Sponsor Bank it will reflect on the homepage of the e₹ Application.
Any limit to the electronic funds shall be identified basis certain parameters by the e₹ Application in its sole discretion and in line with the RBI/NPCI guidelines issued from time to time.
e₹ Wallet service can be further replenished with funds from the Customer’s Bank Account that was linked with the e₹ Wallet.
Any available electronic fund balance shall not be subject to any interest charge of whatsoever nature.
Any refund or reversal of funds under a transaction will appear in your e₹ Wallet only.
3 .Know Your Customer (“KYC”) Requirements
a. Features of the e₹ Application shall differ basis completion of KYC requirements by the Customer.
Existing Full KYC Customers with verified KYC shall only be able to have an e₹ Wallet with BFL. The non-KYC Customers will have to complete KYC process using the KYC completion modes as may be offered by BFL from time to time.
i. Post KYC completion and verification, customers shall be able to have an e₹ Wallet
4. Rights and Obligations of Customers
a. Customers shall be entitled, subject to following Terms, to conduct Digital Rupee Transactions on the e₹ Application.
b. Customer agrees and undertakes that it shall keep BFL harmless against any consequence and risk that may arise due to any Digital Rupee Transactions on the e₹ Application and shall be solely responsible for any liability incurred by Customer in execution of any instruction issued via e₹ Application.
c. The Customer further agrees and acknowledge that:
i. BFL is only a facilitator of the Digital Rupee Wallet Transaction initiated by the Customer and shall not be responsible for any transaction processed basis the instructions and information provided by the Customer. BFL will not be responsible for the products, services or any other transaction in respect of which e₹ Wallet is used to make or receive payments and the Customer shall not have any claim against BFL in this regard. BFL shall not be a party to any refund, chargeback or other disputes between the payer, receiver and/or their respective banks arising out of use of e₹ Wallet by the Customer. BFL shall have zero liability or responsibility to share any data with any entity in case of a dispute or claim.
ii. The instructions for e₹ Wallet and Digital Rupee Transactions shall be issued by the Customer, in the form as prescribed by BFL, which is complete in all particulars. The Customer shall be responsible for the accuracy of the particulars given in the instructions and shall be liable to compensate BFL for any loss arising on account of any error in the instruction.
iii. BFL disclaims all liability for execution of any instruction in good faith and in compliance with the particulars given by the Customer.
iv. The Customer authorises BFL to collect and store its personal information, KYC and other demographic details for the purposes of creation of e₹ Wallet.
v. Customer understands that the e₹ is a bearer instrument and that whoever owns e₹ at the given point in time, such e₹ would be assumed to be owned by them.
vi. The Customer shall ensure availability of funds in Customer’s Bank Account(s) and/or e₹ Wallet, as the case may be, towards the fulfilment of the instruction. The Customer hereby authorizes BFL to debit the e₹ Wallet of the Customer for any liability incurred by BFL on behalf of the Customer for execution of the instruction issued by the Customer.
vii. The Customer agrees that any instruction given by the Customer for any Digital Rupee Transaction shall become irrevocable when it is executed by BFL.
viii. The Customer agrees that it shall not be entitled to make any claim against RBI and/or NPCI in respect of Digital Rupee Transactions.
ix. The Customer shall provide correct and accurate details on the e₹ Application in the format prescribed by BFL. The Customer shall be solely responsible for entering incorrect details including details for conducting Digital Rupee Transactions. BFL shall not conduct any independent verification of any details provided by the Customer.
x. The Customer shall not hold BFL responsible for any damage, claim, and issue arising out or in connection with any purchase of goods / services from Merchants. The Customer understands and agrees that all such losses, damages and issues shall constitute a claim against such Merchants.
xi. Customer shall inform BFL immediately of any inquiry, question or issue raised by any authority including but not limited to any statutory authority or official regarding and relating to BFL, as well as expeditiously notify BFL of any show causes, seizure or similar action and provide copies of any notices, memos, correspondences received from such authority. Customer shall not unilaterally file any response / reply to such an authority without the prior approval and vetting by BFL.
xii. Customer hereby understands that as part of registration process e₹ Application will require the Customer to undergo device binding process through which Customer’s mobile device’s details will be verified and stored with BFL. Customer hereby consents and authorize BFL to conduct such device binding and store Customer’s device details for the purposes of providing the Digital Rupee Application.
xiii. Customer shall be solely responsible for keeping its e₹ Wallet PIN confidential and not share it with any third party. You agree to notify BFL immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or e₹ Wallet PIN or any other breach of security related to Digital Rupee Transactions on e₹ Wallet. If you know or suspect that someone else knows your password or e₹ Wallet PIN, you should immediately notify BFL and take appropriate measures to change the same.
xiv. BFL shall not be liable to any person for any loss or damage which may arise as a result of any failure by you to protect your password or e₹ Wallet PIN or Customer Account or in otherwise complying the provisions here. BFL shall not be responsible for any liability arising out of use, whether authorized or unauthorized, of Customer’s credentials by a third party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in these e₹ T&Cs, BFL reserves the right to deny the enablement of e₹ Wallet services to you, suspend access to or terminate your account, or require you to change your password or e₹ Wallet PIN, at any time in its sole discretion and without any notice or liability to anyone.
xv. Full KYC Customers can send Digital Rupee to Customers registered with BFL’s e₹ Wallet using such Customer’s mobile number. For this purpose, Customer hereby gives BFL consent to access Customer’s contacts on their mobile to enable BFL to provide this facility.
xvi. Customer understands that Digital Rupee Transaction may or may not be displayed in the official statement of Customer’s Bank Account(s) due to technical considerations in enablement of e₹ Wallet. Customer is required to coordinate with the account issuing Bank for any clarity on such aspects.
xvii. Customer understands that e₹ Wallet Recovery is possible using e₹ Wallet PIN and same mobile number with which the Customer had completed the registration. In case, customer loses the device (or) device/app reset (or) new device, customer will be able to do a e₹ Wallet Recovery. If Device is rooted, then the customer are not allowed to recover. In case the Customer forgets the e₹ Wallet PIN, Customer will have to reset the e₹ Wallet PIN to do e₹ Wallet Recovery.
xviii. Customer understands that internet connectivity is necessary for conducting any Digital Rupee Transactions and Digital Rupee Transactions conducted while Customer’s devise in offline mode shall not be processed.
5 .Roles & Responsibilities of NPCI
a. RBI owns and NPCI operates the Central Bank Digital Currency (CBDC) platform
b. RBI, NPCI prescribes rules, regulations, guidelines, and the respective roles, responsibilities and liabilities of the participants, with respect to CBDC. This also includes transaction processing and settlement, dispute management and clearing cut-offs for settlement.
c. RBI, NPCI approves the participation of RTSP Banks, Sponsor Banks, Non-Bank Payment Service Operators (NBPSO) in CBDC.
d. NPCI provides a safe, secure and efficient CBDC system and network.
e. NPCI provides online transaction routing, processing and settlement services to members participating in CBDC.
f. RBI, NPCI can, either directly or through a third party, conduct audit on CBDC participants and call for data, information and records, in relation to their participation in CBDC.
g. NPCI provides the banks participating in CBDC access to system where they can download reports, raise chargebacks, update the status of CBDC transactions etc.
6. Rights and Obligations of BFL
a. BFL is not obliged to accept and execute every instruction given by the Customer. BFL may at its discretion, accept or reject any instruction of Customer, if it deems fit.
b. BFL may review the Digital Rupee Transactions for identifying high risk transactions and reserves the right to not process the Digital Rupee Transaction if it believes it to be suspicious, fraudulent or unusual and report the Digital Rupee Transaction, e₹ Wallet details to law enforcement agencies or other regulatory authorities as applicable or notified by law.
c. NBSPO is a service provider and participates in CBDC through Sponsor/RTSP Bank
d. NBSPO is responsible to comply with all the requirements prescribed by Sponsor/RTSP Bank and RBI, NPCI in relation to NBSPO’s participation in CBDC.
e. NBSPO is responsible to ensure that its systems are adequately secure to function on the CBDC platform.
f. NBSPO is responsible to comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines etc. prescribed by any statutory or regulatory authority in relation to CBDC and NBSPO’s participation on the CBDC platform including all circulars and guidelines issued by RBI, NPCI in this regard.
g. NBSPO must store all the payments data including CBDC Transaction Data collected by NBSPO for the purpose of facilitating CBDC transactions, only in India.
h. NBSPO is responsible to facilitate RBI, NPCI and other agencies nominated by RBI/ NPCI, to access the data, information, systems of NBSPO related to CBDC and carry out audits of NBSPO, as and when required by RBI and NPCI.
i. NBSPO shall facilitate the end-user customer with an option to raise grievance through the NBSPO’s grievance redressal facility made available through NBSPO’s CBDC app or website and such other channels as may be deemed appropriate by the NBSPO like email, messaging platform, IVR etc..
7. Roles and Responsibilitiesof Sponsor Bank
a. Sponsor/RTSP Bank is a member of CBDC and connects to the CBDC platform for availing CBDC payment facility and providing the same to the NBSPO which in turn enables the end-user customers / merchants to make and accept CBDC payments
b. Sponsor/RTSP Bank, either through its own app or NBSPO’s app, on-boards and registers the end-user customers on CBDC and links their bank accounts to their respective CBDC ID.
c. Sponsor/RTSP Bank is responsible for authentication of the end-user customer at the time of registration of such customer, either through its own app or NBSPO’s app
d. Sponsor/RTSP Bank engages and on-boards the NBSPOs to make the NBSPO’s CBDC app available to the end-user customers
e. Sponsor/RTSP Bank has to ensure that NBSPO and its systems are adequately secure to function on CBDC platform
f. Sponsor/RTSP Bank is responsible to ensure that CBDC app and systems of NBSPO are audited to safeguard security and integrity of the data and information of the end-user customer including CBDC transaction data as well as CBDC app security
g. Sponsor/RTSP Bank has to store all the payments data including CBDC Transaction Data collected for the purpose of facilitating CBDC transactions, only in India
h. Sponsor/RTSP Bank is responsible to give all CBDC customers an option to choose any bank account from the list of Banks available on CBDC platform for linking with the customer’s CBDC ID.
i. Sponsor/RTSP Bank is responsible to put in place a grievance redressal mechanism for resolving complaints and disputes raised by the end-user customer
8. Transaction / e₹ Wallet Limits
a. These limits are subject to regulatory guidelines (CBDC Procedural Guidelines) and may be reduced by BFL basis risk assessment of the customer(s).
i. Per Digital Rupee Transaction limit: ₹10,000
ii. e₹ Wallet holding limit: ₹1,00,000
iii. Digital Rupee Transaction limit in cooling period (first 24 hours): ₹5,000
iv. Outward transfer limit within 24 hours: ₹ 50,000/-
v. Limit on redemptions within 24 hours: ₹ 1,00,000/-
vi. Max number of P2P transactions (30 days): 100
b. BFL reserves the right to reduce the aforementioned limits without any prior written intimation to the customer.
9. Fee and Charges
a. You shall be responsible to pay fees / charges, that may be applicable to Digital Payment Transactions executed through e₹ Application and e₹ Wallet and / or any feature thereof, to BFL or to such third party, as the case may be. Further, the fee applicable in relation to the e₹ Wallet services are provided for in the Schedule I below. BFL shall have full right in its sole and absolute discretion to determine nature and quantum of fee / charges that may be applicable to the Digital Rupee Transactions executed through e₹ Application.
b. The current charges (which may be changed in future at our sole discretion and after giving due notice) can be viewed by you at https://www.bajajfinserv.in/all-fees-and-charges and the same shall be applied prospectively.
10. Merchant Transactions
a. Customer understands that merchants onboarded by BFL may accept e₹ as a valid payment mode. Also, as e₹ by its very nature is interoperable, the e₹ wallet can be used to make payments on any merchant, having valid QR code.
b. Merchants must ensure proper disclosure of pricing, refund, and complaint policies.
c. Any refunds will be made in e₹ or in INR through an alternate valid channel, subject to RBI directions.
11. Sharing of Information
a. The Customer irrevocably and unconditionally authorises BFL to access and use all information of the Customer’s Account(s) and records received while providing the e₹ Application and services under it and share such information with BFL employees//auditors, regulators, statutory authorities, or credit bureaus/credit rating agencies, Central Know your customer Registry, or BFL’s service providers or any such person with whom BFL contracts or proposes to contract in relation to the provision of the e₹ Application and to enable Digital Rupee Transactions, for the purposes of providing the Digital Rupee Application including on-boarding formalities and to enable Digital Rupee Transactions.
b. The Customer agrees and consents that BFL and its affiliates (or their contractors/service providers) may hold and process its personal information, any information made available pursuant to processing of the Digital Rupee Transaction, and all other information concerning its Account(s) on computer or otherwise in connection with the e₹ Application as well as for analysis, credit scoring..
12. Disclaimer of Liability
a. BFL does not hold out any warranty and makes no representation about the uninterrepted use of and access to the e₹ Application. The Customer agrees and acknowledges that BFL shall not be liable and shall in no way be held responsible for any damages whatsoever whether such damages are direct, indirect, incidental or consequential and irrespective of whether any claim is based on loss of revenue, interruption of business, transaction carried out by the Customer and processed by BFL, information provided or disclosed by BFL regarding e₹ Wallet or any loss of any character or nature whatsoever and whether sustained by the Customer or by any other person. While BFL shall through the Sponsor Bank endeavour to promptly execute and process the Digital Rupee Transactions as proposed to be made by the Customer, BFL shall not be responsible for any non-response or delay in responding due to any reason whatsoever, including due to failure of operational systems or any requirement of law. BFL shall not be liable for any loss, claim or damage suffered by the Customer and/or any other third party arising out of or resulting from failure of a Digital Rupee Transaction on account of time out transaction i.e. where no response is received from Sponsor Bank, NPCI or the beneficiary bank and/or where mobile number or e₹ Wallet of the beneficiary does not exist. Neither BFL nor its affiliates, directors, officers and/or agents shall be liable for any unauthorized persons accessing the e₹ Application and the Customer hereby fully indemnifies and holds BFL, its affiliates, directors and officers harmless against any action, suit, proceeding initiated against it or any loss, cost or damage incurred by it as a result thereof. BFL shall under, no circumstance, be held liable to the Customer if e₹ Application access is not available in the desired manner for reasons including but not limited to natural calamities, legal restraints, faults in the telecommunication network or network failure, or any other reason beyond the control of BFL.
b. All the records of BFL generated by the Digital Rupee Transactions arising out of the use of the e₹ Application, including the time the transaction is recorded shall be conclusive proof of the genuineness and accuracy of the Digital Rupee Transaction. For the protection of both the parties, and as a tool to correct misunderstandings, the Customer understands, agrees and authorises BFL, at its discretion, and without further prior notice to the Customer, to monitor and record any or all telephone conversations between the Customer and BFL and any of its employees or agents. BFL expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied or statutory, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, data accuracy and completeness, and any warranties relating to non-infringement.
c. BFL shall not be liable for delays or its inabilities in performance or non-performance in whole or in part of or associated bank’s obligations due to any causes that are not due to its acts or omissions and are beyond its reasonable control, such as acts of god, pandemic, epidemic, fire, strikes, embargo, acts of government, acts of terrorism, climatic conditions, labour unrest, insolvency, business exigencies, government decisions, change of laws, operational and technical issues, route issues, acts of third parties or other similar causes and problems.
13. PROHIBITED USES
a. The Customer agrees and undertakes to use the e₹ Wallet Services only for genuine and legitimate transactions and shall not use the same for any illegal transactions / activities including sale or purchase of banned products. BFL shall not be responsible for reviewing or checking into the compliance by the Customer of these e₹ Wallet Terms and Conditions. BFL reserves the right to suspend or terminate your use of e₹ Wallet if it suspects, at its sole discretion, that the Customer is using e₹ Wallet for any illegitimate or fraudulent purposes.
b. The Customer agree not to use e₹ Wallet, in a manner that violates any local, state, national, foreign, or international statute, regulation, rule, order, treaty or other law (each a "Law"); to impersonate any person or entity or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; to upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, torturous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libellous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable; to reverse engineer, modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information or software obtained from the e₹ Application; or to interfere with or disrupt the e₹ Application or servers or networks connected to the e₹ Application.
c. The Customer further agree not to, use any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering or extraction methods in connection with e₹ Wallet; attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion of e₹ Wallet services or any other accounts, computer systems, or networks connected to e₹ Wallet and the e₹ Application, whether through hacking, password mining, or any other means.
14. Indemnity
a. The Customer agrees, at its own expense, to indemnify, defend and hold harmless BFL, its directors and employees, representatives, agents, and its affiliates against any claim, suit, action or other proceeding brought against BFL, its affiliates, directors and employees, representatives or agents by a third party, to the extent that such claim, suit, action of other proceeding brought against BFL, its affiliates, directors and employees, representatives or agents is based on or arises in connection with the use of the e₹ Application with reference to
i. Violation of the e₹ T&Cs by the Customer;
ii. Any attempts at hacking, reverse engineering, altering or any unauthorized use of the e₹ Application by the Customer;
iii. Any breach of any obligation to be performed by the Customer hereunder;
iv. Any fraud, error, inadequate financial capacity to fulfil obligations and/or provide remedies;
v. Any legal risks including but not limited to exposure to fines, penalties, or punitive damages resulting from supervisory actions, as well as private settlements due to omissions and commissions of Customer;
vi. Against any losses which may be suffered or incurred by the NPCI or RBI and that the NPCI or RBI compels BFL to pay, and which arise out of or in connection with such events that are directly caused by the acts or omissions of the Customers.
vii. The Customer agrees to pay any and all costs, damages and expenses, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs awarded against it or otherwise incurred by or in connection with or arising from any such claim, suit, and action or proceeding attributable to any such claim. The Customer hereby agrees that under no circumstances, BFL’s aggregate liability for claims relating to the e₹ Application, whether for breach or in tort including but not limited to negligence shall be limited to the transaction charges/fees paid by the Customer excluding any amount paid towards transactions.
viii. BFL reserves the right to assume the exclusive defence and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you and, in such case, you agree to cooperate with BFL’s defence of such claim.
15. Limitation of liability
a. In no event BFL will be liable for any direct, indirect, special, consequential, punitive, or exemplary damages (including, without limitation, those resulting from loss of revenues, lost profits, loss of goodwill, loss of data, cost of procurement of substitute services, business interruption, or other intangible losses), arising out of or in connection with the e₹ Wallet services (including, without limitation, use, inability to use, or the results of use of e₹ Wallet, unauthorized access to or alteration of digital rupee wallet, the statements or conduct of any third party in relation to digital rupee wallet (including third party vendors), or any other matter relating to digital rupee wallet), whether such damages are based on warranty, contract, tort, statute, or any other legal theory and even if the Bank has been advised (or should have known) of the possibility of such damages.
b. Subject to applicable law, use of e₹ Wallet services is at your sole risk of the Customer. The services made available on e₹ Wallet are subject to conditions imposed by BFL, including but not limited to tariffs and government regulations.
c. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for certain damages accordingly, some of the above disclaimers and limitations of liability may not apply to you to the extent that any of the parties may not, as a matter of applicable law, disclaim any implied warranty or limit its liabilities, the scope and duration of such warranty and the extent of such party’s liability shall be the minimum permitted under such applicable law.
16. Termination and Deregistration
a. The Customer may request for termination of the e₹ Application by De-registration of the e₹ Wallet. The Customer will remain responsible for all the Digital Rupee Transactions made through the e₹ Application. BFL may suspend or terminate the provision of the e₹ Application to the Customer anytime without assigning any reasons whatsoever or as per the guidelines issued by RBI or any other competent authority. In case of such termination, all the tokens in the e₹ Wallet of the Customer will be converted to fiat currency and transferred to the Customer’s Bank Account.
17. Grievance Redressal
LEVEL 1
We are committed to resolve your queries, please follow the below steps to raise your request:
Bajaj Finserv App / Bajaj Finserv Website > Menu > Help and Support > Raise a Request
LEVEL 2
We are committed to resolve your queries within 7 working days.
If you don’t hear back from us within the specified time, or if you're not happy with how we've handled your query, you can follow the steps below to take things further:
Bajaj Finserv App / Bajaj Finserv Website > Menu > Help and Support > Raise a Request History > Reopen the request
You may also write us on
grievanceredressalteam@bajajfinserv.in
LEVEL 3
If you're not satisfied with the solution provided at Level 2, you can escalate your complaint or query to the Principal Nodal Officer
You can get the details of Principal Nodal Officer from below link -
https://www.bajajfinserv.in/finance-corporate-ombudsman
.
LEVEL 4
If you're not happy with the response you've received, or if you haven’t heard back from us within 30 days of raising your complaint, you can reach out to the Reserve Bank of India for help. You can do this through the RBI’s Complaint Management System, by email, or by sending a physical letter to the Consumer Education and Protection Cell (CEPC) at RBI
Details of the scheme are available at :
https://www.rbi.org.in/Scripts/BS_PressReleaseDisplay.aspx?prid=52549
F . Terms & Conditions of National Common Mobility Card (“Bajaj Pay Transit Card”)
These terms and conditions apply to and regulate the issuance and usage of the National Common Mobility Card (“NCMC”) enabled Bajaj Pay Transit Card offered  by  Bajaj Finance Limited (“BFL”) through its sponsor Bank viz, IndusInd Bank Limited. These terms and conditions (the “Terms and Conditions”) shall be in addition to and read in conjunction with  the Terms of Use of Bajaj Finserv Platform available at
www.bajajfinserv.in/terms-of-use
and any other terms as stipulated by BFL.
1. Definitions
Unless there is anything in the subject or context inconsistent therewith, the capitalised terms listed below shall have the following meanings:
i.
“Bajaj Pay NCMC Wallet”
shall mean the Bajaj Pay NCMC Wallet account of the Cardholder with BFL created in accordance with the Prepaid Payment Instrument for Mass Transit System (“PPI-MTS”) as provider under the PPI Master Directions;
ii
. “Bajaj Finserv Platform”
shall mean and include various mobile based and web-portal/website/applications of Bajaj Finance Limited including Bajaj Finserv App for facilitating Bajaj Pay Transit Card to customers.
iii.
“Applicant”
shall mean the person who makes an application by giving his / her  acceptance  on  the  online  Application  Form  for issuance, by BFL either by means of submitting a request to avail Bajaj Pay Transit Card through BFL Network.
iv.
“Application Form”
shall mean the application form duly filled and submitted  by the Applicant for issuance of the Bajaj Pay Transit Card to the Cardholder;
v.
“BFL Network”
for issuing the Bajaj Pay Transit Card is a multi-channel distribution system comprising BFL’s Digital Platform, aggregator platforms, self-dispensing machines, authorised online marketplaces etc or any other mode as may be prescribed by BFL from time to time.
vi.
“Cardholder”
shall  mean  the  individual  to  whom  BFL has  issued  the  Bajaj Pay Transit Card based on the application form submitted by the Applicant;
vii.
“Chip Balance / Global balance”
shall mean amount written / stored in the Bajaj Pay Transit Card used for offline transactions.
viii. “Card Balance / Account Balance” shall mean the prepaid balance on the Bajaj Pay Transit Card which is maintained with BFL in the Bajaj Pay NCMC Wallet;
ix.
“PPI  Master   Directions”
shall   mean   the   Master   Directions   on   the  Issuance   and Operation of Prepaid Payment Instruments (Prepaid Payment Instrument) issued by the Reserve BFL of India and its revision from time to time as applicable;
x.
“Transaction(s)”
shall mean any transaction(s) effected by utilising the Bajaj Pay Transit Card towards Transit Operators
xi. “Transit Operator” shall mean the authority which runs the mode of transit, including but not limited to metro/buses/trains/parking or any other mode allowed by National Payments Corporation of India (“NPCI”).
xii.
“Virtual Balance”
is the replica of Global Balance available at BFL’s end. This balance would be marked as hold balance in customer’s Bajaj Pay NCMC Wallet and would be reserved for offline transactions on the Bajaj Pay Transit Card. Since this is a replica of the actual Global Balance, it should not be considered as the actual balance on the chip.
2. Applicability
i. The Cardholder shall be deemed to have understood and unconditionally agreed to and accepted these Terms and Conditions by applying for the Bajaj Pay Transit Card or by submitting the Application for the Bajaj Pay Transit Card or by using or accepting the Bajaj Pay Transit Card, in the form and manner prescribed by BFL from time to time. The  Cardholder shall be deemed to have understood and unconditionally agreed to and accepted the Terms and Conditions by acknowledging the receipt of the Bajaj Pay Transit Card  in writing,  and/or by performing a transaction using the Bajaj Pay Transit Card and will be bound by them and accept the onus of ensuring compliance with the relevant Reserve BFL of India (RBI) Regulations,  all  the rules  and  regulations framed under any Act or Statute and as amended /modified / applicable from time to time and any other corresponding enactment in force from time to time.
ii. The Cardholder will also continue to remain bound by the Terms and Conditions of operation of Bajaj Pay Transit Card with BFL.
3. Application for and Issuance of the Bajaj Pay Transit Card
i. Cardholder can apply for the Bajaj Pay Transit Card through BFL Network. In case of offline mode viz., self-dispensing machines, the Card shall be issued instantly, on the spot to the Cardholder. The Bajaj Pay Transit Card can also be purchased from designated Transit Operator locations like metro stations, bus depots, parking lots where the Transit Operator has allowed issuance of the Bajaj Pay Transit Card. The Bajaj Pay Transit Card may also be purchased through approved online marketplace platforms, subject to compliance with BFL policies.
ii. With respect to the issuance of the Bajaj Pay Transit Card, the Applicant shall submit to BFL, complete Application Form and the information / documents required by BFL to be submitted including, without limitation, such information and documents as BFL may require in respect of the person to whom the Bajaj Pay Transit Card is required to be issued.
iii. The Applicant shall, at the time of submitting the Application Form and documents, make payment of the amount to be loaded on the Bajaj Pay Transit Card to be issued to the Cardholder in  accordance  with  the  procedure  stipulated  by  BFL in  this  regard  and Applicable Law (including, without limitation, the PPI Master Directions).
iv. BFL may, at its sole discretion and subject to the fulfilment of such terms and conditions and completion of such other formalities that BFL may specify from time to  time,  issue  the  Bajaj Pay Transit Card  to  the  Cardholder.  The Applicant  acknowledges  and agrees that the issuance of the Card shall be the sole prerogative of BFL and nothing contained in these Terms and Conditions should be construed as obliging BFL to issue the Bajaj Pay Transit Card to any Cardholder.
v. BFL reserves the sole discretion based on the risk perception to disable Transaction on the Bajaj Pay Transit Card with or without intimation to the Cardholder.
vi. The Bajaj Pay Transit Card will be linked with the Bajaj Pay NCMC Wallet of the Cardholder opened with BFL post successful purchase. Cardholder shall ensure to collect the welcome kit containing Bajaj Pay Transit Card from the Transit Operator premises, if applicable.
vii. Bajaj Pay Transit Card shall be dispatched by BFL to the Cardholder at the address provided by Cardholder during issuance of the Bajaj Pay Transit Card.
viii. The Cardholder shall ensure that the OTP triggered on registered mobile number with BFL evidencing the actual identity of the Cardholder is kept ready for due verification by the courier agency at the time of actual delivery of the Bajaj Pay Transit Card in physical format at the address communicated by the Cardholder to BFL at the time of applying for the Bajaj Pay Transit Card. BFL reserves the discretion to not deliver the Bajaj Pay Transit Card to any person acting on behalf of the Cardholder if the above mentioned information is not made available to the courier agency at the time of delivery of the Bajaj Pay Transit Card and the Cardholder shall not hold BFL responsible for the same.
ix. BFL shall attempt thrice to deliver the Bajaj Pay Transit Card to the Cardholder. If the Cardholder refuses to accept the Bajaj Pay Transit Card and/or if the Cardholder is not present at the given address, the Bajaj Pay Transit Card will be returned to origin (RTO) and the Cardholder may be informed by SMS on their registered mobile number. The Cardholder can track the status of the Bajaj Pay Transit Card on Bajaj Finserv Platform also.
x. BFL shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for any loss and/or theft of or damage to the Bajaj Pay Transit Card once the Bajaj Pay Transit Card has been successfully handed-over to the Cardholder at the address communicated by him.
xi. In the event of non-delivery of the Bajaj Pay Transit Card for reasons not attributable to the Cardholder in any manner whatsoever, BFL shall first initiate the refund of the amount collected towards the issuance or any other cost associated with delivery of the Bajaj Pay Transit Card to the customer subsequent to conducting appropriate checks and due diligence as may be required by BFL.
xii. Bajaj Pay Transit Card shall be dispatched to the Cardholder address within ___ working days from the date of order confirmation received by BFL, except for delay due to reasons beyond BFL control (or external circumstances).
4. Activation of the Bajaj Pay Transit Card
i. The Cardholder and the Applicant hereby acknowledge and agree that the Bajaj Pay Transit Card, as on the date of its issuance, shall be in a de-activated form.
ii. The Bajaj Pay Transit Card shall be activated subject to: (a) the provision by the Cardholder and the Applicant to BFL of such  documents  as  BFL  may  require  to  conduct  its  ‘know  your  customer’ (“KYC”)  checks, if applicable, as  well  as  any  other  documents  required  by  BFL;  (b)  the successful  completion  of  the  KYC  checks, if applicable, in  respect  of  the  Cardholder  and  the Applicant by BFL; and (c)the Cardholder accessing web form or web link and confirming the receipt of the Bajaj Pay Transit Card and providing such information and documents as BFL may require in this regard.
iii. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Cardholder and the Applicant acknowledge and agree that, in the event that there is any discrepancy in the KYC, if applicable, provided by the Cardholder and/ or the Applicant and/ or non-compliance of the Cardholder and / or the Applicant with these Terms and Conditions, the KYC Guidelines and/ or the PPI Master Directions, BFL shall be entitled, at its sole discretion, to immediately cancel / suspend / block the Bajaj Pay Transit Card and shall not be liable for any inconvenience caused to the Cardholder and / or the Applicant in this regard.
iv. The virtual / digital card of the Cardholder can be issued once the Cardholder provides the m-pin on the Bajaj Pay Transit Card section of Bajaj Finserv Platform or in case the Bajaj Pay Transit Card is availed through self dispensing machines, once the Bajaj Pay Transit Card is successfully issued to the Cardholder the digital card bearing the same card number will be issued. The successful authentication of MPIN on view virtual card ingress is the consent by Cardholder to generate a virtual card which will be govern by the T&C mentioned / published on Bajaj Finserv Platform from time to time.
5. Features of BFL NCMC enabled Bajaj Pay Transit Card
i. The Cardholder may use the Bajaj Pay Transit Card to make payments towards Transit Operators within India. The facility to withdraw cash or make payments towards e-commerce websites and / or merchant establishments shall NOT be available on the Bajaj Pay Transit Card. No interest shall be payable by BFL on the amount available / loaded on the Bajaj Pay Transit Card.
The Cardholder may load and reload cash onto the Bajaj Pay Transit Card through Bajaj Finserv Platform and / or at selected service outlets subject to verification of their identity and any other mandatory requirements as prescribed by the BFL from time to time.  Limitations regarding  minimum  amount,  maximum  amount,  annual  load limit and frequency of loading and reloading shall be applicable as prescribed by the BFL from time to time.
ii. Up to ___ number of BFL NCMC Enabled Bajaj Pay Transit Card can be issued through one mobile number for a Customer.
6. Usage of the Bajaj Pay Transit Card by the Cardholder
i. The Cardholder and the Applicant acknowledge and agree that:
• the Bajaj Pay Transit Card is valid only in India and only with respect to payments required to be made towards Transit Operators in INR;
• the Bajaj Pay Transit Card is strictly not transferable and is the property of BFL;
• the Cardholder shall be able to use the Bajaj Pay Transit Card only to the extent of the Bajaj Pay Transit Card Balance available at any given point of time;
• cash withdrawal, refund or fund transfer are NOT permitted;
• no interest shall be payable by BFL on the Bajaj Pay Transit Card Balance;
• All communications to BFL in relation to the Bajaj Pay Transit Card or Transactions should be made only by the Cardholder. Any communication by BFL in relation to Bajaj Pay Transit Cards shall be provided through the Bajaj Finserv Platform, or shall be communicated directly to the Applicant through SMS / WhatsApp / Email etc.
• the Cardholder and the Applicant shall comply with all Applicable Law.
• The  usage  of  the  Bajaj Pay Transit Card  shall  be  governed  by  these  Terms  and  Conditions  and  all policies, guidelines and instructions provided by BFL, from time to time, in relation to the Bajaj Pay Transit Card. Each time a Cardholder uses the Bajaj Pay Transit Card to effect a Transaction, the Cardholder acknowledges and agrees that the Bajaj Pay Transit Card Balance shall stand reduced by the value of the Transaction. The Cardholder   acknowledges and agrees that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, BFL may, in its absolute  discretion,  decline  to  honour  any  Transaction  sought  to  be  effected  by utilising  the  Bajaj Pay Transit Card  despite  there  being  sufficient  Bajaj Pay Transit Card Balance  to  complete  such Transaction, without having to assign any reason thereof.
ii. The Cardholder shall ensure the following: (a) The Bajaj Pay Transit Card is kept at a safe place;(b) The Bajaj Pay Transit Card is not allowed to be used by any other individual; (c) The responsibility for any misuse on the Bajaj Pay Transit Card, once the Bajaj Pay Transit Card has  been delivered  at  the  address  specified  in  the  Application  Form,  will  rest  with  the Cardholder and not BFL.
iii. The Cardholder acknowledges and agrees that BFL may, from time to time, as per   its   internal   policy,   assign   monetary   thresholds /   limits   on   the   amount   of Transactions which may be effected in any particular day or other frequency subject to Applicable Law and BFL’s internal policies and procedures. The Cardholder acknowledges and agrees that BFL shall be entitled to refuse to process any Transaction once any such limits are exceeded irrespective of whether or not such limits have been previously communicated to the Cardholder.
iv. Any Transaction undertaken shall be conclusive proof that the charge recorded for such Transaction was actually incurred by the Cardholder using the Bajaj Pay Transit Card.
v. Penalty amount can be configured by Transit Operator and charged to customer’s card if the previous transaction in not complete, i.e. no exit (tailgating). The executive would debit penalty and clear the error code on the card. These penalties would be configured at the Transit Operator end as per the rules defined by Transit Operator.
vi. The customer shall be able to load their Global Balance upto a max permissible limit set by BFL for loading of card in line with the PPI Master Directions. Customer would not be able to load balance on the chip of the card beyond this limit. In case a customer has loaded amount online and then tries to sync the chip balance through Near Field Communication (NFC) technology at mobile phones, if the chip balance exceeds the permissible limit and balance sync would be declined. Any balance which would be kept on hold as Virtual Balance would be release into customer’s Bajaj Pay NCMC Wallet.
7. Fees and Service Charges
You shall be responsible to pay fees / charges with respect to the Bajaj Pay Transit Card. Further, the fee applicable in relation to the Bajaj Pay Transit Card are provided for in the Schedule I below.
8. Transactions on NCMC Enabled Bajaj Pay Transit Card
i. Transactions would include the following:
• Ticket purchase transaction at Transit Operators like metros, state road transport buses, parking, waterways, toll plazas etc
• Facilitate the Cardholder to take the journey from one station to another.
• Pass purchase (at Transit Operator counters or BFL designated outlet);
• Pass renewal (at Transit Operator counters or BFL designated outlet);
• Bajaj Pay Transit Card top-up (at Transit Operator station Counters or Bajaj Finserv Platform);
• Cash loading from selective service outlets shall be limited subject to overall limit as prescribed under PPI Master Directions as amended from time to time;
9. Lost or Stolen Bajaj Pay Transit Card
i. If the Bajaj Pay Transit Card is lost or stolen, the Cardholder must immediately report such loss / theft  over  to  BFL by raising a request.  On  receipt  of  any  such  intimation BFL shall, upon adequate verification of the Cardholder, hotlist/ cancel/ suspend/ block the Bajaj Pay Transit Card and terminate all facilities in  relation  thereto  and  shall  not  be  liable  for  any  inconvenience  caused  to  the Cardholder in this regard. The Cardholder will be liable for all charges incurred on the Bajaj Pay Transit Card until it is reported lost/ stolen. Further, in the event BFL determines the aforementioned steps are not complied with, the financial liability with regard to the lost or stolen Bajaj Pay Transit Card would rest entirely with the Cardholder. In case of any dispute relating to the time of reporting Transaction(s) made on the Bajaj Pay Transit Card or any other matter in relation to the lost / stolen Bajaj Pay Transit Card,  the  determination  of  BFL  shall  be conclusive and binding on the Cardholder.
ii. While BFL would block / hotlist the Bajaj Pay Transit Card once the Bajaj Pay Transit Card is reported as lost / stolen, BFL would not be liable to refund the Global Balance on the Bajaj Pay Transit Card. BFL would continue to receive offline transactions for transactions done prior and post the Bajaj Pay Transit Card reported as lost / stolen. The amount remaining as the Global Balance in the Bajaj Pay Transit Card would be kept on hold till the expiry of the card. The unutilized Global Balance would be released into Customer’s Bajaj Pay NCMC Wallet within ___ days.
iii. The Cardholder understands that any request for permanent blocking of the Bajaj Pay Transit Card shall result in the blocking of the Bajaj Pay Transit Card in electronic format as well and shall disable all types of Transactions on the Bajaj Pay Transit Card.
10. Surrender/Replacement of Bajaj Pay Transit Card
i. The Cardholder  acknowledges  and  agrees  that  BFL  shall  be  entitled  to demand the surrender of the Bajaj Pay Transit Card at any time. The Cardholder shall, forthwith upon such demand being   made,   surrender   the   relevant   Bajaj Pay Transit Card   in   accordance   with   the   instructions provided by BFL in this regard.
ii. BFL may issue a replacement Bajaj Pay Transit Card to the Cardholder upon a request being made by the Customer, in this regard and at its sole discretion. The replacement Bajaj Pay Transit Card shall be issued to the Cardholder on payment of the issuance fee at the issuance point.
iii. In the event of demise of any Cardholder, BFL shall cancel the Bajaj Pay Transit Card upon being informed of the same.
iv. If the card is being physically submitted for replacement  by the customer, the customer would be eligible for transfer of Global Balance to the replaced card. The card balance shall be transferred to the new card in accordance with internal policies of BFL. In the event that Global Balance cannot be read at the terminals or the chip being destroyed, the balance would be transferred within ____ working days after deducting any pending transactions.
v. If the Bajaj Pay Transit Card is physically submitted for closure by the Cardholder or the Applicant, the Cardholder would be eligible for transfer of Global Balance to the Bajaj Pay NCMC Wallet.
11. Bajaj Pay Transit Card Inactivity
i. If there is no Transaction for a consecutive period of one year then the Bajaj Pay Transit Card shall be made inactive by BFL. The BFL shall also share an intimation to the Cardholder via an Alert to this effect.
ii. The Bajaj Pay Transit Card can be reactivated only after customer validation by BFL.
iii. The Bajaj Pay Transit Card may be reported to RBI as per their instructions and directions.
iv. The Cardholder may be permitted to redeem the outstanding balance on the Bajaj Pay Transit Card, if for any reason the scheme is being wound up or is directed by RBI to be discontinued.
12. Validity
i. The BFL NCMC Enabled Bajaj Pay Transit Card shall remain valid till perpetuity.
ii. The Cardholder agrees  to  surrender  the  Bajaj Pay Transit Card  to  BFL  or  its representative, upon being requested to do so and shall not use or attempt to use the Bajaj Pay Transit Card after termination / de-activation of such Bajaj Pay Transit Card.
iii. The Cardholder may, at any point of time, request for deactivation of Bajaj Pay Transit Card  by  contacting  BFL and  submitting  such  documentation  as  may  be required  in  line  with  BFL’s  policies  and  guidelines  in  this  regard.
13. Statements and Records
i. The Cardholder can also get details of his/her transactions at any time, by contacting BFL  or by raising a request through Bajaj Finserv Platform.
ii. BFL's record of transactions processed by the use of the Bajaj Pay Transit Card in electronic or documentary form of the instructions (including but not restricted to payments made or received) is available on Bajaj Finserv Platform which shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes.
iii. The Cardholder can view Transaction history through the Bajaj Finserv Platform.
iv. The Cardholder will also receive a SMS on the mobile number registered by the Cardholder with BFL, after each transaction, informing about the transaction value.
14. Disputes
i. BFL shall not in any manner be responsible for  any disputes  regarding services purchased by the Cardholder using the Bajaj Pay Transit Card including, without limitation, the quality, value, delay, non-delivery, non-receipt of any services. The Bajaj Pay Transit Card is only a mode available to the Cardholder to make payment towards Transit Operators and any disputes relating to the service availed by the Cardholder, which arise for any reason whatsoever, should be resolved by the Cardholder with the respective Transit Operator directly and BFL shall have no obligation  or responsibility in respect thereof.
ii. BFL shall not be liable to the Cardholder and the Applicant in respect of any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly out of: (a) any unauthorized use of the Cardholder's/ Applicant’s mobile phone number; (b) any error, default, delay or inability  of  BFL  to  act  on  all  or  any  of  the  Alert;  (c)  any  loss  of  any information/instructions/Alerts in transmission; (d) any unauthorized access by any other   person   or   any   information/   instructions   given   by   me   or    breach   of confidentiality.
iii. In respect of any complaints / query raised by the Cardholder and / or the Applicant in terms of these Terms and Conditions, the Cardholder and / or the Applicant shall be required to promptly provide BFL with all such information and documents as may be required by BFL in this regard.
iv. Please note  that  BFL  does  not  ask  its  customers  for  any  confidential information, and therefore the Cardholder and/ or the Applicant must not share any information of a confidential nature including, without limitation, passwords, user- IDs,  etc.,  to  any  person  who  asks  for  the  same.
v. Grievance Redressal Mechanism: In case you have any concerns regarding Bajaj Pay Transit Card, please contact:
Level 1
We are committed to resolve your queries/issues, you need to follow the below steps to raise your request:
a. Bajaj Finserv App > Menu > Help and Support > Raise a Request
b. Bajaj Finserv App > Menu > Help and Support > Raise a Request History > Reopen the request if not satisfied with the response, also there is an option in case customer wants to escalate
For any queries you can also contact on toll-free number 1800 2100 270
Level 2
We are committed to resolve your queries/issues within 7 working days. If you do not hear from us within this time, or you are not satisfied with our resolution of your query, customers may go through below steps:
Bajaj Finserv App > Menu > Help and Support > Raise a Request History > Reopen the request if not satisfied with the response, also there is option incase customer wants to escalate.
Customer may also write on
grievanceredressalteam@bajajfinserv.in
Level 3
If the customer is not satisfied with the resolution provided at Level 2, the customer may post his/her complaint/query to the Nodal Officer/Principal Nodal Officer as per the region defined.
You can get the Nodal Officer/Principal Nodal officer details from
https://www.bajajfinserv.in/finance-corporate-ombudsman
Level 4
If the Customer is not satisfied with the redressal provided or have not received a response from BFL within 30 (thirty) days of lodging a grievance with BFL, the Customer can lodge a grievance with Reserve Bank of India, via CMS portal or by email or in physical mode at CEPC setup at RBI, for grievance redressal.
Details of the scheme are available at :
https://www.rbi.org.in/Scripts/BS_PressReleaseDisplay.aspx?prid=52549
ANNEXURE-II
BAJAJ FINANCE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
A. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR BFL LOAN PRODUCTS:
1. BFL through this Bajaj Finserv Platform, subject to its internal policies and at its sole and absolute discretion, may provide offers in relation to, different loan products including but not limited to, personal loan, professional loan, business loan, loan against gold jewellery, loan against securities, secured loan, unsecured loan, EMI Network Card/ Health EMI Network for availing products/ services from BFL network partners/ ancillary services in relation to the same (collectively “
BFL Loan Products
”).
2. You hereby agree and acknowledge the following, if you wish to avail BFL Loan Products:
(a) To submit and execute any/ all documents, including but not limited to Application Form, Loan Terms, Loan Agreements and other documents/ details in relation to NACH mandate and/ or KYC compliance (“
BFL Loan Product Terms
”), in such form and manner as may be required by BFL, through Bajaj Finserv Platform or otherwise.
(b) You will have to follow the detailed process as prescribed by BFL through the Bajaj Finserv Platform or otherwise to avail/ apply for BFL Loan Product Terms.
(c) BFL may at its sole and absolute discretion reject or approve your application/ request for BFL Loan Product, as it may deemed fit.
(d) BFL Loan Product, shall be subject to payment of all fees/ charges as mentioned in the BFL Loan Terms and Conditions or as may be prescribed by BFL from time to time.
(e) These terms are in addition to and not in derogation to the BFL Product Loan Terms, in case of inconsistency between them the specific the BFL Product Loan Terms shall prevail.
B. TERMS AND CONDITION FOR CO-BRANDED CREDIT CARDS:
1. As per approval from the RBI for entering into the Co-brand Credit Card arrangement, BFL has entered into such Co-brand Credit Card arrangements with partner banks. Further BFL through this Bajaj Finserv Platform in addition to other product and services have made available souring/ marketing/ ancillary services in relation to the Co-branded Credit Cards.
2. You hereby agree and acknowledge the following, if you wish to avail BFL Co-branded Credit Cards:
(a) The Co-branded Credit Cards are issued by the partner banks and are governed by separate set of terms and conditions, as prescribed by such issuing bank.
(b) You will have to follow the detailed process as prescribed by BFL and/ or partner bank through the Bajaj Finserv Platform or otherwise to avail services of/ apply for the Co-branded Credit Cards.
(c) Partner bank may at its sole and absolute discretion reject or approve your application/ request in relation to the Co-branded Credit Cards, as it may deemed fit.
(d) Except Sourcing & Marketing of the Co-Branded Credit Card, Bajaj Finance has no other role. The acceptance of application, issuance of the Card and servicing thereon is at the sole discretion of RBL Bank. These terms are in addition to and not in derogation to the Co-branded Credit Cards terms, in case of inconsistency between them, the specific terms for Co-branded Credit Cards shall prevail.
(e) These terms are in addition to and not in derogation to the Co-branded Credit Cards terms, in case of inconsistency between them, the specific terms for Co-branded Credit Cards shall prevail.
C. TERMS AND CONDITION FOR BFL FIXED DEPOSIT PRODUCTS:
1. BFL through this Bajaj Finserv Platform, subject to its internal policies and at its sole and absolute discretion, may provide fixed deposits/ systematic deposit plans/ ancillary services in relation to the same (collectively “
BFL Fixed Deposit Products
”).
2. You hereby agree and acknowledge the following, if you wish to avail BFL Fixed Deposit Products:
a) To submit and execute any/ all documents, including but not limited to Application Form, fixed deposit terms, systematic fixed deposit terms and other documents/ details in relation to NACH mandate and/ or KYC compliance (“
FD Terms
”), in such form and manner as may be required by BFL, through Bajaj Finserv Platform or otherwise.
b) The BFL shall accept deposits subject to the minimum amount of deposit prescribed by BFL from time to time.
c) You will have to follow the detailed process as prescribed by BFL through the Bajaj Finserv Platform or otherwise to avail/ apply for BFL Fixed Deposit Products.
d) These terms are in addition to and not in derogation to the FD Terms, in case of inconsistency between them the specific FD Terms shall prevail.
D. DISCLAIMERS & TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THIRD-PARTY INSURANCE PRODUCTS:
1. Bajaj Finance Limited (BFL) is a registered corporate agent of third party products of Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Company Limited, HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited, Future Generali Life Insurance Company Limited, Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Limited, Tata AIG General Insurance Company Limited, Oriental Insurance Company Limited, Max Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited, Aditya Birla Health Insurance Company Limited and Manipal Cigna Health Insurance Company Limited under the IRDAI Composite CA Registration Number CA0101.
2. You hereby agree and acknowledge the following, if you wish to avail BFL Insurance Products:
(a) Third-Party Insurance Products are provided/ issued by the partner insurance company(ies) and are governed by separate set of terms and conditions, as prescribed by such insurance company.
(b) To submit and execute any/ all documents, including but not limited to Application Form, insurance terms and other documents/ details in relation to the same, as may be prescribed by the insurance company (“
Insurance Terms
”), in such form and manner as may be require, through Bajaj Finserv Platform or otherwise.
(c) These terms are in addition to and not in derogation to the Insurance Terms.
(d) Insurance is the subject matter of solicitation. Please note that, BFL does not underwrite the risk or act as an insurer. Your purchase of an insurance product is purely on a voluntary basis after your exercise of an independent due diligence on the suitability, viability of any insurance product. Any decision to purchase insurance product is solely at your own risk and responsibility and BFL shall not be liable for any loss or damage that any person may suffer, whether directly or indirectly.
(e) For more details on risk factors, terms and conditions and exclusions please read the product sales brochure and the Insurance Terms carefully before concluding the purchase.
(f) Tax benefits applicable if any, will be as per the prevailing tax laws. Tax laws are subject to change. BFL does NOT provide Tax/ Investment advisory services. Please consult your advisors before proceeding to purchase an insurance product.
(g) Insurance product information displayed on the Bajaj Finserv Platform is of the respective insurer with whom BFL has a Corporate Agency or Group Insurance scheme agreement. The information and data provided on this Bajaj Finserv Platform, as per our ability, is accurate. While all reasonable care has been taken with regards to the information published on the Bajaj Finserv Platform, BFL does not claim that the Bajaj Finserv Platform shall be free of errors or inconsistencies and does not accept any legal responsibility for the same.
(h) Please note that BFL is also a Master Policyholder under multiple group insurance schemes. These group insurance covers are only available for our select existing customers. These group insurance covers are also governed by the Master Policy Terms and Conditions in additional to the terms and conditions mentioned on the Certificate of Insurance (“CoI”) issued by the insurer. Please go through all the terms and conditions while concluding your purchase.
(i) The information provided by you through the Bajaj Finserv Platform or otherwise will form the basis of the insurance policy, and that the policy will come into force only after full realization of the premium by the respective Insurance Company.
(j) You declare that you will notify in writing any change occurring in the occupation or general health of the life to be insured/ proposer after the proposal has been submitted but before communication of the risk acceptance by the Insurance Company. You authorize BFL/ Insurance Company to share information of your proposal including the medical records of the insured/ proposer for the sole purpose of underwriting the proposal and/ or claims settlement with the Insurance Company and with any Governmental and/ or Regulatory authority, as and when required.
(k) You are hereby advised that third party payments to insurance policies is not allowed. You agree and understand that you shall ensure that any payment towards insurance premium is remitted only through your bank account or from a joint bank account in which you are a joint holder or though other instruments owned by you. In the event, payment towards insurance premium is remitted through a bank account (or other instruments) opened in the name of a third party (i.e. not being in your name), you agree and acknowledge that Our Company can undertake enhanced due diligence measures (including any documentation), to satisfy itself relating to customer due diligence requirements. You further agree and acknowledge that, in line with the requirements and obligations under the PMLA Act and rules, all refunds shall be processed by the insurance company(ies) through us to the instrument/ medium which was used to remit payment of insurance premium.
(l) Cancellation & Refund/ Chargeback Terms and Conditions
Free look period Cancellation and Refund
As per the IRDAI rules and regulations, you have the right to cancel your insurance policy within 30 (thirty) days from the date of (online) receipt of insurance policy (referred to as “
Free Look Period
”) and refund of your premium amount shall be processed as per the applicable process and procedures followed by the insurer. This Free look facility can be availed only for Life and Health insurance policies, subject to certain other terms and conditions specified by IRDAI. We encourage all our customers to read the insurance policy document carefully and avail the free look facility in case the terms and conditions of the insurance policy document don’t match your insurance requirements. Further, you understand that once you place a cancellation request within the Free Look Period, the policy gets cancelled and entire premium is refunded to you subject to deduction of (i) charges pertaining to medical tests conducted (ii) administrative and service cost like stamp duty etc. and; (iii) Charges for mortality for the period the policy was in force. Please note such deduction is at the sole discretion of the insurer.
All payments with respect to refunds as stated above shall be the sole responsibility of the insurer as per the rules and regulations laid down by the IRDAI. You understand that BFL has tied up with RBI authorized payment gateways to allow you to make online payments towards your insurance premium amount and is only acting as a mere facilitator and providing its assistance to its customers for speedy refunds.
In case of cancellation and surrender of insurance policy/ value added services/ extended warranty and/ or on death of the customer, BFL shall have the right to appropriate insurance claim paid thereunder or pursuant to cancellation or the surrender value of the insurance policy/ value added services/ extended warranty towards the Outstanding Dues of any loan(s) availed from BFL. If there is any surplus leftover, it shall be paid to the Customer. If there is any deficit, then the Customer shall be liable to pay entire deficit forthwith.
(m) Additional Terms and Conditions of proposal form (applicable for health insurance products only):
1. You hereby declare, on your behalf and on behalf of all persons proposed to be insured, that the statements, answers and/ or particulars given by you are true and complete in all respects to the best of your knowledge and that you are authorized to propose on behalf of these other persons.
2. You understand that the information provided by you will form the basis of the insurance policy, is subject to the Board approved underwriting policy of the insurer and that the policy will come into force only after full payment of the premium chargeable.
3. You further declare that you will notify in writing any change occurring in the occupation or general health of the life to be insured/ proposer after the proposal has been submitted but before communication of the risk acceptance by the insurance company.
4. You declare that you consent to the insurance company seeking medical information from any doctor or hospital who/ which at any time has attended on the person to be insured/ proposer or from any past or present employer concerning anything which affects the physical or mental health of the person to be insured/ proposer and seeking information from any insurer to whom an application for insurance on the person to be insured/ proposer has been made for the purpose of underwriting the proposal and/ or claim settlement.
5. You authorize the BFL/ insurance company to share information pertaining to your proposal including the medical records of the insured/ proposer for the sole purpose of underwriting the proposal and/ or claims settlement and with any Governmental and/ or Regulatory authority.
6. You consent to and authorize any of insurance company’s authorized representatives not being direct employees of the company to seek medical information required for the purpose of policy issuance or claim settlement under this policy from any hospital/ medical practitioner that you or any person proposed to be insured/ insured has attended or may attend in future concerning any disease or illness or injury.
(n) You understand and hereby agree that (section 41 of the Insurance Act, 1938 – Prohibition of Rebates):
1. No person shall allow or offer to allow, either directly or indirectly, as an inducement to any person to take out or renew or continue an insurance in respect of any kind of risk relating to lives or property in India, any rebate of the whole or part of the commission payable or any rebate of the premium shown on the policy, nor shall any person taking out or renewing or continuing a policy accept any rebate, except such rebate as may be allowed in accordance with the published prospectuses or tables of the insurers.
2. Any person making default in complying with the provision of this section shall be liable for a penalty which may extend to ten lakh rupees.
(o) Unit Linked Insurance Products (“ULIP”) Disclaimer:
IN ULIPS, THE INVESTMENT RISK IN THE INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO IS BORNE BY THE POLICYHOLDER.
Unlike traditional products, Unit linked insurance products are subject to market risk, which affect the Net Asset Values and the Customer/ Policyholder shall be responsible for his/ her decision. ULIPs are different from Traditional products.
By choosing to invest through Bajaj Finserv Platform, you hereby voluntarily declare that you have understood the benefits and agree to the terms and conditions of the product/ plan chosen by you. You further declare that the product/ plan selected by you suits your requirements.
The name of an Insurance Company, Products/ Plans/ funds do not indicate the quality and its future prospects or returns. Also, Past performance is no guarantee of future results and is of indicative nature.
ULIPs do not offer any liquidity during the first five years of the contract. The policyholder will not be able to surrender or withdraw the monies invested in Unit Linked Insurance Products completely or partially till the end of the fifth year.
(p) Online Discounts, if any, offered on insurance products are provided by respective Insurance Company(ies) as approved by IRDAI.
(q) Internet transactions may be subject to interruptions, transmission blackouts, delayed transmission and incorrect data transmission, BFL is not liable for malfunctions in communications facilities not under its control that may affect the accuracy or timelines of messages and transactions the user may initiate.
(r) For more details on insurance disclaimers, terms & conditions, servicing TAT’s & servicing process, please go through-
https://www.bajajfinserv.in/insurance/insurance-terms-and-conditions-legal-and-compliance
E. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THIRD-PARTY PRODUCTS.:
BFL is facilitating access to credit to its customer through third-party digital platform namely Bajaj Markets, owned by Bajaj Finserv Direct Ltd (BFDL). By availing access to credit through Bajaj Markets, customer shall also be governed by Site Terms of Use, Disclaimers, Privacy Policy and such other terms of as applicable to users of Bajaj Markets.
BFL is also providing facility to its customer to invest in mutual funds through Bajaj Finserv Platform.
BFL through the Bajaj Finserv Platform will also be making available certain third-party financial products and services, pursuant to tie ups with such provider of such third-party products and services. Such products and services are being facilitated by BFL merely in the capacity as distributor and availing such products and services will be governed by the terms of provider of such third-party products and services, which shall be in addition to these terms/ Terms of Use of Bajaj Finserv Platform.
BFL through the Bajaj Finserv Platform have also made available third-party applications, by clicking on such third party applications, you will be redirected to third-party applications/ website to avail various products and services (Ex: Bajaj Finserv Direct Limited, In App-Programs etc) (collectively “Third Party App”):
You hereby agree and acknowledge the following, if you wish to avail Third-Party Applications:
(a) Third Party Terms & Conditions will govern: The use of the Third Party App, as well as purchase of products and services on the Third Party App is beyond the control of BFL and the usage of such Third Party App shall be solely governed by Third Party Terms and Conditions alone.
(b) BFL sharing of details with Third Party: By proceeding to the Third Party App ahead you hereby agree and acknowledge that BFL will be sharing your details (i.e. mobile number, name and device Id) with Third Party to enable login/ sign-in to Third Party App and/ or for enabling transaction on Third Party App.
Disputes on Third party product/ services: BFL is neither guaranteeing nor making any representations or warranty with respect to accuracy, genuineness, reliability, authenticity, correctness, sufficiency, efficiency, timeliness, competitiveness, quality, merchantability or the fitness for any purpose etc., of the offers/ products and services that may be made available by third party. Any dispute(s) or complaint(s) in respect of the products, services shall be taken up with such third party.
Third Party Information sharing: Third party may share your transaction details with BFL to enable BFL to provide updates with you. By proceeding ahead, it is construed to be your deemed consent for sharing of transaction details by Third Party with BFL.
BFL offers distribution services of various third-party products from entities including but not limited to CPP Assistance Pvt Ltd, Bajaj Finserv Health Ltd, Allianz Partners, etc. These products are governed by the respective terms & conditions of the issuer/ VAS provider and BFL does NOT hold any responsibility for the issuance, quality, serviceability, maintenance and any claims. Purchase of such products is purely voluntary and BFL does not compel its customers to mandatorily purchase any third-party products.
F. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EXPENSE MANAGER:
1. BFL through the Bajaj Finserv Platform have also made available Expense Manager feature.
2. You hereby agree and acknowledge the following, if you wish to avail Expense Manager feature:
(a) BFL collects the financial information pertaining to your payment/ financial data, debit cards, credit cards, banks account details, loan account details, prepaid instruments (" financial information") contained in the SMSs, after obtaining your consent to access your SMS inbox.
(b) The financial information is collected by BFL for the purpose of automatic organising of the same for convenient display and usage of the same by the User. The Amounts/ figures shown in the Expense Manager section are indicative in nature since the same are accessed on "as is where is basis" from the SMSs and/ or the amounts/ figures which may be inserted by User.
(c) Please note that (i) BFL merely facilitates this service on a best effort basis and expressly disclaims its responsibility; (ii) does not warrant about accuracy, completeness or adequacy of said information, since the Expense Manager service is dependent on certain technical aspects/ functionalities, which are beyond the control of BFL and (iii) you are advised to exercise independent due diligence on the information displayed on the information/ outcome displayed on Expense Manager and/ or seek advice from your professional advisor/ consultant.
(d) The financial information and other identifying details collected by BFL from the User's electronic device will be stored and may be applied for analysis and/ or for improving its products/ services
G. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR LOCATOR:
1. BFL through the Bajaj Finserv Platform have also made available “Locator” feature.
2. You hereby agree and acknowledge the following, if you wish to avail “Locator”:
(a) BFL may basis your present location, provide you with information/ details in relation to nearby service providers/ dealers/ merchants empanelled with BFL, information in relation to BFL insurance partners and details/ information in relation to BFL branches (“
BFL Empanelled Entities
”), to pay EMI's, to complete your documentations and to avail such other facilities/ services provided by BFL and/ or its partners (including but not limited to finance facility and deposit services).
(b) Please note that (i) BFL hereby facilitates this service on a best effort basis & expressly disclaims its responsibility; (ii) does not warrant about accuracy, completeness or adequacy of said information, since the Locator service is dependent on certain technical aspects/ functionalities, which are beyond the control of BFL and (iii) you are advised to exercise independent due diligence on the information displayed on the information/ outcome displayed on Store Location section.
(c) The location related information and other details collected by BFL from your electronic device will be stored and may be applied for analysis and/ or for improving its products/ services and/or providing you with personalised offers and services.
(d) Any and all risks arising from usage of information/ details on Locator shall be borne by you and you shall not hold BFL liable for the same in any manner whatsoever.
(e) The list of BFL Empanelled Entities provided through the Locator section is subject to change at the sole discretion of BFL, also mere display of the BFL Empanelled Entity through Locator section shall not be construed as a representation for provision of services in any manner whatsoever.
(f) All disputes regarding the quality, merchantability, deficiency, non-delivery, delay in the delivery of the product(s)/ service(s) in relation to the services availed from any service providers/ dealers/ merchants/ insurance partner shall be resolved directly between you and such third-party.
H. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EMI VAULT.
1. BFL through the Bajaj Finserv Platform have also made available EMI Vault feature.
2. You hereby agree and acknowledge the following, if you wish to avail EMI Vault:
(a) The EMI Vault enables you to make payment of the principle and interest component of your monthly instalments (“
EMI
”). Through the EMI Vault, you can pay any overdue EMI(s) of your loan(s). You may also make an advance payment towards the upcoming EMI(s) of your loan(s) as per your priority requirement (You may refer to the illustrations mentioned under point 8 of these terms for a broad understanding).
(b) The advance EMI paid by you through the EMI Vault will NOT earn any interest. Accordingly, NO interest is payable by BFL on the advance EMI amount.
(c) The advance payment, if any, made by you will NOT be considered as a part-prepayment or foreclosure of the loan(s).
(d) Following loans are NOT eligible for making advance EMI/ overdue EMI(s) payments through EMI Vault:
1. Loan against Fixed Deposit.
2. Loan against Security/ Shares.
3. Loan against Property
4. Home Loan.
5. Flexi Term Loan and Hybrid Flexi Loan
(e) The advance EMI amount paid by you will be:
1. applied for repayment of your outstanding overdue EMIs and/ or upcoming EMI only
2. first adjusted against outstanding EMI(s) and thereafter, the balance amount, if any, shall be adjusted towards EMI of loan(s) as per the priority list of loans selected by you (refer to illustration C titled “Overdue”, under point 8 of these terms).
(f) In the event advance amount paid by you is in excess of outstanding EMI(s) and/ or EMI of current month, the same will be adjusted against the EMI of subsequent month as per the priority list of loans selected by you. Further, any excess amount after recovery of total outstanding EMI(s) of loan(s) i.e. principal and interest component will be refunded to you.
(g) While we endeavour to promptly adjust the amount paid by you against you outstanding EMI, there may be inadvertent delay due to technology issues or failure in the transaction attributable to reasons beyond the control of Bajaj Finance Limited (bank/ third party technology providers).
(h) Illustrations:
Setting the Priority:
In case of multiple loans, you must set a priority of payment to complete the setup process. Basis priority setup, money that you have added to the EMI Vault will be adjusted on the 26th of the Month.
Example - Raj has 3 loans (non-overdue) with following priorities:
Personal Loan - Priority 1
Consumer Durable Digital - Priority 2
Consumer Durable Loan 2 - Priority 3
Raj confirms the priority and completes setup. When Raj adds money in EMI Vault, then money will be added against Loan at priority 1 first. When EMI for Loan 1 is covered for the month, then money will be added against Loan at priority 2 and so on.
You can edit the priority any time before 26th of the month.
Example - Raj changes his loan priority before 26th of the month, new priority is as follows -
Consumer Durable Loan 2 - EMI Rs. 1,000 - Priority 1
Consumer Durable Digital - EMI Rs. 2,000 - Priority 2
Personal Loan - EMI Rs. 3,000 - Priority 3
Money will be added against the LANs as per new priority set by the Raj. Raj adds money in EMI Vault. Money added by the Customer will be reserved as advance against loan at priority 1 - Consumer Durable Loan 2. When complete EMI amount for the month is covered for Loan 1, then the money that will be added further will be reserved as advance against loan at priority 2 - Consumer Durable Digital and then loan at priority 3 -Personal loan.
Advance Payment:
You can make advance payment (partial/ full) for your upcoming EMI by adding money in EMI Vault. For money to be added as advance, all your Loans should be non-overdue.
Example 1 - Raj has 3 loans (non-overdue) with following priorities:
Personal Loan - EMI Rs. 3,000 - Priority 1
Consumer Durable Digital - EMI Rs. 2,000 - Priority 2
Consumer Durable Loan 2 EMI Rs. 1,000 - Priority 3
EMI Vault status after adding money -
Personal Loan - EMI Rs. 3,000 - advance money added till date = Rs. 500 - Priority 1
Consumer Durable Digital - EMI Rs. 2,000 - Priority 2
Consumer Durable Loan 2 EMI Rs. 1,000 - Priority 3
Raj adds Rs. 500 in EMI Vault. Rs. 500 added by Raj are reserved as advance against loan at priority 1 - Personal Loan, which will be used for payment of his upcoming month EMI after it is adjusted from EMI Vault. When complete EMI amount for the month is covered for Loan 1, then the money that will be added further will be reserved as advance against loan at priority 2 and so on.
Example 2 - Raj has 3 loans (non-overdue) with following priorities:
Personal Loan - EMI Rs. 3,000 - advance money added till date = Rs. 3,000 -Priority 1
Consumer Durable Digital - EMI Rs. 2,000 - advance money added till date = Rs. 500 - Priority 2
Consumer Durable Loan 2 EMI Rs. 1,000 - Priority 3
Raj adds Rs. 3,500 in EMI Vault. Rs. 3,000 added are reserved as advance against loan at priority 1 - Personal Loan, remaining Rs. 500 are reserved as advance against loan at priority 2 - Consumer Durable Digital. This advance money will be used for payment of his upcoming month EMI after it is adjusted from the EMI Vault.
If Raj changes his loan priority any time before 26th of the month, then money will be reserved as advance against the loans according to newly defined priority from here onwards.
Overdue EMI(s) Payment
:
You can make payment for your overdue EMI(s) payment (partial/ full) through EMI Vault. If you have any loan/ loans that have overdue EMI(s), the amount you add in EMI Vault will be FIRST used for clearance of your overdue EMI(s) amount (interest and principal component). Overdue EMI(s) amount successfully credit to BFL account will be reduced against the relevant loan account in real-time and same will be displayed to you.
Example 1 - Raj has 3 loans with following priorities:
Personal Loan - EMI Rs. 3,000 – Overdue EMI = Rs. 1,200 - Priority 1
Consumer Durable Digital - EMI Rs. 2,000 - Priority 2
Consumer Durable Loan 2 EMI Rs. 1,000 - Overdue EMI= Rs. 560 - Priority 3
Raj adds Rs. 1,200 in EMI Vault. EMI Vault status after added amount is used for overdue EMI(s) clearance -
Personal Loan - EMI Rs. 3,000 – Overdue EMI = Rs. 0 - Priority 1
Consumer Durable Digital - EMI Rs. 2,000 - Priority 2
Consumer Durable Loan 2 EMI Rs. 1,000 - Overdue EMI = Rs. 560 - Priority 3
Example 2 - Raj has 3 loans with following priorities:
Personal Loan - EMI Rs. 3,000 – Overdue EMI = Rs. 1,200 - Priority 1
Consumer Durable Digital - EMI Rs. 2,000 - Priority 2
Consumer Durable Loan 2 EMI Rs. 1,000 - Overdue EMI = Rs. 560 - Priority 3
Raj adds Rs. 1,500 in EMI Vault. EMI Vault status after added amount is used for overdue EMI(s) clearance -
Personal Loan - EMI Rs. 3,000- Overdue EMI = Rs. 0 - Priority 1
Consumer Durable Digital - EMI Rs. 2,000 - Priority 2
Consumer Durable Loan 2 EMI Rs. 1,000 - Overdue EMI = Rs. 260 - Priority 3
Example 3 - Raj has 3 loans with following priorities:
Personal Loan - EMI Rs. 3,000 - Overdue EMI = Rs. 1,200 - Priority 1
Consumer Durable Digital - EMI Rs. 2,000 - Priority 2
Consumer Durable Loan 2 EMI Rs. 1,000 - Overdue EMI = Rs. 560 - Priority 3
Raj adds Rs. 2,000 in EMI Vault. EMI Vault status after added amount is used for overdue EMI(s) clearance -
Personal Loan - EMI Rs. 3,000 - Overdue EMI = Rs. 0 - advance money added till date = Rs. 240 - Priority 1
Consumer Durable Digital - EMI Rs. 2,000 - Priority 2
Consumer Durable Loan 2 EMI Rs. 1,000 - Overdue EMI = Rs. 0 - Priority 3
When all the overdue EMI(s) are cleared, money will be reserved as advance against the Loans according to the priority defined by the Raj.
I. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR BFL REWARDS:
These Terms and Conditions (the "Rewards Terms") apply to and regulate the various Reward Program Schemes (Ref Clause 32 of Terms of Use) and are in addition to Terms of Use governing the ‘Reward Programs’ of Bajaj Finance Limited and as available on while using Bajaj Finserv App and/or at BFL Network, excluding third-party insurance products. To the extent of any inconsistency between these Reward Terms and the Terms of Use, these Terms shall prevail on the subject matter pertaining to Reward Programs. Terms used in capitalised form and not defined herein, shall have the meaning assigned to them under the Terms of Use. All Customers accessing BFL Rewards shall be deemed to read, understood, and agreed to be bound by these Reward Terms.
1. Scope:
(a) You/ Customer (Defined in Terms of Use) may be entitled for the various Reward Program Scheme(s) subject to fulfilment of eligibility criteria as stipulated in various Reward Program Scheme displayed/ available in Bajaj Finserv App/ BFL Network in order to avail BFL/ its group/ affiliate/ subsidiary/ holding company/ partner Products/ Services, as the case may be.
(b) Reward Program Scheme shall come in force from the Effective Date and shall be available to Bajaj Finserv App Customers only, on and after the Effective Date.
(c) The terms of use and eligibility shall be expressly detailed along with each and every Reward Program Scheme of the particular or related BFL Product/ Service and the same shall be binding on You. The BFL rewards program is a multi-mode loyalty program in which a Customer gets rewarded with pre-designated number of loyalty points post completion of certain activity such as carrying out a certain transaction or fulfilment of certain pre-decided event associated with the reward to avail cashback, Bajaj Coins, promo points and vouchers.
(d) The cashback, Bajaj Coins, promo points and vouchers shall be awarded to the Customer at the sole discretion of BFL.
(e) None of the Reward Program Scheme include betting and wagering.
(f) Customer’s participation in any reward Program Scheme shall be completely voluntary. Customers may chose to not to participate in the Reward program Scheme. BFL does not guarantee any reward points, cashback, Promo points and vouchers to any Customer.
(g) Customers must not participate in the Reward Program Scheme if they are prohibited by the respective State, municipal or other local area body laws from participating in such promotions or if such reward program scheme are not permitted to be offered within such jurisdictions.
2. BFL Rewards Program:
BFL Rewards Program allows eligible Bajaj Finserv App Customers to accumulate rewards by transacting on the Bajaj Finserv App and BFL Network and is open to eligible registered Bajaj Finserv App Customers having a valid operative account with BFL. The various types/ categories of BFL Rewards Programs as mentioned below:
(a) Rewards Cashback:
Rewards Cashback can be in the form of remittances into the Bajaj Pay Sub Wallet or in the form of a scratch card.
Cashback is accumulated only at the Customer’s Bajaj Pay Sub Wallet (which shall be part of the Customer’s Bajaj Pay Wallet) and Customers without Bajaj Pay Wallet/ Bajaj Pay Sub-Wallet may or may not receive the associated cashback or other equivalent reward, at the sole discretion of BFL.
There may be certain activities on Bajaj Finserv App which are associated with assured cashback rewards and some activities where cashback rewards are randomized on the basis of unbiased automated algorithm having no manual intervention, while considering the maximum earning potential per Customer per annum.
In case of closure/ termination of customer’s Bajaj Pay Wallet or Bajaj Pay Sub-Wallet, the associated cashback shall automatically stand lapsed and shall not be capable of being used/ redeemed. Where Rewards Cashback is in the form of a Scratch Card, the scratch card shall automatically lapse on expiry of 30 days from the day of issuance of the scratch card.
The earned cashback can be used/ redeemed while making part/ full payments towards your purchases of products/ services from BFL, making bill payments/ recharges within the Bajaj Finserv App in the manner as specified under the Reward Program Scheme and the Terms and Conditions governing Bajaj Pay Sub-wallet from time to time.
Once redeemed, Cashback redemption transactions cannot be cancelled, varied or reversed.
The Customers acknowledge that the cashback earned by them cannot be transferred to- any bank account, any other Bajaj Pay Wallet/ Sub Wallet or withdrawn as cash.
Customers understand and agree that the Cashback cannot be used for loan repayment or for payment of credit card dues.
(b) Bajaj Coins:
The accumulated Bajaj Coins can be redeemed/ used by the Customers for a wide variety of payment transactions as offered and specified by BFL.
Once redeemed, Redemption cannot be cancelled, varied or reversed.
On redemption, the reward points so redeemed would be automatically subtracted from the accumulated Bajaj Coins in the BFL Customer’s Account.
Customer can use these accumulated Bajaj Coins to purchase vouchers from identified third party platforms as may be made available from time to time.
A Customer can also convert these Bajaj Coins to Bajaj Pay Sub-wallet cash.
The conversion ratio and the minimum reward points required for redemption are specified on the Bajaj Finserv App and may vary from event to event.
The conversion rate of accumulated Bajaj Coins, irrespective of the event of earning, may vary at sole discretion of BFL and is subject to change without any prior information to the Customer.
BFL reserves the right to add/ alter/ modify/ change or vary all of these terms & conditions or to replace wholly, or in part, the offer by other offers, whether similar to the offer or not, or to withdraw it altogether at any time, without prior notice,.
BFL reserves the right to extend or terminate this program at its sole discretion.
The rewards earning system shall follow an anniversary year (365 days) of reward-earning, however, certain Reward Program Schemes may stipulate expiry of Bajaj Coins as per the Reward Program Schemes terms and condition.
(c) Vouchers:
The usage of the vouchers earned/ purchased from the BFL Rewards program will be governed by the Terms & Conditions of the Merchant/ Brand/ Vendor/ Commercial Partner who is issuing the voucher.
The Voucher offer is solely brought to you by the participating Merchant/ Brand/ Vendor/ Commercial Partner and BFL holds no warranty and is not representative of the delivery, services, suitability, merchantability, availability or quality either of the voucher or of the products/ services made available to you by Merchant/ Brand/ Vendor/ Commercial Partner under this offer.
BFL holds no warranty with respect to the quality of products/ services acquired or their suitability for any purpose for the earned vouchers. Customers understands that any disputes regarding delivery, service, suitability, merchantability, availability or quality of the products/ services under the voucher must be addressed by the Customer directly with Merchant/ Brand/ Vendor/ Commercial Partner and that BFL shall not entertain any communication in this regard.
Any images displayed on the Bajaj Finserv App for vouchers are for illustrative purposes only. Characteristics of actual product/ services may vary.
BFL shall not be liable for any loss or damage whatsoever that may be suffered, or for any personal injury that may be suffered, to a Customer, directly or indirectly, by use or non-use of products/ services under vouchers.
(d) BFL Promo Points:
Promo points refer to closed loop reward points awarded to Customers pursuant to promotional campaigns run by BFL and/ or select BFL Network Partners, which can be redeemed at BFL selected network partner stores only within a limited time frame. Customers, may at any time in the Bajaj Finserv App, see the maximum promo points associated with a particular BFL network partner.
For Example:
Network Partner A = 150 promo points
Network Partner B = 1,000 promo points
Network Partner C = 780 promo points
In terms of the example above, Customer can see “
Up to 1,000 promo points
” as his/ her available promo points in the Bajaj Finserv App along with the participating merchants and their promo points program. However, Customer will be able redeem the Promo points to the extent which are available for said Network Partner.
3. UTILIZATION OF BFL REWARD PROGRAM:
(a) Criteria for Bajaj Coins Redemption:
For Customers having relationship with BFL and having Bajaj Pay Wallet, the available Bajaj Coins will be shown to Customer in INR (Basis the conversion rate as decided by BFL) in his Bajaj Pay Sub-Wallet.
Customer shall only be eligible to redeem the Bajaj Coins, against the transaction, if his/ her available Bajaj Coins are equal to or greater than 200 units. For Customers having relationship with BFL however not having Bajaj Pay Wallet, the redemption of BFL reward points against selected transactions shall only happen, if such Customer has a minimum of 200 Bajaj Coins and creates his/ her Bajaj Pay Wallet before carrying out the transaction. For Customers not having any relationship with BFL but having a Bajaj Pay Wallet, the available Bajaj Coins will be shown to the Customer in INR (Basis the conversion rate) in his Bajaj Pay Sub Wallet. Such Customer will only be eligible to redeem the BFL reward points against the transaction, if his/ her available Bajaj Coins are equal to or greater than 200 units. For Customers neither having any relationship with BFL and nor having Bajaj Pay Wallet, the redemption of Bajaj Coins against selected transactions will only happen if the Customer has a minimum of 200 Bajaj Coins and creates his/ her Bajaj Pay Wallet before carrying out the transaction. If any Customer wants to purchase voucher/ eGift cards/ deals using his Bajaj Coins, Customer should have a minimum of 100 Bajaj Coins.
Note:
A Customer shall not be entitled to earn any reward (even where applicable) or a transaction which is coupled with BFL reward redemption (Earn/ Redemption cannot happen for the same transaction)
(b) Bajaj Coins can only be redeemed against:
Any BBPS, mobile prepaid transaction, subject to the Customer meeting the eligibility criteria.
Offline payments at selected BFL Network merchants
Purchase of eGift cards/ vouchers/ deals from Bajaj Dealz.
(c) Bajaj Coins cannot be used for:
Payment of investment (FD etc)
Payment of loan (EMI)
Payment of Loan processing fee.
Repayment of overdue loan
Payment for insurance
Payment for pocket insurance
Payment for purchase of add-ons/ deals in Bajaj Finserv App
(d) Issuance of Bajaj Coins to Customer with and without Bajaj Pay wallet:
If the Customer does not have a Bajaj Pay Wallet, then he might get rewarded with equivalent Bajaj Coins for the cashback earned for any given transaction.
If the Customer has a Bajaj Pay wallet but with Min KYC and his available balance is equal to or greater than 10,000 INR, then Customer might get rewarded with equivalent Bajaj Coins for the cashback he/ she has earned for any given transaction.
If the Customer has a Bajaj Pay Wallet and his Min KYC got expired, then he/ she might get rewarded with equivalent Bajaj Coins for the cashback he/ she has earned for any given transaction.
If the Customer’s Bajaj Pay Wallet has been closed/ termination, then he/ she might get rewarded with equivalent Bajaj Coins for the cashback he/ she has earned for any given transaction.
BFL shall have the sole discretion for any decision with respect to BFL Reward Program Schemes. Customer understands and agrees that he/ she shall not have any right to challenge or raise dispute against BFLs' decision.
(e) BFL Reward Program criteria for delinquent and fraud customers:
If BFL has suspicion or knowledge that any Customer has been involved in any fraudulent or illegal activity either directly or indirectly and/ or if the Bajaj Coins or promo points goes in negative balance, BFL reserves the right to disqualify such Customer or mark such account as suspect fraud.
Such customer shall not be able to earn or redeem any reward during such disqualification period.
BFL may exercise discretion to forfeit any reward earned by such customer prior to disqualification as well.
BFL reserves the right to fix maximum threshold of Bajaj Coins/ Cashback earning and redemption.
BFL reserves the right to disqualify a Customer if he/ she has been found delinquent basis BFL policy. Such customers will not be eligible for the rewards program.
4) Eligibility:
Your entitlement of availing the Loyalty Program(s)/ Reward Program shall be subject to fulfilling the eligibility criteria which will be available and displayed along with each and every BFL Products/ Services as binding on YOU provided:
(a) You have successfully downloaded and installed the Bajaj Finserv App
(b) You have successfully registered and completed you profile details to use the Bajaj Finserv App
(c) You are NOT a delinquent customer as per BFL policy
(d) You are NOT flagged as a fraud customer under rewards program
BFL at its sole discretion, may grant goodwill points to the Customer, if such customer satisfies the criteria as laid down by BFL team. Goodwill points could be given in following scenarios:
Customer did not receive his reward;
Mismatch of issuance of rewards;
5)
Process of Claim/ Utilization Reward Program Schemes:
The process of claim shall be available along with the terms of use of various Reward Programs offered and the same shall be binding on YOU in addition to the Terms herein, if YOU proceed to claim the Loyalty Program benefits as per the Reward Program Scheme.
6) GRIEVANCES REDRESSAL:
You shall take recourse to the dispute or grievances redressal procedures as stipulated in respective Reward Program Schemes for effective redressal of Your grievances, if any.
7) NO EXCHANGE:
BFL shall NOT entertain any request for exchange of Reward Program Schemes.
8) REWARD PROGRAM SCHEME IN PROCESS:
There may be certain events where the reward earned by the customer is in a locked state and unlocking of reward depend upon fulfilment of certain event. In such a scenario, the reward would get unlocked and available for redemption only after successful completion of the stipulated event. For example: A customer earned a reward for creation of a Bajaj Pay Wallet, however such a reward is locked as redemption of such a reward is dependent upon a subsequent activity like money being loaded into the Bajaj Pay Wallet by the customer. Customer can access the locked rewards through ‘rewards in process’ section of the Bajaj Finserv App.
9) EXTENSION/ CANCELLATION/ WITHDRAWAL OF REWARD PROGRAM SCHEME:
BFL reserves the right to extend or cancel, withdraw or terminate any Reward Program Scheme without prior notice to YOU.
10) BFL reserves the right, to add/ alter/ modify/change or vary all of these terms & conditions or to replace wholly, or in part, the offer under Reward Program Schemes by other offers, whether similar to the offer or not, at any time, without prior notice.
11) The offers under Reward Program Schemes, unless specifically mentioned, cannot be combined with any other offers under Reward Program Scheme.
12) Customer understands that all applicable taxes, fees and levies (excluding ‘gift’ tax or tax deducted at source, where applicable) shall be solely borne by the Customer.
13) Whenever it is found that the Customer has provided any incorrect/ false/ misleading information at the time of registration for availing the Reward Program Schemes and/ or at the time of collecting his/ her Loyalty Program benefits, then BFL shall have the right to cancel his/ her entitlement/ registration.
14) Customer acknowledges that BFL is not a supplier/ manufacturer/ issuer of the products purchased by Customer in order to earn Reward Program Schemes and will not accept any liability in relation thereto pertaining to the quality, merchantability or the fitness for any purpose or any other aspect of the products or Loyalty Programs provided by third parties.
15) BFL, its group entities/ affiliates or their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, vendors, etc., shall not be liable for any loss or damage whatsoever that may be suffered, or for any personal injury that may be suffered by a Customer, directly or indirectly, including for reasons arising out of use or non-use of products/ services or participation in order to avail the benefits of any Reward Program Scheme in any manner what so ever.
16) BFL shall not be liable for termination or delay or non-availability of any Reward Program Scheme’s benefits due to any force majeure event (pandemic situation/ system failure) and will not be liable for any consequences whatsoever.
17) In addition to these Reward Terms herein, the Terms of Use and terms and conditions of respective offers under respective Reward Program Schemes, shall be applicable and will be binding on You. By participating in Reward Program Schemes, YOU shall be deemed to have read, understood and unconditionally accepted the terms and conditions herein.
18) Disputes, if any, arising out of or in connection, with or as a result of the Reward Program Schemes, shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of competent courts at Pune.
19) These Reward Terms shall be governed by the Laws of India.
J. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR MUTUAL FUNDS:
OVERVIEW
Bajaj Finance Limited (“BFL/Mutual Fund Distributor”), a AMFI registered Mutual Fund Distributor (Registration no. ARN - 90319). Corporate Address: ,.
6th Floor Bajaj Finserv Corporate Office, Off Pune-Ahmednagar Road, Viman Nagar, Pune - 411014
. offers this Mutual Fund Platform
(“Platform”)
,
to its Users subject to compliance with all the terms and conditions set forth herein, read along with all documents, including but not limited to; applications forms and undertakings, signed by you during account opening, and any terms/consents/policies included on BFL’s website/mobile application including its “
Terms of Use
”, “
Privacy Policy
”, “
Disclaimer
” “
Grievance
” and “
Disclosure
” (collectively referred to as
“Combined Terms of Use”
incorporated here by reference).
For the purpose of these terms, "Client", "You" or "Your", it shall mean any natural or legal person who has visited BFL’s website/mobile application, has registered/shown an interest to register or initiated the on-boarding process for opening an account with BFL for investment in Mutual Funds offered through this Platform. Use of the Platform and acceptance of these terms shall be construed as your explicit acceptance to the Terms of Use which shall be binding and enforceable
(“ Accepted Terms”)
between You and BFL, under the prevailing Law.
Please note that the information contained herein is subject to change without notice. You are advised to periodically check the Terms of Use for continued use of the Platform. Your continued use of or access to the Platform following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.
1. USE OF SERVICES
In accordance with the applicable laws, the Client hereby appoints BFL, entirely at his / her / its risk, to provide the required services in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Accepted Terms .
You hereby represent that:
You have full legal capacity and authorizations to be a party to this Accepted Terms and it shall form a legal, valid and binding obligation on you.
You acknowledge that you are completely aware of the Accepted Terms and of all the risks associated with the nature of the services and the transactions contemplated under the Accepted Terms, whether explicitly set out in the Accepted Terms or not, and shall not hold BFL or any person appointed by it, responsible for the same.
You understand that the use of the Platform is purely voluntary at your own risk and volition. The Services provided would include access to invest in Mutual Funds and other securities made available through the Platform (referred to as “
Services
”).
This Accepted Terms represents the complete understanding of the parties regarding the subject matter and supersedes any prior understanding or Accepted Terms, oral or written.
No services other than those discussed in this Accepted Terms, are implied or guaranteed, except as agreed herein by the parties.
You understand and acknowledge that the relationship arrangement enshrined under this Accepted Terms is based on non-exclusivity of services. You will retain absolute discretion over all investment and implementation decisions.
This Platform may be integrated with other third-party mobile applications and website to offer the Services to users of these third-party applications and website. Such third-party integrations however will be as approved by BFL according to the contractual arrangements that BFL may enter with these third parties. Such integrations will be displayed with BFL Registration no.
Existing Clients who wish to take/ are taking distribution services will not be eligible for availing advisory services within the group.
You also confirm that before utilizing the Services, pursuant to this Accepted Terms, you do not avail any distribution services relationship with any of the Bajaj Group Entities. For abundant clarity, Bajaj Group Entities shall mean any company which is a holding company or subsidiary company or an associate company of BFL or a subsidiary company or associate company of the holding company of BFL.
Investments by residents outside India, Non-Resident Indians, citizens of country other than India, Politically exposed persons shall not be permitted to use the Platform and its Services, in accordance with BFL internal policy.
The Term of this Accepted Terms shall start from the date of acceptance of these Mutual Funds Terms of Use and shall be valid until terminated.
2. SCOPE OF SERVICES
2.1
Client Onboarding:
In order to avail the services offered through the Platform, you will be required to complete the on-boarding process including but not limited to verification of KYC, Bank details, completion of Risk profile and FATCA declarations required under applicable laws and regulations. You acknowledge that BFL may deny offering Services to You if you do not fulfil the internal conditions for these declarations and verification.
BFL shall retrieve your KYC information from CKYC registry and share it with its MF Partners. In case you do not have a KYC registration, BFL will facilitate your KYC registration on CKYC registry.
BFL shall validate the ownership of bank information provided by You through a penny drop validation process or require you to provide valid bank statement or bank’s certificate as deemed necessary. You understand that investing through bank account other than yours is not permitted. You shall be solely responsible for your acts and omission for the information you provide. If it is identified, that the bank account information provided does not belong to you, BFL shall reserve the right to suspend or terminate your access to the Platform.
You agree and confirm that you shall provide true, accurate and all the required details for completing the onboarding process including but not limited to personal identification details, address, account details etc. BFL is registered with CERSAI, NSDL and such other partners (“MF Partners”), as an intermediary for verification of KYC record of its clients. In order to comply with applicable laws and regulations of the country, you may be required to provide necessary information, document for registration and to update KYC records.
You agree to provide supporti.ng document proof as required on the Platform in context to the extent of information provided to BFL. You also affirm on providing any additional document if required by BFL/ Regulatory authorities.
You further authorize BFL to share your information including but not limited to their KYC information with these partners, Asset Management Companies of these Mutual Funds for purpose of validation and compliance with applicable regulations.
You shall be further required to verify the email id provided by You. It is also advised that you register on the Platform with the mobile number linked to your bank account for ease of use of Services. All communications in connections with the Services hereunder shall be made on the registered and verified e-mail address and mobile number.
You agree to keep the information provided by You as complete, accurate and up-to-date at all times, and you shall notify BFL of any change in the information provided at the time of on-boarding through its Customer Portal on the platform. All changes may be subject to further verification as deemed necessary by BFL.
2.2 Risk Profile:
You also understand that the risk profiler assessment will be enabled only once you are investment ready. The risk profiles questionnaire and reports are based on certain assumptions and does not factor a lot of dynamic factors and parameters which are unique to an individual, therefore the recommendations are not warranted for accuracy and should not to be treated as an investment advice.
You are advised to enter, modify, update if there are any changes in the conditions forming a parameter of risk profile to reflect the more updated recommendations.
You understand that the use of the Platform is purely voluntary at your own risk and volition.
The Services provided would enable access to invest in Mutual Funds and other securities made available through the Platform. In order to invest, the Platform may make available certain information, tool, research content, recommendations based on the answers provided by You in the questionnaire as available under risk profile on the platform; in order to enable You to make investment choices based on Your investment goals and risk appetite. The information, tool, research content, recommendations made on the Platform does not constitute any investment advice, tax advice or legal advice of any nature. You understand that the recommendations made on the platform is a self-help tool and any investment made by You is on your sole discretion.
You also understand and agree that past trend of the funds does not in any manner define the future trends. BFL shall in no manner be responsible for acts, omission or commission by You for placing reliance on the investment information and/or recommendations made on the Platform or resulting from your decision to invest in any of the Services offered through the Platform.
You shall have the sole discretion to decide on whether to act upon the risk profiler recommendation and/or assessment provided by BFL as a self-help tool.
It is advised that You go through the investment related documents, including but not limited to Key Information Memorandum (KIM), Scheme Information Document (SID), risk factors thoroughly and carefully before making any investment decision.
2.3 Transaction:
You acknowledge that the transactions are at your sole discretion/decision and your transactions will be based on your capacity to invest. Thus, you can either do a lumpsum investment or have a Systematic Investment Plan (SIP) where a mandate will be registered through your payment method after your consent for deduction of automatic monthly investment.
The execution services are offered on the Platform through BSEStarMF, which allows You to transact in Mutual Funds made available through BSE.
The Platform provides placement of order and payment through RBI approved methods of payment including NEFT/RTGS, UPI, and e-NACH mandate on Integrated Capital Services Ltd, (ICSL) clearing corporation of BSE, you acknowledge that order shall be considered placed only post the payment is made also transaction will be completed by the RTA (Registrar Transfer Agents) by allotment of units, hereafter. Allotment/Redemption of NAV is subject to cut-off time published by the exchange. Any transaction request placed on a non-Business Day or outside the cut off time for that business day would be processed on the next working day and respective NAV would be applicable as per the Mutual Fund's SID. BFL shall not be responsible for any loss that may arise as a result of incorrect NAV applied or delay in units allotted to You.
Redemptions and dividends shall be credited directly in the Bank account provided by You on the Platform, at the time of on-boarding or last updated information.
You will have complete visibility of your Portfolio on the Platform, upon logging in with your access credentials.
You hereby declare that You are authorized to avail of all the Services that are offered on the Platform and the monies used to invest into Mutual Fund scheme(s), or towards any product or services availed by You, is through legitimate sources only and does not involve and is not designed for the purpose of any contravention or evasion of any Act, Rules, Regulations, Notifications or Directions issued any statutory or regulatory or government authority from time to time.
You acknowledge that several services on the Platform are offered in partnership with other third-party entities which may be subject to its specific terms and conditions. You are required to go through these terms and conditions prior to initiating any transaction. All transactions through the Platform shall be tagged under BFL ARN Code 90319.
You accept that BFL and its partners shall, in good faith, transmit, execute, the requests placed by You through the Platform and authenticated through your credentials to be placed by You. BFL and its partners shall not be liable for any losses, harm, damage caused to you in this regard.
3. SEGREGATION OF SERVICES:
BFL shall maintain an arms-length relationship between its distribution services and investment advisory services if any offered by any of the Bajaj Group entities.
BFL does not provide any tax, legal, investment advice as on date. Hence all users who avail of any service offered by BFL shall not be categorized as advisory clients and will be execution only by clients.
4. MODIFICATIONS:
BFL retains the unconditional right to modify the terms herein including amendment of the Combined Terms of Use, correction of inaccuracies, clarification of ambiguities, change in nature of services, organization restructuring etc.
You agree and understand that it is your responsibility to check the terms and conditions periodically for any changes or modifications. Continued use of services by You would be construed /deemed to be explicit consent to the changes made to the Accepted Terms, which shall be legally binding and enforceable on You.
BFL Recommends that you to go through the provided link for detailed awareness of Combined Terms of use :
https://www.bajajfinserv.in/terms-of-use
5. CONFIDENTIALITY:
You acknowledge and accept that the right to use the Platform is personal to You and cannot be assigned, transferred, sub-licensed in any condition to any other person or entity. You affirm that the confidentiality of the credentials lies solely with you. You also acknowledge and agree that under any breach in the confidentiality of the credentials, BFL shall not be held liable.
BFL shall take all commercially reasonable steps to protect the confidentiality of data provided to BFL by You and shall maintain the account and to handle all data/ information provided for the onboarding process and thereafter with utmost care for as long as required to offer the Services hereunder, any other services which You may avail through the BFL platform, as may be required to maintain under applicable laws.
You acknowledge that, if any information is required by an appropriate government authority or by the Regulators and You unconditionally authorize BFL to divulge said confidential information.
6. SUSPENSION OF ACCOUNT:
You understand and agree that your account will be suspended/terminated at BFL’s sole discretion under the following circumstance:
In case you do not comply with any of the terms and conditions or any modifications thereof as is in the Accepted Terms.
If BFL determines or has a reason to believe that, any activity or transaction is carried out with an intent to deceive, fraud, or abuse the underlying system and software in any manner.
BFL/ Regulators believes that any order placed and/or transaction done by you is contrary to the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002 (PMLA)
For adhering to regulatory orders.
In the event of death, insolvency, dissolution or winding up of a Client during the tenor of this Accepted Terms, and on receipt of notice, in writing of such an event, the Accepted Terms shall stand terminated only with respect to such Client with effect from the date of such an event.
You agree that termination of your relationship with BFL for any reason, shall result in losing access to your account on the Platform. In such an event, that Your account is suspended/terminated, you may access the units of Mutual Funds that you have invested in through the RTAs like CAMS and Karvy. You may further redeem, switch, withdraw, and transmit to nominee the units of existing Mutual Funds purchased through the Platform from respective AMCs directly.
7. GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL:
BFL provides multiple channels for its customers to connect with BFL. You may refer to the Grievance redressal process available on the website :- https://www.bajajfinserv.in/grievance-redressal
BFL shall endeavour to resolve the queries at the earliest, however you acknowledge that certain resolutions may be dependent on third-party like BSE Star MF, and RTA through which the services have been availed, in such an event the resolution timeline shall be dependent on the time taken by such parties to offer resolution. You may also communicate directly with the Mutual Fund/AMC to resolve any issues and seek any clarifications that may be required pertaining to your investments in such Mutual Fund Schemes.
8. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, INDEMNITY
You hereby expressly acknowledge and agree that all investment in Mutual Funds are subject to risks including, without limitation market risks, liquidity risk, fund manager risk, concentration risk, inflation risks etc., and in no circumstance shall BFL be liable for any losses suffered by You as a result of use of this Platform and or any investment made through the Platform.
The participation by the BFL customers in Mutual Fund products is purely on a voluntary basis and this information shall be stated in all publicity material distributed by it in a prominent way. There shall be no 'linkage' either direct or indirect between the provisions of financial services offered by the NBFC to its customers and distribution of the Mutual Fund products.
BFL does not, in the course of performing its services, hold out any investment advice implying any assured returns or minimum returns or target return or percentage accuracy or service provision till achievement of target returns or any other nomenclature that gives the impression that the investment advice is risk free and/or not susceptible to market risks and or that it can generate returns with any level of assurance.
You hereby agree and acknowledge that the data and information provided on the Platform does not constitute advice of any nature whatsoever. You shall be solely responsible for any investment decisions and for the purchase of any mutual funds on the Platform and for placing reliance on the information provided on the Platform.
You recognize that BFL will not record or validate any of the IP address through which the transactions are placed, provided the user logs in with the access credentials assigned to you; and BFL shall not be held liable, to presume that the transactions have been placed by you.
This Platform is an order collection platform and payment shall be facilitated through Integrated Capital Services Ltd, (ICSL) clearing corporation of BSE. You expressly agree that BFL is not liable or responsible and does not represents or warrant for any damages regarding non-execution of orders or any incorrect execution of orders with regards to the order placed for the chosen funds by You using the Platform, but not being limited to any link/ system failure, sufficient/ insufficient funds at your end, BFL or the exchange platform.
BFL does not warrant that all transactions placed by You through the Platform shall be accepted by such MF Partners, RTA, BSE and AMCs. Transactions may be rejected if it does not conform to the SIDs, KIM of such Mutual Funds or for any other reason as determined by MF Partners, RTA BSE and AMCs
With limited number of schemes available on the Platform, BFL does not make any representation or claim as to the quality, performance or nature of any AMC or mutual fund scheme, or any other representation, warranty or guaranty, express or implied in respect of such mutual fund schemes/AMCs. BFL further does not receive any commission from Mutual Fund/AMCs for transactions facilitated through the Platform. BFL shall not have any liability for your losses due to your decisions to transact in any Mutual Fund schemes.
BFL shall not incur any liability by reason of any loss, which You may suffer by reason of any depletion in the value of the assets under advice, which may result by reason of fluctuation in asset value, or by reason of non-performance or under performance of the securities/funds or any other market conditions.
Your Account on the Platform may be susceptible to a number of frauds, misuse, phishing, hacking and other actions, which could affect the instructions sent to and from BFL. BFL does not provide any guarantees against such internet frauds, phishing, hacking and other actions.
You agree and undertake not to hold BFL and its service providers, MF Partners liable for the following:
any delay or failure in processing the transactions carried out by you due to any system failure or for any other reason whatsoever.
for any loss or damage incurred or suffered by you due to any error, defect, failure or interruption in the dealing arising from or caused by any reason whatsoever.
for any fraud, negligence/mistake or misconduct by you including failure to comply with the KRA/KYC norms or provision of a valid PAN or PMLA requirements.
for any loss or damage incurred or suffered by you due to withdrawal or termination or suspension of this facility arising from or caused by any reason whatsoever.
Notwithstanding anything contrary contained herein, the service the interface and the API of the platform, and their respective information, data and pricing, and availability are subject to human, mechanical and typographic, or other error, oversights, mistakes, limitations, delays, service interruptions, and other problems inherent in, or which may be associated with the use of the internet or electronic communications including, without limitation, force majeure event, government/ regulatory actions, orders, circulars, notifications etc and/or acts of third parties etc. affecting or impacting the service, the interface or the API work, its information and data, or such communications. While BFL undertakes measures to ensure that such transmission is secure, error free or immune from cyber threats or attacks. BFL shall not be responsible whatsoever for delays, failures or other loss due to, in whole or in part, caused by or resulting from any such problems or errors.
You agree to keep BFL and its service providers, MF Partners, RTA indemnified and hold harmless at all times, against all monetary and other harm, injury, costs, losses, liabilities, damages, charges, actions, legal proceedings, claims and expenses and consequences including without limitation any attorney fee, whether direct or indirect, by reason of using the Services of MF Platform and/or doing and/or omitting to do anything in accordance with the Terms of Use or any instructions relating to the online dealing in mutual funds or any other services provided by BFL.
9. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
All rights to the Platform and the Services are held by BFL or its partners as applicable. Except as expressly permitted herein or on the Platform, none of the material provided on the Platform may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted, transferred or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of BFL. Further, you shall not transfer, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, modify or create derivative works based on the materials provided on the Platform.
The logo, copyright, trademarks, service marks, registered designs, database rights, patents and all similar rights in and relating to the Platform arising or subsisting in any country in the world and the information contained in it are owned by BFL, its licensors or relevant third-party service providers. Nothing contained in this Accepted Terms shall be construed as granting, by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed on BFL’s website/mobile application without the written permission of BFL or its partners and relevant affiliate.
You also agree not to use any information available on the Platform for any unlawful purpose, and you shall comply with all instructions and directions issued if any to protect the respective rights in the information.
10. FORCE MAJEURE:
Although BFL shall endeavour to minimize service disruptions, BFL and its partners shall not be liable and be excused from performance of its obligations under this Accepted Terms to the extent that performance is delayed, prevented, restricted or interfered as a result of causes beyond its reasonable control including but not limiting to natural calamities, epidemic, war, arson, civil disturbance, national emergencies, unavailability of any communication system including Internet, breach or virus, sabotage, acts of government, computer hacking, unauthorized access to computer data and storage devices, computer crashes, breach of security and encryption codes.
11. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
This Accepted Terms shall be governed by the Laws of India and courts in Pune shall have exclusive jurisdiction to decide on all matters concerning this Accepted Terms.
Disclaimer: "In case of any conflict between the Terms of Use in English language and the translated version in vernacular language updated on the website (
https://www.bajajfinserv.in/terms-of-use
), the English version shall prevail.”
SCHEDULE I
(FEE AND CHARGES)
Bajaj Finserv Services – Fees & Charges
Service
Charges (Rs.)
Account Opening or Upgrade (Full KYC wallet) for new customers
Up to Rs 50/- (Inclusive of applicable taxes)
Load Money
Charges (Rs.)
Through Credit card
Up to 5% per transaction (Inclusive of applicable taxes)
Through Debit card
Up to 5% per transaction (Inclusive of applicable taxes)
Through UPI
Rs 0/-
Through UPI (Via Rupay Credit Card)
Up to 5% per transaction (Inclusive of applicable taxes)
Through Net Banking
Up to 5% per transaction (Inclusive of applicable taxes)
* Subjected to charges approved within Regulatory guidelines and may get revised time to time
Payment
Charges (Rs.)
Payment at merchant
Rs 0/-
Payment to Utility bill/recharges/DTH
Up to 5% per transaction (Inclusive of applicable taxes)
* Subjected to charges approved within Regulatory guidelines and may get revised time to time
Transfer
Charges (Rs.)
Bajaj Pay Wallet to wallet
Rs 0/-
Bajaj Pay Wallet (Full KYC Only) to banak
Up to 5% per transaction (Inclusive of applicable taxes)
*For Failed transactions, total amount including charges & taxes are reversed.
*Additional Cess will be applicable as per State specific Laws.
*New customers are those who does not have any existing relationship with the Bajaj Finance Ltd and includes small PPI holders as well.
Bajaj Pay Fastag – Fees & Charges and Customer Convenience Fee
Types of Fees
Charges (Rs.) (Inclusive of applicable taxes)
Issuance Fee (VC04)
Rs. 100
Issuance Fee (Other Vehicles)
Up to Rs. 500
Reissuance Fee (VC04)
Rs. 100
Reissuance Fee (Other Vehicles)
Up to Rs. 500
Bajaj Pay Transit card – Fees & Charges and Customer Convenience Fee
Service
Charges (Rs.)
Issuance Fees
Up to Rs. 350 per card
Maintenance Charge
Up to Rs. 500 (per instance)
Re-Issuance Fees
Up to Rs. 350
Eg: Load Funds
If you are loading Rs. 1,000 to your Wallet then basis the charges being levied at that instance below will be the amount payable:
Sr. No
Mode
Charges including GST
Amount Payable*
1.
Credit Card
2%
1,020
2.
Debit Card
1%
1,010
3.
UPI
0%
1,000
4.
Net Banking
1.5%
1,015
*These are Charges basis agreement with the merchant and aggregator, based on selected payment instrument and subject to revision time to time and it is the customer’s responsibility to verify the same before initiating the transactions.
Bill Payment Services
If you are paying 1,000 towards a Biller on the app then basis the charges being levied at that instance below will be the amount payable:
Sr. No
Mode
Charges including GST
Amount Payable*
1.
Credit Card
2%
1,020
2.
Debit Card
0%
1,000
3.
UPI
0%
1,000
4.
Net Banking
0%
1,000
5.
Bajaj Pay Wallet
0%
1,000
6.
Payment of Rent using Credit Card as a Payment Mode
2%
1,020
7.
Prepaid Mobile Recharges
Rs. 5/-
1,005
*These are Charges basis agreement with the merchant and aggregator, based on selected payment instrument and subject to revision time to time and it is the customer’s responsibility to verify the same before initiating the transactions.
Bajaj Pay Wallet
If you are transferring Rs 1,000 from your wallet, then basis the charges being levied at that instance below will be the amount payable:
Sr. No
Mode
Charges including GST
Amount Payable*
1.
Bajaj Pay Wallet to Wallet
0%
1,000
2.
Bajaj Pay Wallet to Bank Account
Up to 5%
1,050
*These are Charges basis agreement with the merchant and aggregator, based on selected payment instrument and subject to revision time to time and it is the customer’s responsibility to verify the same before initiating the transactions. Wallet to Bank account transfer can happen only in case of Full KYC customers. For Failed transactions, total amount including charges are reversed but not Taxes.
Related videos
00:39
‌
How to make your loan payments
00:33
‌
How to clear overdue payments
00:38
‌
How to download your statement of account
00:38
‌
How to make Flexi part-prepayments
‌
‌
Customer care number
Check your loan details
Make an online payment
Download your loan statement
Please wait
Your page is almost ready
×
Go To Top
Languages
English - EN
हिंदी - HI (BETA)
Application Forms
Personal Loan
Business Loan
Home Loan
Gold Loan
Insta EMI Card
Wallet Care
Health Insurance
Loan for Doctors
Fixed Deposit
Loan Against Property
Loan for Chartered Accountants
Open Demat Account
Two-wheeler Loan
New Car Finance
Used Car Loan
Loan Against Car
Car Loan Balance Transfer and Top-up
Mutual Fund
Secured Business Loan
Loan for Lawyer
Used Tractor Loan
Loan Against Tractor
Tractor Loan Balance Transfer
Products Portfolio
Loans
Personal Loan
Insta Personal Loan
Business Loan
Home Loan
Gold Loan
MSME Loan
Mortgage Loan
Loan Against Property
Two & Three Wheeler Loan
Education Loan on Property
Personal Loan for Self-employed Individuals
Two-wheeler Loan
New Car Finance
Used Car Loan
Loan Against Car
Car Loan Balance Transfer and Top-up
Used Cars and Loan
Secured Business Loan
Secured Business Loan Balance Transfer
New Tractor Loan
Used Tractor Loan
Loan Against Tractor
Tractor Loan Balance Transfer
Loan for  Doctors
Loan for Chartered Accountants
Loan for Lawyers
Insurance
Insurance
Health Insurance
Life insurance
Term Insurance
ULIP Plans
Car Insurance
Pocket Insurance
Investment Plans
Appliances Extended Warranty
Pocket Subscription
Finance for Professionals
Loan for Doctors
Loan for Chartered Accountants
Investments
Fixed Deposit
Open Demat Account
Mutual Funds
NFO (New Fund Offer)
ELSS Mutual Funds
Equity Mutual Funds
Hybrid Mutual Funds
Debt Mutual Funds
Multi Cap Mutual Funds
Large Cap Mutual Funds
Mid Cap Mutual Funds
Small Cap Mutual Funds
Liquid Mutual Funds
Aggressive Hybrid Mutual Funds
Pocket Subscription
Mobile Protection Plan
Wallet Care
Fonesafe Lite
Neuro Care Plan
Health Prime Max
Cpp Road Assist
Healthy Body Package
Bajaj Mall
Smartphones
Mattress
Smartwatches
Cycles
Music & Audio
Speakers
Water Purifiers
Laptops
Two-wheeler
Washing Machine
Televisions
Air Conditioner
Refrigerators
Furniture
Tractor
Services
Sign-in to our Customer Portal (My Account)
Manage your Profile
Manage your Mandate
Manage your Loans
Manage your Flexi Loans
Manage your Insta EMI card
Manage your Fixed Deposit
Wallets & Cards
Wallet
Bajaj Finserv Insta EMI Card
Value Added Services
Gold Rate
Payments
All Payments
Wallet
UPI
Mobile recharge
Electricity Bill Payment
DTH Recharge
Loan Repayment
Gas Booking
Rewards
Bajaj Pay FASTAg
Bajaj Pay Wallet KYC Upgrade
Bajaj Pay FASTAg Registration
Bajaj Pay FASTag Replacement
Bajaj Pay FASTag Closure
Pre-approved Offers
Offer World
Article and Insights
Calculators
Personal Loan EMI Calculator
Home Loan EMI Calculator
Home Loan Eligibility Calculator
Business Loan EMI Calculator
Personal Loan Eligibility Calculator
Loan Against Property EMI Calculator
Education Loan on Property Calculator
FD Calculator
Gratuity Calculator
Income Tax Calculator
Top-up Loan Calculator
Part-prepayment Calculator
GST Calculator
Gold Loan Calculator
EMI Calculator
Used Car Loan EMI Calculator
Interest Calculator
SIP Calculator
Flexi Day Wise Interest Calculator
Flexi Transaction Calculator
Secured Business Loan EMI Calculator
Secured Business Loan Eligibility Calculator
Lumpsum Calculator
Step Up SIP Calculator
BMI Calculator
IDV Calculator
Commercial Loan EMI Calculator
Medical Equipment Finance EMI Calculator
Term Loan Calculator
Equipment Machinery Loan EMI Calculator
Doctor Loan EMI Calculator
Doctor Loan Eligibility Calculator
Chartered Accountant Loan EMI Calculator
Simple Interest Calculator
Compound Interest Calculator
Brokerage Calculator
Mutual Fund Calculator
Two wheeler Loan EMI Calculator
New Car Loan EMI Calculator
Used Tractor Loan EMI Calculator
Important Links
Moratorium Policy (Covid-19)
Moratorium Policy March 2020
Information Security Practices
Information Security Measures
Citizens Charter
Privacy Policy
Phishing
Disclaimer
Forms Centre
Fees & Charges
Fair Practices Code
Interest Rate Policy
Disclosures
Cautionary Notice
Whistle Blower Policy
Confidential Feedback
Resolution Plan 2.0
Terms & Conditions
Resolution Plan 2.0 FAQs
Ombudsman Scheme
SMA/NPA Account Classification
Terms of Use
Sachet
Handover of Property Documents
Notices
Policy on Fees & Charges
BFL - Floating Reference Rates
Suppliers Code of Conduct
Model Code of Conduct
Reach Us
Contact us
Raise A Request
Frequently Asked Questions
Make Online Payment
Branch Locator
Our Partners
Galaxy - Partner portal
Bajaj Finserv for Business
Call Us
Corporate Office
6th Floor Bajaj Finserv Corporate Office, Off Pune-Ahmednagar Road, Viman Nagar, Pune - 411014
Bajaj Finance Limited Regd. Office
Akurdi, Pune - 411035
Ph No.: 020 7157-6403
Email ID:
investor.service@bajajfinserv.in
Corporate Identity Number (CIN)
L65910MH1987PLC042961
IRDAI Corporate Agency (Composite) Regn No.
CA0101
(Valid till 31-Mar-2028)
URN - WEB/BFL/23-24/1/V1
Bajaj Finserv Limited Regd. Office
Bajaj Auto Limited Complex Mumbai - Pune Road,
Pune - 411035 MH (IN)
Ph No.: 020 7157-6064
Email ID:
investors@bajajfinserv.in
Corporate Identity Number (CIN)
L65923PN2007PLC130075
Our Companies
Bajaj Finserv Ltd.
Bajaj Finance Ltd.
Bajaj General Insurance Limited
Bajaj Life Insurance Limited
Bajaj Markets
Bajaj Housing Finance Ltd.
Bajaj Broking
Bajaj Finserv Health Ltd.
Bajaj Finserv Asset Management Ltd.
Download the Bajaj Finserv App
© Bajaj Finserv 2007-2026. All rights reserved.