Terms & Conditions | Bear Creek Arsenal
The store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled.
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
Home
Terms & Conditions | Bear Creek Arsenal
Terms & Conditions
Signed up as a Veteran? Log in now to get 10% off any order!
Bear Creek Arsenal Terms of Purchase
The following Terms of Purchase (“Terms”) apply to all sales transactions between you, a customer, and Bear Creek Arsenal, LLC (“Bear Creek,” “we,” or “us”), initiated on the Bear Creek Arsenal website, bearcreekarsenal.com (“Site”).  We reserve the right to revise these Terms at any time.  All sales transactions are subject to the then-current Terms presented to you at checkout.  Accordingly, you should review these Terms each time you purchase products through the Site.  If you do not agree with these Terms, please do not purchase any products through the Site.
I understand it is my full responsibility to make sure the firearm or accessories I am purchasing are legal for me to own under all laws that are applicable to me. By accepting the Terms, I agree that I am legally allowed to own the items I am purchasing, and I represent to Bear Creek that the sale and delivery to me of a firearm will not violate any State law or published ordinance.  I also hereby certify that I am 18 or older if I am purchasing a rifle and 21 or older if I am purchasing a handgun or lower assembly.
LIMITED LIFETIME WARRANTY
BEAR CREEK MAKES NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WHETHER OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, PERFORMANCE OR OTHERWISE, EXCEPT AS FOLLOWS.  All products purchased through the Site are warranted from the date of purchase (herein defined as the date a product is ordered and payment is submitted through the Site), as follows:
(a)   Products are warranted to be free from defects in materials and workmanship.  No other warranty is made or provided herein.
(b)   The limited warranty described herein is provided solely to, and shall only be honored with respect to, the original purchaser of the warranted product.  The resale or conveyance of a product otherwise warranted herein shall immediately and irrevocably void the warranty.
(c)   To initiate a warranty claim, email
bcareturns@bearcreekarsenal.com
with your order number or proof of purchase and a picture of the issue you are experiencing.
(d)
Remove all accessories/attachments before returning item. Extra fees may be charged if accessories are not removed.
(e)   Bear Creek is not responsible for any late, lost, or stolen warranty claims.
(f)   Bear Creek will service all timely submitted and covered warranty claims by, at its sole option, repairing or replacing the defective product.
(g)    Bear Creek will reimburse FFL transfer fees associated with any submitted, covered, and accepted warranty claims on firearms.  If your warranty claim is rejected for any reason, no reimbursement shall be provided.
(h)    No reimbursements will issue to you until we have received, processed, and accepted your warranty, and completed any repair or replacement of the warranted product.
(i)   If you contact us with questions or to inquire about the status of your warranty claim, we may request that you provide the Order Number indicated on your warranty/return form.
(j)    Bear Creek Arsenal will not reimburse or repair any products that were sent to another company for service/repair.  Bear Creek Arsenal is the only authorized company to complete modifications without voiding the warranty.
(k)     WHERE NOT LIMITED OR PROHIBITED BY LAW, BEAR CREEK IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES UNDER THIS LIMITED WARRANTY, WHETHER ARISING BY WAY OF EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHERWISE.  BEAR CREEK’S LIABILITY UNDER THIS LIMITED WARRANTY IS STRICTLY LIMITED TO ITS OBLIGATION TO REPAIR OR REPLACE A WARRANTED PRODUCT, AND TO REIMBURSE FFL TRANSFER FEES ASSOCIATED WITH ANY SUBMITTED, COVERED, AND ACCEPTED WARRANTY CLAIMS ON FIREARMS.
The foregoing limited warranty does not apply to or cover any of the following:
Normal wear and tear
Damage caused in whole or part by failure to perform proper care and maintenance
Damage caused in whole or part by the use of nonstandard ammunition, including without limitation high velocity or high pressure ammunition, tracer ammunition, or hand-loaded ammunition
Damage caused in whole or part by unauthorized modification or alteration, unauthorized repair, misuse, or abuse
FIREARM SALES
All sales of firearms, as defined in the Gun Control Act of 1968, 18 U.S.C. § 921(a)(3), through the Site are conditional, as follows:
(a)   When you “order” a firearm through our site, you must select one of our authorized FFL dealers from a list of dealers.
(b)   Upon completing your order and submitting valid payment, we will ship your order to the selected dealer.  The selected dealer will then contact you to notify you when it has received your order.
(c)   You must retrieve your order at the physical location of the selected authorized FFL dealer.  Title to all firearms and other products contained in your order shall remain with Bear Creek, and shall not legally pass to you, until you have completed a successful background check, any necessary paperwork, and other requirements as prescribed by the FFL dealer and/or relevant law, and the FFL dealer has, in its sole discretion and authority, released the order to you.
(d)   In the event that a successful background check is not completed, you fail to complete any paperwork or other steps necessary for the release of your order to you, or you are unable to take delivery of the firearm from the FFL for any other reason, your order will be voided, and you will be reimbursed any amounts paid, in the form in which we received them, less any shipping and insurance expenses incurred by Bear Creek in connection with the shipment of your order to the selected authorized FFL dealer.
The following terms and limitations apply to all firearm sales:
No FFL dealer on our list of dealers is an agent or representative of Bear Creek, or has any power or authorization to bind Bear Creek or make a representation, promise, or agreement on behalf of Bear Creek.
You bear all risk of loss with respect to your order, including loss due to theft, from the time of purchase to the time of the authorized FFL dealer’s release of, or refusal to release, such order to you.
Bear Creek is not responsible for the policies or procedures, or the actions, of its authorized FFL dealers, and shall have no liability to you or anyone else arising out of any such policies, procedures, or actions, including without limitation a dealer’s refusal to release an order to you.  Questions regarding any such policies or procedures should be directed to the authorized FFL dealer, and not to us.
Bear Creek is not responsible for, and shall have no liability based on, any unauthorized alterations or modifications of Bear Creek firearms by you or by third parties, including without limitation by any authorized FFL dealers.
You are responsible for paying all shipping and insurance costs, as well as any federal, state, or local fees or taxes, in connection with your order.  You are further responsible for any costs incurred by you in connection with your travel to a selected authorized FFL dealer.
RETURN POLICY
All of our products come with a lifetime warranty. If you are not satisfied with your purchase, you may request a full refund to your original payment method within thirty (30) days from the date of purchase (defined as the date the order is placed and payment is completed). After 30 days, returns will be issued as store credit.
To return a product:
(a)   Request a warranty/return by contacting us at
bcareturns@bearcreekarsenal.com
.
(b)   Return the product, with proof of purchase by using the RMA provided to you by our warranty or customer service team.
(c)   If you contact us with questions or to inquire about the status of your return, we may request that you provide the Order Number indicated on your warranty/return form.
(d)   All returns made within 30 days will not be charged return shipping or a restocking fee.
(e)   Items purchased with a BCA gift card will be refunded as store credit valid for 30 days after issuance.
(f)   After 30 days a refund is available in the form of a store credit which will be valid for 30 days after issuance. Store credit is to be used by the designated recipient and unless otherwise approved by the issuer.
(g)    If return is 6 months or longer from ship date there is a 15% restocking fee.
All product returns are subject to the following terms and limitations:
We reserve the right to reject any returned product, and to decline to issue any reimbursement, if in our sole judgment the returned product has been damaged by you or otherwise while in your custody or care.
Returns must be postmarked or otherwise received by us within thirty (30) days from date of purchase.  Returns not postmarked or received by us within the applicable period will not be processed or honored, and will be refused and/or returned to you at your expense.  Bear Creek Arsenal is not responsible for any late, lost, or stolen returned products.
It is your responsibility to obtain insurance for any returns, and to pay any necessary shipping and insurance costs.  Bear Creek shall bear no responsibility for any loss or damage to returned products incurred during transit.  No reimbursement shall be provided for any shipping or insurance costs.
We will make payment on any accepted returns in the same manner as payment was received.  By way of example, if you purchased a product via credit card, we will attempt to credit the return to the same card.
No return payment will issue to you until we have received, processed, and accepted your returned product, packaging, proof of purchase, and return tag.
Typical processing time is 1-14 business days from the date we receive your return.
Returns from dealer purchases are capped at ninety (90) days from the date of purchase, superseding the above return periods and/or information for retail purchases.
Ammo
All Ammo sales are final and no returns will be accepted for Ammunition orders
GIVEAWAY
No purchase necessary. You must be 21 years or older to participate. Winner of Bear Creek Arsenal's giveaway must comply with all laws and regulations involved in purchasing firearm parts. All costs of the firearm transfer, including any dealer and background check fees, are the responsibility of the winner. Bear Creek Arsenal will contact you via email and will never ask for your credit card information. Registering for our competition auto registers you to receive BCA newsletters and partnering companies. 
This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook or Instagram.
This is void where prohibited or restricted by law.
Note: Any participants living in WA, NY, CA, HI, NJ, CT, DE, IL, MD, MA, and Washington DC cannot have FFL items shipped to their state.
MISCELLANEOUS
The following additional terms apply to all sales:
All sales end at 11:59PM EST the day the sale is scheduled to end and giveaways are WHILE SUPPLIES LAST (Availability Subject to Change)
We begin processing your order as soon as your order is placed and it cannot be modified, altered or cancelled.
Photographic, typographic, descriptive and pricing errors are unintentional and subject to change.
All prices, product specifications, and product configurations are subject to change without notice, and at the sole discretion of Bear Creek. No refunds or credits will be granted for any sales or price changes on previous orders. All orders must be paid in United States dollars, by accepted credit card, or certified check.
Bear Creek will sell and ship firearms or firearms components to individuals or entities residing in any state, however there may be regulations prohibiting certain items to certain states. (such as high capacity magazine laws and only Heavy Barrel profile items can ship to Maryland)
From time to time, Bear Creek may conduct contests, giveaways, sweepstakes, and/or promotions through the Site (“Promotions”).  Additional terms and conditions may apply to each Promotion, which terms and conditions will be posted and available on the Site.  It is your responsibility to review any additional terms and conditions applicable to a Promotion in order to determine eligibility and requirements for participation.  In the event of a conflict between these Terms and the additional terms and conditions applicable to a Promotion, the additional terms and conditions applicable to a Promotion shall apply.
You are responsible at all times for complying with relevant federal, state, and local law, including without limitation with respect to your purchase and use of firearms.
The export of certain products from the United States is strictly prohibited without a valid export license issued by the U.S. Department of State, in accordance with the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (“ITAR”) (22 C.F.R. 120-130), or a valid export license issued by the U.S. Department of Commerce, in accordance with the Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”) (15 C.F.R. 730-774).  In addition, United States law prohibits the sale, transfer, or export of items to certain restricted parties, destinations, and embargoed countries, as identified on lists maintained by the U.S. Department of State, the U.S. Department of Commerce, and the U.S. Department of Treasury.  It is your responsibility to review these lists and the items identified thereon.  By purchasing products from us, you hereby represent that you will not engage in any unauthorized transaction involving the export of Bear Creek products to any restricted parties or destinations, and further represent that you will comply with all requirements imposed by all applicable laws, regulations and administrative policies.
You and Bear Creek both agree that Bear Creek’s maximum liability under these Terms, and based on your purchase of products through the Site, shall be equal to the aggregate market value of such products. IN NO EVENT SHALL BEAR CREEK BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR SPECIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF RELATING TO YOUR PURCHASE OF PRODUCTS THROUGH THE SITE AND/OR ANY USE OF OR DEFECTS IN SUCH PRODUCT(S).
These Terms may not be changed, modified or amended, except as expressly provided herein or otherwise in writing signed by an authorized representative of Bear Creek.  You may not assign any rights or interests under these Terms without the prior written consent of Bear Creek.  The rights and obligations of the parties under these Terms shall be governed by the law of the State of North Carolina, including the Uniform Commercial Code as adopted by the State of North Carolina, excepting North Carolina and the Uniform Commercial Code conflicts of law rules.
If any provision of these Terms shall be held invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected or impaired thereby.
No rainchecks or special orders.
Coupon codes may not be combined with other discounts.
Bear Creek Arsenal will answer emails in a timely manner in order of received.  If the question is needed quickly, calls can be directed to our customer serivce department.
If our shipment is marked as delivered, we are not responsible for stolen packages.
FIREARMS SAFETY
I certify that I have read and agree to the following safety rules when handling a firearm, ammunition or firearm:
(a)   Always keep the firearm pointed in a safe direction.  This means that the firearm’s muzzle is pointed in a direction so that even if it were to discharge it would not cause injury or damage. You are responsible for every round fired from a gun you are holding.
(b)   Keep your finger off the trigger until ready you are to shoot.
(c)   Keep the firearm unloaded until ready to use.
(d)   When you pick up a firearm, check that the mechanical safety is engaged, and if not, engage it.   Extract the magazine if a magazine is in the firearm.  Then check to see if the firearm is loaded by observing the chamber, the bolt, and the magazine well to ensure that no ammunition is in the firearm. If you do not know how to operate the firearm to perform these checks, get help from someone who does and do not handle the firearm until you know how to safely operate it.
(e)   Know your target and what is beyond. Be absolutely sure you have identified your target beyond any doubt, and be aware of the area beyond your target. To do so, observe your prospective area of fire before you shoot.
(f)    Before handling a firearm, learn how it operates. Know its basic parts, how to safely open and close the action and remove any ammunition from the firearm or magazine. A firearm’s mechanical safety is never foolproof.
(g)   Be sure the firearm is safe to operate. If there is any question concerning a firearm’s ability to function, take the firearms to a knowledgeable gunsmith.
(h)   Use only the correct ammunition for the firearm. Only cartridges designed for a particular firearm can be fired safely in that firearm.
(i)     Wear eye and ear protection when shooting.
(j)     Never use alcohol or any drugs before or while shooting.
(k)   Store firearms so they are not accessible to unauthorized persons and obey all laws that govern access to firearms by minors.
(l)     Clean and maintain your firearm regularly.  Taking proper care of a firearm promotes safe usage of the firearm, maintains its value, and extends its life. Clean your firearm after each use.  Any firearm that has been in storage should be cleaned before shooting.  Before cleaning your firearm, ensure that it is unloaded and that no ammunition is present in the cleaning area.
For more information, visit the NRA’s website regarding gun safety:
https://gunsafetyrules.nra.org/
Shipping Information
We cannot ship to PO Boxes, US territories, or carrier locations.
Please allow 1-14 business days for orders to process before they are shipped. You will receive an email within 48 business hours of placing your order with confirmation that your order has begun processing. We will provide you with your tracking number when it is packed and ready to be shipped. Once your order leaves our facility the tracking number will become active.
Bear Creek Arsenal can only be held accountable for our own shipping policy (must be shipped by 14 business days post purchase). We are not responsible for any carrier delays once your package has left our premises, this includes but is not limited to, expedited shipping methods.
ALL complete firearms, 100% lowers and lower assemblies must be shipped to an FFL Dealer.
Shipping claims must be reported within the 15-day grace period for any issues with the shipment.
Express Orders
Express shipping options are only an indication of how long the order will take to ship, number of business days, once it leaves our facility. All orders are still subject to standard processing times.
BCA Barrels/Slides for GLOCK
BCA barrels/slides for GLOCK are manufactured by Bear Creek Arsenal in Sanford NC, USA. They qualify for the limited lifetime warranty by Bear Creek Arsenal, LLC.
Disclaimer: “GLOCK” is a federally registered trademark of GLOCK, Inc. and is one of many trademarks owned by GLOCK, Inc. or Glock Ges.m.b.H. Neither Bear Creek Arsenal, LLC now this site are affiliated in any manner with, or otherwise endorsed by, GLOCK, Inc or GLOCK Ges.m.b.H. The use of "GLOCK" on this page is merely to advertise the sale of GLOCK pistols, parts, or components. For additional genuine GLOCK, Inc. and GLOCK Ges.m.b.H products and parts visit
www.glock.com
.
Changes to Terms
These Terms and Conditions are subject to change at any time without notice.
Mobile Terms & Conditions
Bear Creek Arsenal offers its customers mobile alerts regarding marketing promotions, product and brand updates, as well as shopping cart reminders by SMS message (the "Service") on 87462. By participating in the Service, you are agreeing to these Terms and to the
Privacy Policy
.
Signing Up and Opting-In to the Service
Enrollment in the Service requires you to provide your mobile phone number and to agree to these terms and conditions. You may not enroll if you are under 18 years old. Before the Service will start, you will need to agree to these Terms. Bear Creek Arsenal reserves the right to stop offering the Service at any time with or without notice.
By opting into the Service, you:
Authorize Bear Creek Arsenalto use auto dialer or non-auto dialed technology to send recurring text messages to the mobile phone number associated with your opt-in (i.e., the number listed on the opt-in form or, if none, the number from which you send the opt-in, or, if none, the number on file for the account associated with your opt-in).
Acknowledge that you do not have to agree to receive messages as a condition of purchase.
Confirm that you are the subscriber to the relevant phone number or that you are the customary user of that number on a family or business plan and that you are authorized to opt in.
Consent to the use of an electronic record to document your opt-in. To request a free paper or email copy of the opt-in or to update our records with your contact information,
customerservice@bearcreekarsenal.com
. To view and retain an electronic copy of these Terms or the rest of your opt-in, you will need (i) a device (such as a computer or mobile phone) with Internet access, and (ii) and either a printer or storage space on such device. For an email copy, you'll also need an email account you can access from the device, along with a browser or other software that can display the emails.
Content You May Receive
Once you affirm your choice to opt-in to the Service on 87462, your message frequency may vary. You may receive alerts about:
Sale promotions
Event information
Product launch announcements
Cart reminders
Charges and Carriers
Message and data rates may apply. Please consult your service agreement with your wireless carrier or contact your wireless carrier to determine your phone's pricing plan and the charges for sending and receiving text messages. You acknowledge that you are responsible for any message, data or other charges incurred (usage, subscription, etc.) as a result of using the Service.
Supported carriers are AT & T, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Boost, Virgin Mobile, U.S. Cellular, Cricket, Alltel, Cincinnati Bell, Cellcom, C-Spire, nTelos, MetroPCS, and other smaller regional carriers. The Service may not be available on all wireless carriers. Bear Creek Arsenal may add or remove any wireless carrier from the Service at any time without notice. Bear Creek Arsenal and mobile carriers are not responsible for any undue delays, failure of delivery, or errors in messages.
To Stop the Service
To stop receiving text messages from Bear Creek Arsenal, text the word STOP to 87462 any time or reply STOP to any of the text messages you have received from Bear Creek Arsenal. After texting STOP to 87462, you will receive one additional message confirming that your request has been processed.
Questions
You can text HELP for help at any time to 87462. This will provide you with information to contact customer service via phone at 919-439-8133 or email at customerservice@bearcreekarsenal.com.
Consider adding an arbitration clause to your mobile terms, similar to the clause located below. We recommend consulting with your legal team for guidance on appropriate placement in mobile terms and if there is anything else they would like to add to the clause.
Arbitration and Class Action Waiver
Please read this carefully
.  It affects your rights.
Any dispute or claim relating in any way to your use of Bear Creek Arsenal’s services will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than court.
This agreement to arbitrate is intended to be broadly interpreted, and expressly includes claims brought under the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, 47 U.S.C. § 227 et seq., or any other statute, regulation, or legal or equitable theory.  You and Bear Creek Arsenal hereby agree that the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 1, et seq. (“FAA”) applies to this agreement to arbitrate, and governs all questions of whether a dispute is subject to arbitration.  Unless you and we agree otherwise in writing, arbitration shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association’s Consumer Arbitration Rules in effect at the time of filing of the arbitration (the “AAA’s Rules”).  However, just as a court would, the arbitrator or arbitrators must honor the terms and limitations in this Agreement, and can award damages and relief (including any attorneys’ fees) authorized by law and/or the AAA’s Rules.  The arbitration decision and award is final and binding, with some exceptions under the FAA, and judgment on the award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
YOU AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AND BEAR CREEK ARSENAL ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY AND THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR COLLECTIVE PROCEEDING.
THIS AGREEMENT DOES NOT ALLOW FOR CLASS ARBITRATIONS EVEN IF THE PROCEDURES OR RULES OF THE AAA WOULD.  RATHER, YOU AND WE ARE ONLY ENTITLED TO PURSUE ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL, BILATERAL BASIS.  FURTHER, AND UNLESS YOU AND BEAR CREEK ARSENAL AGREE OTHERWISE IN WRITING, THE ARBITRATOR(S) MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE MORE THAN ONE INDIVIDUAL PARTY’S CLAIMS WITH ANY OTHER PARTY’S CLAIMS, AND MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A REPRESENTATIVE OR COLLECTIVE PROCEEDING.
You and Bear Creek Arsenal are each responsible for our respective costs relating to counsel, experts, and witnesses, as well as any other costs relating to the arbitration.  Bear Creek Arsenal, however, will pay for the arbitration administrative or filing fees, including the arbitrator and/or other AAA case management fees, for any claim seeking $75,000 or less, unless the claim is determined by the arbitrator to be frivolous.  Otherwise, the AAA’s Rules regarding costs and payment apply.
This agreement to arbitrate does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies. Such agencies can, if the law allows, seek relief against us on your behalf.
If any term of this Section (
Arbitration and Class Action Waiver
)
is to any extent illegal, otherwise invalid, or incapable of being enforced, such term shall be excluded to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability; all other terms hereof shall remain in full force and effect; and, to the extent permitted and possible, the invalid or unenforceable term shall be deemed replaced by a term that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of such invalid or unenforceable term.  If application of this Severability provision should materially and adversely affect the economic substance of the transactions contemplated hereby, the Party adversely impacted shall be entitled to compensation for such adverse impact, provided the reason for the invalidity or unenforceability of a term is not due to serious misconduct by the Party seeking such compensation.
Changes to Terms
These Mobile Terms and Conditions are subject to change at any time without notice.
Back to Top
Join the BCA Newsletter!
Sign up for our newsletter for exclusive promotions and a coupon for 10% off an order!
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Join
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Orders and Returns
Blog
FAQ
Return Requests
Sitemap
Shipping Restrictions
Create a New Return
Careers
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Call us at 919-439-8133
Text
CONNECT
to
87462
.
Sign up for texts to enjoy a 10% off coupon for use on a future order while also getting exclusive updates and more!
By subscribing to Bear Creek Arsenal (BCA) text messaging on 87462, you agree to receive recurring autodialed marketing text msgs (e.g. cart reminders) to the mobile number used at opt-in. Consent is not a condition of purchase. Msg frequency may vary. Msg & data rates may apply. Reply HELP for help and STOP to cancel. See
Terms and Conditions
&
Privacy Policy
.
Copyright © 2026 Bear Creek Arsenal, LLC. All Rights Reserved.