Privacy Policy and Disclaimer
At Beebom, we prioritise the privacy of our users and are fully committed to safeguarding their personal information. This Privacy Policy clearly outlines the nature of the data collected by Beebom, its intended usage and the measures taken to secure it. Beebom’s privacy policy and disclaimer was last updated and posted on January 11, 2023. It governs the privacy and governing terms of our website, located at beebom.com.

By using our Services, you are agreeing to the collection, usage and sharing of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, we advise that you refrain from using our services.

Information We Collect
We do not collect any personal information about you when you use our Services, except in the following conditions:

You leave a comment on one of our posts: While leaving a comment, you can choose to enter your name and email address along with the comment. This data is automatically stored by WordPress.
However, we do not use this data, or sell it to our partners and/or third parties.

You utilize the “Ask Us” feature on Beebom Gadgets: While asking us a question on Beebom Gadgets, we require you to enter your name and email address along with the question. This data is automatically stored by WordPress.
We utilize this data to respond to your questions. However, we do not sell it to our partners and/or third parties.

We use Google Analytics and Parse.ly to analyse the traffic on our website. Google Analytics and Parse.ly may collect the following information when you visit our website, read an article, or leave a comment:

Device information: Google Analytics collects information about the device you use to access our Services, including the class of the device (smartphone, laptop, tablet, etc), operating system, and your city-level geographical location.
Behavioural Information: Google Analytics collects information about the pages visited by visitors on our website, including the time spent on a page, as well as navigational behaviour through the website. However, this information is aggregated, and can’t be used to identify you, individually.
The Parse.ly service enables us to monitor and analyse non-personal website usage and activity on our site. We have provided a link to the Parse.ly Privacy Policy (here) for your convenience, in case more information is required.

Cookies
We may use third-party advertising companies, such as Google Adsense and Freestar to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (including your name, address, and email address) about your visits to our Services and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.

We may also use third-party advertisers to serve ads on our Services. These advertisers may use cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies to collect information about your visits to our Services in order to serve ads that are relevant to your interests.

You can opt out of the use of cookies for personalised advertising by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page or the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page. Please note that these opt-out mechanisms are specific to the browser you are using and will not affect the collection of data by other third-party advertisers.

For a better understanding of Freestar’s privacy policy, please refer to the following link: https://freestar.com/privacy-policy/

To gain clarity on Google AdSense’s privacy policy, we encourage you to read through the following link: https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/1348695

You can view our list of advertising partners by visiting this page.

Children’s Privacy
Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will take steps to delete such information. If you believe that we may have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, please contact us using the information provided in the “Contact Us” section below.

Affiliate Links and Links to Other Websites
We use the Amazon associates affiliate program, as well as other affiliate partners for providing access to products and services through affiliate links. Whenever you buy a product using affiliate links from our website, we may earn a commission.

However, products recommended on our website adhere to our strict Editorial Policy (read below).

We also sometimes link to third-party websites, applications, extensions, and plug-ins. Clicking on these links may allow third-parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and recommend that you go through the Privacy Policies of the websites you visit.

Data protection and security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure and do our best to keep your personal data safe. We utilise safe protocols for communication and transferring data (such as HTTPS). We monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.

Even though we try our best, we cannot guarantee the security of information. However, we promise to notify suitable authorities of data breaches. We will also notify you if there is a threat to your rights or interests. We will do everything we reasonably can to prevent security breaches and to assist authorities should any breaches occur.

GDPR & CCPA Compliance
At Beebom, we take the privacy of our users very seriously and are fully committed to complying with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).

As a EU citizen, you have the right to access, correct, and erase your personal data, as well as the right to data portability and the right to object to processing under the GDPR. If you would like to exercise these rights, please contact us at devinder@beebom.com. Our team will respond to your request usually within 45 days.

Under the CCPA, California residents have the right to request information about the personal data collected, used, disclosed, and sold by our business. They also have the right to request deletion of their personal information. Rest assured, we do not sell any personal information and are transparent about the information we collect.

If you are a California resident and would like to make a request under the CCPA, please reach out to us at devinder@beebom.com. Our dedicated team is committed to fulfilling all requests and ensuring the protection of your personal information.

Editorial Policy
Beebom abides by a strict Editorial Policy for the content posted on our website. Any products, software, and/or services we recommend go through thorough testing and are worth recommending to the best of our knowledge.

We do not provide paid positive reviews or coverage to any company, product, or service.

Content on Beebom Gadgets
While gathering data about different devices on Beebom Gadgets, we rely on official sources for the most accurate and up-to-date information. We also have a stringent fact-checking team to ensure that errors do not creep into the specifications tables you see on Beebom Gadgets.

However, despite our efforts, we can not guarantee that the information on our specifications pages is 100% accurate. If a particular specification is of special importance to you, we recommend you cross-check the specification with the manufacturer.

We also cover upcoming and rumored phones on Beebom Gadgets. Information for these phones is liable to change at launch.

The specifications on Beebom Gadgets are according to the Indian variants of the phones. In cases where a phone’s global and Indian specifications differ, our specifications table will include the information for the Indian unit of the phone. Hence, some information might vary depending on the region.

If you notice any errors in the information on Beebom Gadgets, we invite you to contact us at the email mentioned at the end of this Privacy Policy and Disclaimer.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post any updates on this page. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy whenever you access our Services to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.

Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our information practices, you can contact us at: contact@beebom.com