LOGIN | JOIN BTVA
➜
All
Voice Actors
Titles
Characters (Reprisals)
Characters (Single)
Voice Compares
Voice Directors
 
VOICE ACTORS
CHARACTERS
TV SHOWS
MOVIES
VIDEO GAMES
SHORTS
ATTRACTIONS
COMMERCIALS
Team Ups
Voice Compare
Voice Directors
Franchises
News
Top Listings
Coming Soon
Out Now
VA Quotes
Forums
Contact
TERMS OF USE & PRIVACY POLICY

In order to continue using the site, you must read and agree to the Terms Of Use and Privacy Policy below.

Terms Of Use
EFFECTIVE DATE: October 28th, 2013 (last updated April 28th, 2023)

1. Welcome to BehindTheVoiceActors.com. These terms of use (the "Terms") govern any use by you of BehindTheVoiceActors.com (the "Site") and all of the services, products, software, applications, features or functionality available on or through the Site (collectively, the "Services") offered by Inyxception Enterprises, Inc. ("BTVA"). Please review these Terms carefully before using the Services. By accessing the Site and/or using the Services, you agree to the Terms. If you do not agree to the Terms, then do not use the Services.

1.1 Your activities on the Site or use of the Services may also be governed by additional guidelines, rules or agreements on a particular Service, all of which are incorporated by reference into the Terms.

2. ELIGIBILITY

2.1 You must be at least 13 years of age to use the Services. Minors may not use the Services without the permission or supervision of a responsible adult. BTVA will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information on or through the Services from anyone under 13. You may be exposed to content on the Site that you find offensive, indecent or objectionable. By using the Services you assume all risk associated with its use. We encourage parents to supervise their children's use of the Services and maintain open communication regarding appropriate materials for use and viewing by their children.

2.2 In order to use certain Services, you may have to first register by providing your e-mail address, and/or other relevant information, as appropriate. By registering, you represent that you have all requisite right, power and authority to bind yourself to any applicable agreement(s) and to perform your obligations thereunder. If you are acting on behalf of a company, you represent that you are authorized to bind your company. You agree to provide accurate and complete information, and to update such information as necessary to keep it up-to-date and accurate. BTVA reserves the right to review all registration applications, and to accept or reject any applicant(s) in its sole judgment. You may not transfer or assign your registration to any other party.

2.3 Upon completing the registration process, you will be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. In the event of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, you must notify BTVA immediately and promptly change your password.

3. CHANGES TO TERMS

3.1 At any time BTVA may change these Terms, which includes the Privacy Policy and any other agreement that is incorporated by reference into these Terms. We will provide notice to you of any material change in the Terms by posting notice to the Site and sending an email to registered users to the email address submitted at registration. Your use of the Service will continue upon agreement of the amended Terms. It is important that you keep your email contact information correct and updated with the Site at all times. In addition, we encourage you to check back regularly to review these Terms at least once every 30 days.

4. CHANGES TO SERVICES

4.1 BTVA reserves the right to modify or discontinue, and restrict or block access to, any or all of the Services without notice to you. You agree that BTVA will not be liable to you or any third party for any modification or if your use of the Services are discontinued.

5. LIMITATIONS OF SERVICES

5.1 You understand and agree that the Service is provided "AS IS" and that BTVA assumes no responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, misdelivery or failure to store any user communications or personalization settings.

6. USER SUBMISSIONS

6.1 Some of the Services may allow you to submit or transmit materials, including but not limited to text, image, audio, video, ideas, suggestions, plans, concepts, methods, know-how, techniques, original or creative materials or other information (collectively, "User Submissions") to or through the Services. You grant to BTVA a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully sublicenseable license to use, distribute, edit, display, archive, publish, sublicense, perform, reproduce, make available, transmit, broadcast, sell, translate, and create derivative works of those User Submissions, and your name, voice, likeness and other identifying information where part of User Submissions, in any form, media, software, or technology of any kind now known or hereafter developed, in each case, for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to you:
(i) When you provided User Submissions from February 1st 2009 to October 27th 2013 and/or;
(ii) When you provide User Submissions from October 28th 2013 onwards;
You hereby waive any moral rights you may have in your User Submissions.

6.2 You retain ownership of your rights in any User Submissions, subject to the non-exclusive rights that you grant to BTVA. BTVA takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any of the User Submissions that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available on or through the Services. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the User Submissions that you submit; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify BTVA for all claims resulting from content you supply. BTVA has the right but not the obligation to monitor any activity or content, and edit or remove any activity or content for any reason.

6.3 BTVA may access, preserve, and/or disclose your account information, and/or User Submissions if required to do so by law, or in a good faith belief that such access, preservation, or disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with legal process, (b) enforce the Terms; (c) respond to claims that any User Submissions violates the rights of third parties, (d) respond to your requests for customer services, or (e) protect the rights, property, or personal safely of the BTVA, its users, and/or the public.

7. PROHIBTED CONTENT

7.1 You must not post to the Services any User Submissions that, as reasonably determined by BTVA, is or appears to be the following:

(i) untrue, misleading, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, invasive to another person's privacy or protected data, hateful, or racially or otherwise objectionable;
(ii) infringing upon a third party's intellectual property rights, including any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity, including any Content that is the subject of any claim of infringement;
(iii) of a type that you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships, such as proprietary and confidential information;
(iv) unsolicited, undisclosed or unauthorized advertising;
(v) software viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
(vi) data or information obtained through access that was not authorized by the owner, or that you are not authorized to post; or
(vii) in violation of any applicable local, state, national or international law (including export laws).

8. PROHIBITED CONDUCT

8.1 You must not do, or attempt to do, any of the following, as reasonably determined by BTVA, subject to applicable law:
(i) access or use the Services in any way that is not in compliance with any applicable local, state, national or international law (including export laws), contracts, intellectual property rights or constitutes the commission of a tort, or for any purpose that is harmful or unintended (by us), or other than in full compliance with these Terms;
(ii) access, tamper with, or use services or areas of the Services that you are not authorized to access;
(iii) alter information on or obtained from the Services;
(iv) tamper with postings, registration information, profiles or other User Submissions belonging to BTVA or other users of BTVA;
(v) use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means or interface not provided by us to access the Services or extract data or gather or use information, such as email addresses, available from the Services or transmit any unsolicited advertising, "junk mail," "spam," or "chain letters";
(vi) frame any part of the Services, or link to the Services, or otherwise make it look like you have a relationship to us or that we have endorsed you or your User Submissions for any purpose except as expressly permitted in writing by BTVA;
(vii) impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity;
(viii) reverse engineer any licensed software, application or any other aspect of the Services or do anything that might discover source code, or bypass or circumvent measures employed to prevent limit access to any area, content or code of the Services;
(ix) send to or otherwise impact us or the Services (or anything or anyone else) with harmful, illegal, deceptive or disruptive code such as a virus, "spyware," "adware" or other code that could adversely impact the Services or any recipient; or (x) take any action which might impose a significant burden (as determined by us) on the Services' infrastructure or computer systems, or otherwise interfere with the ordinary operation of the Service.

8.2 IF YOU SEND UNSOLICITED COMMERCIAL EMAIL OR ADVERTISING, BULK EMAIL, SPAM, OR CHAIN LETTERS (COLLECTIVELY, "UNSOLICITED EMAIL OR OTHER COMMUNICATION") THROUGH THE SERVICE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU WILL HAVE CAUSED SUBSTANTIAL HARM TO BTVA, BUT THAT THE AMOUNT OF THE HARM WOULD BE EXTREMELY DIFFICULT TO ASCERTAIN. AS A REASONABLE ESTIMATION OF SUCH HARM, YOU WILL PAY LICENSOR $40 FOR EACH SUCH UNSOLICITED EMAIL OR OTHER COMMUNICATION.

9. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES

9.1 You expressly acknowledge and agree that:
BTVA PROVIDES THE SERVICES "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE". TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, BTVA MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICES. BTVA MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE, VIRUS-FREE, SECURE, OR TIMELY. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, BTVA EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND THOSE ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, TRADE, USAGE OR PERFORMANCE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, AND THEREFORE SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. WE URGE YOU TO KEEP BACKUP COPIES OF YOUR PERSONAL CONTENT, IF ANY, THAT YOU MAINTAIN ON OR USE WITH THE SERVICE. IF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACING PROPERTY, MATERIAL, EQUIPMENT OR DATA, WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY RESULTING COSTS OR DAMAGES.

10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

10.1 TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, NONE OF THE INDEMNIFIED PERSONS ARE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, STATUTORY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUE, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF PRIVACY, LOSS OF GOODWILL OR ANY OTHER LOSSES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND EVEN IN THE EVENT OF FAULT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR STRICT OR PRODUCT LIABILITY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT WILL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU OF THE INDEMNIFIED PERSONS EXCEED, IN TOTAL, THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO US.

11. INDEMNIFICATION

11.1 You agree to protect and fully compensate BTVA from any and all third-party claims, liability, damages, expenses and costs (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees) arising from your use of the Services, or violation of the Terms by you or any other user of your account (whether or not authorized).

12. COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT / DMCA

12.1 The Site is a user generated site and is protected from liability under the DMCA (Digital Millenium Copyright Act) and "Safe Harbor" provisions. Content has been submitted by volunteer contributors, who have agreed to our User Submissions. BTVA will disable users who knowingly commit plagiarism, piracy, trademark or copyright infringement.

12.2 If you believe that content you own has been used on the Services in a way that violates your copyright or other intellectual property rights, please provide following information on this page https://www.behindthevoiceactors.com/contact/:

(i) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest;
(ii) a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed and it's removal, if applicable;
(iii) a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the site;
(iv) your address, telephone number, and/or email address;
(v) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law; and
(vi) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner's behalf.

13. APPLICABLE LAW

13.1 These Terms and all performances and claims of every nature between us are governed by the laws of the State of California, U.S.A., without regard to any conflicts of laws principles that would result in the application of the law of a different jurisdiction. You and BTVA submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts located within Orange County, California, U.S.A.

14. THIRD PARTY CONTENT

14.1 BTVA occasionally provides third party content, advertisements or links to third party websites on the Services. BTVA does not necessarily endorse or evaluate third party content and websites, and does not assume responsibility for third parties' actions or omissions. These linked sites are not under the control of BTVA and BTVA is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any review, changes or updates to such sites. The inclusion of any link does not imply affiliation, endorsement, or adoption by BTVA of the site or any information contained therein. You should review third parties' terms of use and privacy policies before you use their services.

14.2 Your transactions and other dealings with third party merchants or advertisers that are found on or through the Services, including "click to purchase", "co-registration" and other similar programs, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, are solely between you and such merchant or advertiser.

15. TERMINATION

15.1 We may, at any time, without notice to you, terminate your license to use the Services and the Site, or block your access to the Services if:
(i) we believe in our sole discretion that you may have violated these Terms or have otherwise engaged in any activities that may harm or damage the reputation, rights, person, or property of BTVA, our users, or any other person;
(ii) requested by law enforcement or other government agencies.

15.2 If applicable law requires us to provide notice of termination or cancellation, we may give prior or subsequent notice by posting it on the Site or by sending a communication to your email address that we have for you in our records.

16. SEVERABILITY

16.1 If any provision of these terms and conditions shall be deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

17. NO WAIVER

17.1 The failure of any party to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms, including any failure to act with respect to a breach, will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision or that party's right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. We suggest that you print out a copy of these Terms for your records.

18. HEADINGS

18.1 Section headings are included in the Terms for convenience only. They are not to be considered a part of these Terms, and are not intended to be a full and accurate description of the contents hereof.

Privacy Policy
Last Updated: April 28th, 2023

Your privacy is important to us. If you have any questions about this Policy, contact us at https://www.behindthevoiceactors.com/contact/.

1. What's Covered Under this Privacy Policy:

1.1 This policy applies to all of the services offered by Inyxception Enterprises, Inc. ("BTVA", "We", "Us", "Ours").

1.2 This policy covers how We treat personal information that We collect and receive. Personal information is any information about you that is personally identifiable (like your email address), and that is not commonly, publicly available.

1.3 This policy does not apply to practices of companies that are not owned or controlled by Us.

2. Information: Collection & Usage

2.1 BTVA operates and is hosted in the United States and, depending on your country of residence, the submission of personally identifiable information to our sites may involve some transfer of personal information to the United States. You understand and consent to having any personal information you provide transferred to and processed in the United States. You should be aware that privacy laws in the United States may not provide protections equivalent to those of your country of residence.

2.2 Several of the services that we offer require registration as a condition of use. We collect personal information when you register with BTVA.

2.3 When you register, we may ask for information such as your username, email address, date of birth, and personal interests. When you register with BTVA and sign in to our service, you are not anonymous to us.

2.4 BTVA may use the personal information for the purposes described in section 3 below, as well as:
(i) Customizing the advertising and content you see;
(ii) Auditing, research, and analysis to maintain, protect, and improve our services;
(iii) Ensuring the technical functioning of our network;
(iv) Fulfilling your requests for products and services, including the development of new services;
(v) Contacting you;
(vi) Conducting research; and
(vii) Provide anonymous reporting for clients.

2.5 We automatically receive and record information on our server logs, including your IP address, the web request, and one or more cookies which may uniquely identify your browser. These server logs may also include your browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request.

2.6 Cookies: A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that uniquely identifies your browser.
(i) When you visit BTVA, we may set and access cookies on your computer;
(ii) If your browser is set to refuse all cookies, some features of our site may not function properly;
(iii) We use cookies to improve the quality of our services by storing user preferences and tracking user trends;
(iv) Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on our site send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see. We have no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.

2.7 When you send email or other communication to us, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests, and improve our services.

2.8 We may present links in a format that enables us to track when the links are followed. We may use this information to improve the quality of our content and advertising.

2.9 Contests, Promotions and Sweepstakes:
From time to time, we may host a contest, promotion or sweepstake on the site. You may be asked to provide personal information or permit the transfer to a third party of your personal information in connection with such contest, promotion or sweepstake. It will be disclosed at the point of collection or transfer who is collecting or transferring the information and whose privacy statement applies, and it will be your choice whether or not you wish to permit such transfer or collection of personal information to a third party.

2.10 Retention of Information.
We retain information for as long as required, allowed or we believe it useful, but do not undertake retention obligations. We may dispose of information in our discretion without notice, subject to applicable law that specifically requires the handling or retention of information. You must keep your own, separate back-up records.

2.11 Advertising
BTVA is affiliated with CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a CafeMedia ("CafeMedia") for the purposes of placing advertising on BTVA, and CafeMedia will collect and use certain data for advertising purposes. To learn more about CafeMedia's data usage, click here: www.cafemedia.com/publisher-advertising-privacy-policy

3. Links to Other Sites

3.1 BTVA's site may contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different from ours. We do not have control over the information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties. You should consult the privacy policy of these other sites to learn how your privacy is protected.

4. Disclosure and Use of Personal Information

4.1 BTVA processes personal information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this policy or any other applicable service-specific privacy notice. We retain the right to review our data collection, storage, and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store, and process the personal information needed to provide or improve our services. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we process is accurate, complete, and current, but it is incumbent upon our users so update and/or correct their personal information whenever necessary.

4.2 Children:
BTVA's site is not intended for use by children, especially those under 13. No one under age 13 should provide any personal information or use our public discussion areas and forums.

4.3 Disclosing Personal Information:
(i) We do not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or companies except when we have your permission.
(ii) Notwithstanding the above, if we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary, we may share your personal information under the following circumstances:
(a) To satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request (which may include, but is not limited to, responding to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or establishing or exercising our legal rights or defending against legal claims);
(b) To enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof;
(c) To detect, prevent, investigate, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; or
(d) To protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of BTVA, its users, or the public, as required or permitted by law.
(iii) We may share certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information with third parties (such as number of users who click on a particular advertisement), but that information shall not identify you individually.
(iv) If BTVA becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of any or all of its assets, we will provide notice to you before your personal information is transferred and may become subject to a different privacy policy.

4.4 Using Personal Information:
(i) BTVA may display targeted advertisements based on personal information. Advertisers (including ad serving companies) may assume that people who interact with, view, or click targeted ads meet such targeting criteria (such as, males aged 18-24 in a particular geographic area).
(ii) We do not provide any personal information to an advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad, however, by interacting with or viewing the ad, you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad.

4.5 Information Security; Confidentiality
(i) We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to and/or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of data. These include (but may not be limited to):
(a) Internal reviews of our data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures; and
(b) Measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data.

(ii) We believe we use reasonable precautions to keep the personal information you disclose to our websites secure. However, we cannot guarantee there will not be a breach and we are not responsible for any breach of security or for the actions of any third parties.
(iii) You must protect against unauthorized access to your username and password, and to your computer. Please sign off when finished using a shared computer. Your emails to us are not necessarily secure against interception so do not include sensitive information in them. We generally will not ask for passwords in an email and you should assume that if you get such a request, it might be fraudulent. YOU MUST DO WHAT YOU REASONABLY CAN TO ENSURE THE SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
(iv) Please note that BTVA is not responsible for the information you volunteer about yourself in the discussions in our forums, comments, or other publicly accessible interaction, or information that you choose to make public in your member profile or other areas that allow users to upload or post content. We discourage users from posting personally identifiable information in this fashion, and any personally identifiable information you post to these areas is not covered by this Policy.

4.6 Editing and Deleting Your Account Information
(i) You can edit your account information at any time.
(ii) You can delete your account by contacting us at https://www.behindthevoiceactors.com/contact/ or contacting any Administrator listed here.

4.7 Changes to Policy
(i) We reserve the right to update and/or change this policy from time to time.
(ii) For any minor changes, will not reduce your rights without your explicit consent.
(iii) For any major or significant changes which do not reduce your rights and therefore do not require explicit consent, we will place a prominent notice on our site.
(iv) For any major or significant changes which require your consent, such as the way we treat your personal information, we will send a notice to the primary email address listed on your account.

4.8 Questions and/or Suggestions
If you have any question or concerns about this policy, please feel free to contact us at any time through this website.

Your continued access to or use of our site shall be deemed your acceptance of the Privacy Policy.

Please visit our Terms of Use page for more information concerning your use of BTVA's website and other services. The Terms of Use are incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy.

We recommend you to come back to this web page and review this Privacy Policy regularly so that you remain aware of the terms and conditions that apply to you.

 I have read and agree to these Terms Of Use and Privacy Policy.

About  |  Content Guidelines  |  Contact  |  Forums  |  FAQ  |  Terms Of Use  |  Privacy Policy

This is an unofficial site. All logos, images, video and audio clips pertaining to actors, characters and related indicia belong to their respective © and ™ owners.
All original content © 2009-2026 Inyxception Enterprises, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Update Privacy Preferences
Terms of Content Use
A Raptive Partner Site