Terms of Use
BENEFITRIGHT.COM TERMS OF USE

Last edited: 21st January 2026

 
Operated by LUMIVOLVE LTD
128, City Road, London, EC1V 2NX, UNITED KINGDOM


Dear user, BenefitRight.com (“BenefitRight”, “we”, “us”, “our”) would like to thank you for visiting our website https://BenefitRight.com (“Website”).

These Terms of Use (“Terms”) govern your use of the Website. Please read the Terms in full before you use this Website. If you do not accept these Terms, please do not use this Website. Using the Website implies that you understand and accept these Terms. We do occasionally update these terms so please refer back to them from time to time.

GENERAL INFORMATION
1.1.  BenefitRight is a brand name used to label informational and advertorial websites and/or other media sources. The main purpose of the Website is to provide you information and tips on how you can save money and advertise third-party products or services that could help you save money, get discounts, and make more informed decisions about saving money and personal finance.

1.2.  The Website is not intended to be used by people under the age of 18 years old. We provide information and advertisements that are only relevant for adults and we do not endorse any younger audiences to visit the Website or use any of the information herein. By agreeing with these Terms you confirm that you are at least 18 years old, or younger if your place of residence allows you to enter into distance contracts for younger people, but either way not younger than the allowed minimal legal age limit applicable in the country where you are residing.   

1.3.  The Website contains content that is created for advertising purposes. All articles and reviews that have such sponsored information will be marked by the words "Advertorial" or "Advertisement" in the header of the article. If specific content is not marked as an advertisement, we would still encourage you to remain critical over any information that you find and considered it a possible advertisement.

USE OF WEBSITE
2.1.  You will be able to access the majority of this Website without having to register any details with us and without providing any particular personal data.

2.2.  You are permitted to use our Website for your own purposes only. You are not allowed to print and download material from this Website, except if you are doing that for your personal use, without any intention of commercial use and provided that you do not modify any content without our consent. Material on this Website must not be republished online or offline without our permission.

2.3.  No part of this Website may be reproduced without our prior written permission.

2.4.  Except for personally identifiable information, the use of which is covered under our Privacy Policy, any material you send or post to this Website shall be considered non-proprietary and not confidential. Unless you advise to the contrary we will be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate, and otherwise use such material for any purpose.

2.5.  When using the Website you shall not send to or from the Website any material:

(a)    for which you have not obtained all necessary consents;

(b)    that is discriminatory, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, liable to incite racial hatred, in breach of confidentiality or privacy, which may cause annoyance or inconvenience to others, which encourages or constitutes conduct that would be deemed a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise is contrary to the law;

(c)     which is harmful in nature including, and without limitation, computer viruses, Trojan horses, corrupted data, or other potentially harmful software or data.

2.6.  If you would like to link to this Website, you may only do so on the basis that you link to, but do not replicate, any page on this Website, and subject to the following conditions:

(a)    you do not in any way imply that we are endorsing any services or products unless this has been specifically agreed with us;

(b)    you do not misrepresent your relationship with us or present any false information about us;

(c)     you do not link from a website that is not owned by you; and

(d)    your website does not contain content that is offensive, controversial, infringes any intellectual property rights or other rights of any other person, or does not comply in any way with any applicable laws.

2.7.  If you choose to link to our Website you shall fully indemnify us for any loss or damage suffered as a result of your actions.

2.8.  We will always notify law enforcement authorities if we find out about the illegal activities of the Website users.

DISCLAIMERS REGARDING WEBSITE CONTENT
3.1.  Please be noted that the Website's main purpose is to promote various goods and services as specified in Clause 1.1. of these Terms. Thus, in some cases, we might receive remuneration and other forms of endorsement from the businesses specified in the Website's articles, as well as other content.

3.2.  The special offers, rates, saving amounts and other third-party deals and offers described or promoted on this Website are shown for illustrative purposes to reflect the offers that we are recommending or suggesting to the visitors. The specific savings or offers that you might find on the Website, might not be available the exact moment when you access the Website, as usually, such offers have a specific expiration date, and we can’t guarantee that such offers will still be available at the time of your visit on the Website. Each promotion, savings and special offer has its own qualifications and requirements, and it is your responsibility to check if you are eligible for it.

3.3.  We are not responsible for the change of information at our sponsors, including, but not limited to, rebate information, saving amounts, rates, pricing, availability, or fitness for use. You understand that BenefitRight does not and cannot review all material made available through websites linked or linking to any third-party sites.

3.4.  We are not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any external websites or links that you can find on the Website. By agreeing with these Terms You acknowledge that the use of third-party websites, ads, or links may be subject to a third-party’s terms and conditions and/or privacy policy. The terms and conditions of third-party discount/savings offers, including refund and cancellation policies, are governed by such third-party policies, and not these Terms. You should contact the third-party site administrator or webmaster for those sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such sites or the specific criteria that you must meet to use such offers.

3.5.  We provide no guarantees that any savings, discounts or offers will be available in your location, nor that you will meet the eligibility criteria, nor that such offers will meet your specific needs. Please check directly with each of our sponsors to make sure you are eligible for their promotions, offers and savings.

3.6.  Any third-party content or a link to a third-party site is not an endorsement of our services or the Website.

3.7.  BenefitRight is not affiliated with any governmental authorities or other companies with similar names or services. We are a fully independent private company that strives to provide information and advice regarding money saving, personal finance, and other similar topics.

THIRD-PARTY TRADEMARKS AND LINKS
4.1.  All third-party trademarks displayed or specified on this Website are the property of their respective owners. The presence of a third-party‘s trademark does not mean that we have any right to such trademarks or that it does have any relationship with us, or that such third-party endorses BenefitRight or our services.

4.2.  We have no responsibility for any third-party links or the contents of third-party websites to which you would be linked via our Website.

4.3.  Any links to third party websites located on this Website are provided for your convenience only. We have not reviewed each third-party website and have no responsibility for such third-party websites or their content. We do not endorse the third-party websites or make representations about them or any material contained in them. If you choose to access a third-party website linked to from this Website, it is at your own risk.

COPYRIGHT AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
5.1.  Unless otherwise indicated by us and save for third-party trademarks, this Website, all copyrights, and all intellectual property within the Website, including its source code, databases, functionality, software, designs, text, photographs, and graphics are owned or controlled by BenefitRight and are protected by copyright and trademark laws. It is forbidden to copy or use any of the Website contents without prior written approval by us.

5.2.  Users of the Website are forbidden to reproduce, edit, transmit, publish, or lend any materials or intellectual property related to the Website.

5.3.  Nothing in these Terms can be interpreted as a license or transfer of any intellectual property rights in relation to the use of the Website.

5.4.  We shall have the right, to enforce intellectual property rights, impose restrictions on the number of devices, device types, or access channels through which digital content of the Website can be accessed.

5.5.  If any user of our Website acts in contravention with this section of Terms, we might suspend access to the relevant digital content, notwithstanding our right to recover from the user the loss suffered as a result of or in connection with the infringement including any expenses incurred (lawyers costs, etc.). 

GENERAL DISCLAIMERS
6.1.  We take reasonable steps to ensure that the information on this Website is correct. However, we do not guarantee the correctness or completeness of material on this Website. We may make changes to the material on this Website at any time and without prior notice. The material on this Website may be out of date, or on rare occasions incorrect and we do not commit to ensuring that such material is correct or up to date.

6.2.  The materials of this Website is provided without any conditions or warranties of any kind. To the maximum extent permitted by law, we provide access and use of this Website on the basis that we exclude all representations, warranties, and conditions which but for these Terms may affect in relation to this Website.

6.3.  We made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images that appear at the site, however, we cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any color will be accurate.

EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY
7.1.  Neither we nor any other party (whether or not involved in producing, maintaining or delivering this Website), shall be liable or responsible for any kind of loss or damage that may result to you or a third-party as a result of your or their use of our Website. This exclusion shall include servicing or repair costs and, without limitation, any other direct, indirect or consequential loss, and whether in tort or contract or otherwise in connection with this Website.

7.2.  We will not be responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate, complete, or current. Any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk.

7.3.  We do not warrant that the Website’s services will be uninterrupted or error-free. We will not be responsible for any service interruptions, including, but not limited to, system failures or other interruptions that may affect your use of the Website.

7.4.  Nothing in these Terms shall exclude or limit liability for (i) death or personal injury caused by negligence; (ii) fraud; or (iii) any liability which cannot be excluded or limited under the applicable laws.

PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION
8.1.  To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.

8.2.  We handle all personal data with the utmost care and diligence and do not allow any unauthorized use of any personal data. To find out more about how we process personal data please read our Privacy Policy. 

8.3.  To protect personally identifiable information we have changed all names, images, locations, testimonials, and/or comments in this article to fictitious names and associative images, while true names and other details of the specified reviewers and authors are known to us. If you wish to share your experience regarding the goods or services that are reviewed or endorsed on the Website, you can send us your comments/opinions, without fear of having your name or other personally identifiable details being exposed. We value our visitors' privacy and we will never disclose your personal information neither publicly, nor privately, except when we would be instructed to do so by the rightful owner of such personal information.

MISCELLANEOUS
9.1.  You may not use the Website for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Website, violate any laws.

9.2.  If any provision of these Terms is determined to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.

9.3.  You can review the most current version of these Terms at any time at this page. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change, or replace any part of these Terms by posting updates and changes on the Website.

9.4.  These Terms shall be governed by and construed under EU law. Any dispute(s) arising in connection with these Terms or your use of the Website is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of EU.

 