Better World Books Terms of Use
Last Updated: March 2, 2026

PLEASE READ SECTIONS 16-20 BELOW THAT CONTAIN A DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, INDEMNIFICATION, LIMITATION ON TIME TO FILE CLAIMS, AND ARBITRATION PROVISIONS, INCLUDING A CLASS ACTION WAIVER AND A JURY TRIAL WAIVER. SUCH PROVISIONS MAY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO ANY AND ALL DISPUTES YOU MAY HAVE INVOLVING QUMPUS, INC., D/B/A BETTER WORLD BOOKS, THESE BETTER WORLD BOOKS TERMS OF USE, OUR GIFT CERTIFICATE TERMS OF USE FOR BETTER WORLD BOOKS, OUR REWARD PROGRAM TERMS OF USE, OR OUR PRIVACY POLICY.

Qumpus, Inc., d.b.a. Better World Books, a Georgia corporation, ("Better World Books", "BWB", "we" or "us") operates the web site located at the u.r.l., www.BetterWorldBooks.com (the "Site") and related websites where these Better World Books Terms of Use ("Terms of Use") are posted (collectively, the "Sites"). These Terms of Use govern your access to and use of the Sites. Your access to and use of the Sites are expressly conditioned on your compliance with these Terms of Use. By accessing or using the Sites, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy, and any other terms, guidelines or rules that are applicable to any portion of the Sites that you may access, without limitation or qualification. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you must exit the Sites immediately and discontinue any use of information, products or services from the Sites.

Additional terms apply to Better World Books' gift certificates, The BWB Rewards Club, our refer-a-friend program and such terms can be found below:

Gift Certificate Terms of Use for Better World Books
The BWB Rewards Club Terms & Conditions
Better World Books Refer-a-Friend Program Terms & Conditions

Also, other additional terms and conditions may be posted on the Sites from time to time; please refer to such separate terms and conditions where applicable.

1. Registration
If you open an account or register to use the Sites, you are required to select a password and user name, which shall consist of an email address that you provide. If you register, you agree to provide us with accurate and complete registration information, and to inform us immediately of any updates or other changes to such information. You are responsible for safeguarding any username and/or password that you use to access any areas of the Sites. You agree to take sole responsibility for any activities or actions under your username and password, whether or not you have authorized such activities or actions. You agree to immediately notify Better World Books of any unauthorized use of your username or password. You shall be responsible for any and all fees and charges incurred under your account or using your password, whether or not incurred by you or a third party, with or without your authorization. You agree to reimburse us for all costs and expenses, including, without limitation, attorneys, fees and collection fees, incurred by us in our efforts to collect any outstanding balance from you. We reserve the right to refuse registration of, or cancel your account at our sole discretion. By using the Sites or registering for an account, you represent and warrant that: (1) you have the legal capacity and you agree to comply with these Terms of Use; (2) you are not under the age of 18; (3) you are not a minor in the jurisdiction in which you reside; (4) you will not access the Sites through automated or non-human means, whether through a bot, script or otherwise; (5) you will not use the Sites for any illegal or unauthorized purpose; and (6) your use of the Sites will not violate any applicable law or regulation. We reserve the right to reject or otherwise terminate access to your account at any time. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Sites (or any portion thereof).

2. Age of Users
The Sites are intended for users who are at least 18 years of age. Children under the age of 18 may not use the Sites and parents or legal guardians may not agree to these Terms of Use on their behalf. If we become aware that a child under 18 has provided or attempted to provide us with personal information, we will use our best efforts to remove the information permanently from our files.

If you are under the age of 18 but at least 13 years of age, you may use the Sites only under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you are a parent or legal guardian agreeing to these Terms of Use for the benefit of a child between the ages of 13 and 18, be advised that you are fully responsible for his or her use of the Sites, including all financial charges and legal liability that he or she may incur.

3. User Submissions
All communications, comments, feedback, bug reports, suggestions, ideas, content, and other submissions submitted to Better World Books through the Sites (collectively, "Submissions") shall be and remain Better World Books' property with all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual property in such Submissions hereby being assigned to Better World Books by you. You may not use a false email address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of any Submissions. Better World Books reserves the right (but has no obligation) to remove or edit any such Submissions. Better World Books assumes no liability for any Submissions posted on the Sites by you or any third party.

4. Prohibited Uses
Your use of the Sites and all Submissions, as well as all communications made by you through the Sites, including, without limitation, blog and chat messages, shall not (i) be illegal, defamatory, trade libelous, threatening, invasive of privacy or harassing; (ii) be obscene or contain any pornography; (iii) contain any software viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots or other computer programming routines that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information; (iv) infringe upon or misappropriate any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property or proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy; (v) consist of or contain political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings or any form of "spam"; or (vi) otherwise create or result in any liability for Better World Books.

You also agree to not, directly or indirectly:

a. impersonate any person or entity or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity in connection with your use of the Sites;
b. use or access the Sites (i) from a jurisdiction where such use or access is not authorized, (ii) for any illegal purpose, or (iii) in violation of any local, state, national, or international law;
c. use the Sites to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability;
d. access or use the Sites via mechanical, programmatic, robotic, scripted or any other automated means;
e. remove or modify any proprietary notice, copyright notice, or trademark legend, author attribution, or other notice placed on or contained within any of the Sites or attempt to disable, bypass, modify, defeat, or otherwise circumvent any digital rights management or security system used as part of the Sites;
f. upload to the Sites the personal information of others that you are not authorized to provide or using the Platform to collect or track the personal information of others;
g. use the Sites in a way that suggests you are a representative of Better World Books;
h. use the Sites as a platform for external applications, or to develop applications, services, websites, or any other functionalities that leverage the Sites;
i. interfere with or disrupt the proper functioning of the Sites, Better World Books' or any third party's systems used to host the Sites, or other equipment or networks used to provide the Sites;
j. circumvent the security of the Sites or any host, network, or account related thereto;
k. use any application programming interface to access the Sites;
l. allow any individual to use any account log-in credentials (e.g., user identification(s), code(s), password(s), procedure(s) and user keys) issued to, or selected by Better World Books for someone other than the individual identified in the account information;
m. access or attempt to access the Sites by any means other than through the means provided by Better World Books;
n. cause damage to Better World Books' business, reputation, employees, members, facilities, or to any other person or legal entity;
o. otherwise use the Sites in any manner that exceeds the scope of use granted above; or
p. attempt to do any of the acts prohibited in this section, or assist or permit any person in engaging in any of the acts prohibited in this section.
Any use of the Sites which violates these Terms of Use, gives Better World Books the right (without notice or liability) to refuse, restrict, terminate or discontinue your access to the Sites (or any portions, components, or features thereof).

5. Electronic Communications
When you visit the Sites or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. By doing so, you thereby consent to receive communications from us electronically. We may communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on the Sites. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.

6. Promotional and Marketing Messages; Opting Out
We and/or our service providers may, from time to time, mail marketing materials or send emails or text messages to you containing advertisements and/or promotions. If you opt-in to receive text messages, you agree to receive recurring automated promotional and personalized marketing text (e.g., SMS, MMS, and RCS) messages (e.g. cart reminders) from Better World Books, including text messages that may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system and/or AI-assisted technology (the "Messaging Service"), to the mobile telephone number you provided when signing up or any other number that you designate. Consent to receive automated marketing text messages is not a condition of any purchase. Msg & Data rates may apply. Depending on the jurisdiction, you may also have to opt-in to receive marketing or promotional emails.

Message frequency will vary. Better World Books reserves the right to alter the frequency of messages sent at any time, so as to increase or decrease the total number of sent messages. Better World Books also reserves the right to change the short code or phone number from which messages are sent and we will notify you when we do so.

Not all mobile devices, handsets, or carriers may be supported and our messages may not be deliverable in all areas. Messages may not be deliverable if you add digits or symbols to our phone number. Better World Books is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.

We may share certain information with our service providers that assist with providing the Messaging Service, as described in our Privacy Policy.

WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH MARKETING MATERIALS, EMAIL MESSAGES, SMS, RCS, OR MMS MESSAGES OR ANY GOODS OR SERVICES THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THIRD PARTIES.

Opting out

Marketing text messages: You can opt-out of receiving further marketing and commercial text messages via the Messaging Service by following the instructions to opt-out from the Messaging Service, which may include texting one of the following replies: STOP, END, CANCEL, UNSUBSCRIBE, QUIT, REVOKE, or OPT OUT. After texting STOP, END, CANCEL, UNSUBSCRIBE, QUIT, REVOKE or OPT OUT to our shortcode you may receive one additional message confirming that your request has been processed. If you unsubscribe from one of our text message programs, you may continue to receive text messages from Better World Books through any other programs you have joined until you separately unsubscribe from those programs. Text the keyword HELP to our shortcode to return customer care contact information for messaging support.

If you are experiencing any problems with the Messaging Service, please contact help@betterworldbooks.com.

Marketing email messages: You can opt-out of receiving further marketing emails by following the instructions listed at the bottom of the email.

Other marketing materials: You can opt-out of receiving further marketing materials in the mail by emailing our customer care team at help@betterworldbooks.com.

7. Order Information
By making a purchase from the Sites, you understand and agree that we may share information about you and your transaction with other companies for the purpose of processing your transaction, including, without limitation, for purposes of fraud prevention, vendor direct shipping and credit card authorization.

8. Proprietary Rights
The Sites and their entire contents, features and functionality (including but not limited to all information, text, displays, images, video and audio, and the design, selection and arrangement thereof), are owned by Better World Books, its licensors or providers of such material and are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.

The trademarks, names, logos and service marks (collectively "trademarks") displayed on the Sites are registered and unregistered trademarks of Better World Books and/or its third-party licensors or partners. Nothing contained on the Sites should be construed as granting you any license or right to use any trademark without the prior written permission of Better World Books.

9. External Links
The Sites contains links to other websites on the Internet. We provide these links for your convenience only, and we explicitly disclaim any responsibility for the accuracy, content, or availability of information found on websites that link to or from the Sites. We cannot ensure that you will be satisfied with, and we hereby disclaim any and all liability and responsibility with regard to, any products or services that you purchase from a third-party website that links to or from the Sites or third-party content on our Sites. We do not endorse any of such products or services, nor have we taken any steps to confirm the accuracy or reliability of, any of the information contained in such third-party websites or content. We do not make any representations or warranties as to the security of any information (including, without limitation, credit card and other personal information) you might be requested to give any third-party, and you hereby irrevocably waive any claim against us with respect to such websites and third-party content. We strongly encourage you to make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any of these third parties. In addition, we disclaim all warranties express or implied, as to the accuracy, legality, reliability or validity of any content on any such website, or that such website will be free from viruses or other harmful elements.

10. Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide Better World Books' copyright agent the written information specified below. Please note that this procedure is exclusively for notifying Better World Books that your copyrighted material has been infringed.

An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon;
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Sites, including the ISBN if applicable;
Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
Better World Books' copyright agent's address for purposes of notices of claims of copyright infringement on the Sites is as follows:
Copyright Agent
Better World Books
55740 Currant Road
Mishawaka, IN 46545

11. Product Descriptions
Better World Books attempts to be as accurate as possible with regard to the descriptions of books and other products that it sells on the Sites. However, Better World Books does not warrant that such descriptions or other content of the Sites is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by Better World Books is not as described on the Sites, your sole remedy is to return it, in the same condition as received, either for replacement with the same or a comparable product or for a refund within thirty (30) days after receipt.

12. Pricing
The cost of shipping, based on the "Ship To" address, is built in to the purchase price of the book. In addition, we make reasonable efforts to accurately price all books and other products offered on the Sites; however, despite our best efforts, a small number of the items may be mispriced. If an item's correct price is higher than our stated price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.

13. Purchases and Payment Information
When using the services or placing an order with us, you may be required to pay a purchase price associated with the item(s), along with applicable fees and taxes ("Fees"). The Fees you pay at checkout on the Sites may not include all applicable taxes or fees you may incur as a result of your purchase and subsequent shipping and delivery of such purchase, including, without limitation, any local, excise, or customs related taxes, duties, or fees, and payment of all such taxes, duties, or fees are your sole responsibility and obligation. ("Additional Fees").

By placing an order with us for shipping outside the United States, you hereby authorize a licensed customs broker chosen by us to act as your agent to clear the items you ordered and account for any Additional Fees as applicable on your behalf.

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to consolidate multiple orders placed by the same customer. Any Fees or Additional Fees incurred as a result of any order consolidation are the customer's sole responsibility and obligation.

We make reasonable efforts to accurately price all items. In the event that an item's correct price is higher than the stated price on our Sites, we reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to either (i) honor the stated price, (ii) contact you for instructions prior to shipment, or (iii) cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.

We use third-party payment gateways ("Third-Party Payment Gateways" or "Third-Party Payment Gateway Vendor") to process applicable order fees, taxes, and/or payments. Better World Books accepts the following payment methods:

Apple Pay: Exclusively for shoppers using Safari on iPhones, iPads, or Mac computers. Simple and quick to use, if you have your Apple Pay account set up.
Google Pay: Google Pay is the fast, easy, and secure way to pay online, using the cards saved to your Google Account.
Credit or Debit Cards: We accept Visa, MasterCard, Discover, and American Express cards.
Gift Certificates: Better World Books Gift Certificates may be used or combined with other payment methods to complete an order. To purchase a Better World Books Gift Certificate, visit our selection on our Sites. Please be sure to only enter the numbers at checkout; hyphens (-) are not required.
PayPal: We accept all forms of PayPal transactions, including eChecks. For more information about PayPal options, visit PayPal's website.
Pre-Paid Gift Cards: We accept all pre-paid cards backed by American Express, MasterCard, and Visa. Please be sure to register your card before you use it. Most cards will include a 1-800 number for activation. You will need to attach a billing address during registration. These cannot be combined with other payment methods.
eBooks: For eBook purchases, the only accepted payment method is Credit or Debit Card (Visa, MasterCard, Discover, or American Express).
Payment methods we are unable to accept: We are unable to accept Cash, COD, Paper Check, or Money Order.
By using the services, you hereby agree to the terms of use and privacy policy of the then-current Third-Party Payment Gateway. We are not liable for any issues arising from or related to your breach of any Third-Party Payment Gateway's policies. We may, from time-to-time, change our Third-Party Payment Gateway Vendors without notice. All information collected through our Third-Party Payment Gateway Vendors, such as credit card information, names, and addresses, may be accessible to us, but will not be used, sold, or stored by us. We are not liable for any data breach or security incident, or compromised personal information that is caused, directly or indirectly, by the Third-Party Payment Gateway Vendor. You are responsible for any data or personal information that you directly provide to any Third-Party Payment Gateway Vendor.

If you choose to delete certain data or personal information with us, or if you opt-out-of-sale, we may not be able to process payments, fees, refunds, orders, credits, promotions or offers with our Third-Party Payment Gateway Vendors.

14. Return Policy
Better World Books values your satisfaction and offers returns within thirty (30) days after the estimated delivery date on most items. All returned items must be in their original condition. For complete details regarding our return and cancellation policy, including return authorization requirement and processing fees, please visit our full Return Policy page.

Key highlights of our Return Policy include:

Returns: Returns must be requested within thirty (30) days of the estimated delivery date. All items must be returned in their original condition, and certain items such as loose-leaf or unbound materials are non-returnable if opened.

Return Authorization: All returns require prior approval. Please contact our Customer Care team at help@betterworldbooks.com before sending any item back to receive return instructions and authorization.

Cancellations: Orders may be cancelled within one (1) hour of placement. Cancellations requested after one (1) hour must be submitted by contacting our Customer Care team at help@betterworldbooks.com.

Fees: We reserve the right to charge a processing fee and/or a return shipping fee for any return or refund not due to an error by or the fault of Better World Books. Shipping and processing fees previously paid are non-refundable.

Donations: All donations are non-refundable and are not tax deductible.

For full details, including condition-specific return requirements, please refer to our complete Return Policy.

15. Privacy Policy
The privacy practices that we follow when collecting and using personal information ("Personal Information") and other information that you submit to us through the Sites are described in our Privacy Policy, located at www.betterworldbooks.com/go/privacy.

16. Disclaimer of Warranties
We provide the Sites and its contents "AS IS." We and our suppliers make no express warranties or guarantees about the Sites. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE AND OUR SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY THAT THE SITE IS OR WILL BE MERCHANTABLE, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, ACCURATE, TIMELY, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NEED, OR NON-INFRINGING.

WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT THIS SITE OR ITS CONTENT WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, IS ERROR-FREE, RELIABLE, OR WILL OPERATE WITHOUT INTERRUPTION. We reserve the right to modify, suspend, withdraw, discontinue, or change all or any part of our Sites without notice. However, we have no obligation to update any information on our Sites and we will not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Sites. We may make improvements and/or changes to features, functionality or content on the Sites at any time. Nothing in these Terms of Use will be construed to obligate us to maintain and support the Sites or to supply any corrections, updates, or releases in connection to the Sites.

Because some states do not permit disclaimer of implied warranties, you may have additional consumer rights under your local laws.

17. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT WILL BETTER WORLD BOOKS, ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE, OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITES, ANY CONTENT ON THE SITES OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITES, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE, OR ANY INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS OR DAMAGE, ARISING FROM OR CONNECTED WITH THE SITES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, YOUR USE OF THE SITES OR YOUR INABILITY TO USE THE SITES EVEN IF FORESEEABLE. THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

In no event shall Better World Books be liable, under any legal theory (contract, negligence or other tort, strict liability (where applicable), breach of statutory duty, breach of warranty or otherwise) under these Terms of Use or otherwise for any damages in excess of One Hundred Dollars ($100). Such limitation shall extend to all liability or potential liability, including for personal injury or wrongful death.

18. Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Better World Books, its affiliates, licensors and service providers, and its and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, suppliers, successors and assigns from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses or fees (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or relating to: (i) your violation of these Terms of Use, the documents they incorporate by reference, or any applicable law, (ii) your use of or access to the Sites, including, but not limited to, your Submissions, any use of a Site's content, services and products other than as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use or your use of any information obtained from the Sites, (iii) any breach of your representations and warranties set forth in these Terms of Use; (iv) your violation of the rights of a third party, including but not limited to intellectual property rights; (v) any harmful act by you toward any other user of the Sites with whom you connected via the Sites; or (vi) any claim pertaining to the Sites or your use of the Sites that arises from or alleges negligence, fraud, or intentional misconduct committed by you.

19. Limitation on Time to File Claims
ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF USE OR THE SITES MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES, OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.

20. Governing Law and Jurisdiction; Arbitration; Class Action and Jury Waiver
USE OF THE SITES SHALL IN ALL RESPECTS BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF GEORGIA, U.S., WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES. EXCLUDING DISPUTES ADDRESSED THROUGH ARBITRATION AS PROVIDED BELOW, THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE COURTS LOCATED IN FULTON COUNTY, GEORGIA, UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, SHALL HAVE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OVER ALL CONTROVERSIES, CLAIMS, DISPUTES, OR DIFFERENCES ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREE THAT VENUE IS PROPER IN THOSE COURTS AND WAIVE ANY AND ALL OBJECTIONS TO SUCH JURISDICTION AND VENUE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, FORUM NON-CONVENIENS.

The terms of this section apply to all disputes, even if the actions or relationship giving rise to such disputes occurred prior to this version of the Terms of Use (or such modification). However, the provisions of this section do not apply to any dispute as to which you have personally initiated a lawsuit or arbitration prior to agreeing to these Terms of Use.

We are reachable via the contact information at the end of these Terms of Use to address any concerns you may have regarding your use of our Sites. The parties shall use their best efforts to settle any dispute, claim, question, or disagreement directly through consultation and good faith negotiations as described below, which shall be a precondition to you initiating a lawsuit or arbitration against us ("Informal Dispute Resolution Process"). If you have a dispute with us, you must send an individualized, written notice describing the dispute to us via email to privacy@betterworldbooks.com. If we have a dispute with you, we will send a written notice to you using the contact information we have for you.

Promptly following receipt of such notice, we will personally meet, via telephone or videoconference, in a good-faith effort to confer with each other and try to resolve informally any dispute covered by these Terms of Use. If you are represented by counsel, your counsel may participate in the conference as well, but you agree to fully participate in the conference personally. Likewise, if we are represented by counsel, our counsel may participate in the conference as well, but we agree to have a company representative fully participate in the conference. The statute of limitations and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the Informal Dispute Resolution Process required by this section.

Any matter or dispute relating in any way to your use of the Sites or these Terms of Use, which is not so resolved within 60 days of the opposing party receiving the notice shall be submitted to binding confidential arbitration as provided below.

Failure to complete the Informal Dispute Resolution Process is grounds for dismissal of any arbitration, described below. If a party brings an arbitration as described below without following the Informal Dispute Resolution Process, the arbitration shall be dismissed and such party is required to pay any reasonable costs and fees of the other party.

Excluding claims by us for injunctive or other non-monetary relief, any claims related to the Sites and any dispute or controversy arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use, including without limitation, any and all disputes, claims (whether in tort, contract, statutory, or otherwise) or disagreements concerning the existence, breach, interpretation, application, or termination of these Terms of Use, shall be brought on an individual basis and shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration before an arbitrator mutually selected by the parties. The arbitrator must have experience with the subject matter of the dispute, and be a former federal or state court judge. The parties intend the Federal Arbitration Act ("FAA") to apply to ensure enforcement of this arbitration agreement.

The parties will meet and confer in good faith to select an arbitrator. For purposes of this section, good-faith meet-and-confer efforts require that each party propose at least three arbitrators who meet the qualifications described in these Terms of Use. If, after 60 days of good faith meet and confer efforts, the parties are unable to agree on an arbitrator, either party may petition the courts of Georgia or the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia to appoint an arbitrator meeting the requirements herein from the arbitrators proposed by the parties.

The arbitration shall be governed by the JAMS Inc. Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures. The selection of the JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures does not mean that the arbitration will be administered by JAMS.

The decision of the arbitrator will be final and binding on the parties. Judgment on any award(s) rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Nothing in this section shall prevent either party from seeking immediate injunctive relief from any court of competent jurisdiction, and any such request shall not be deemed incompatible with the agreement to arbitrate or a waiver of the right to arbitrate. The parties undertake to keep confidential all awards in their arbitration, together with all confidential information, all materials in the proceedings created for the purpose of the arbitration and all other documents produced by the other party in the proceedings and not otherwise in the public domain, except to the extent that disclosure may be legally required of a party, necessary to protect or pursue a legal right, or to enforce or challenge an award in legal proceedings before a court or other judicial authority.

The arbitration shall take place in Georgia or at the option of the party seeking relief, online, by telephone, via written submissions alone or in your state of residence if requested. If the party seeking arbitration fails to appear at the administrative conference regardless of whether such party's counsel attends, the arbitrator will administratively close the arbitration proceeding without prejudice, unless such party shows good cause as to why they were not able to attend the conference. You and we agree that the party initiating arbitration must submit a certification to the arbitrator that they have complied with and completed the Informal Dispute Resolution Process requirements referenced above and that they are a party to the arbitration agreement enclosed with or attached to the demand for arbitration. The arbitrator is authorized to impose any sanctions under the JAMS Rules, Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11, or applicable federal or state law, against all appropriate represented parties and counsel. Except as expressly provided in this arbitration agreement, the arbitrator may grant any remedy, relief, or outcome that the parties could have received in court, including awards of attorneys' fees and costs, in accordance with applicable law.

If the arbitrator finds that the costs and fees of an arbitration you initiate will be prohibitive for you as compared to the costs of litigation, we will pay as much of your filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees in the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive, regardless of the outcome of the arbitration, unless the arbitrator determines that your claim(s) were frivolous, brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), or asserted in bad faith. If we initiate an arbitration against you, we will pay all costs associated with the arbitration (other than your attorneys' fees and expenses unless permitted to be recovered under the arbitration rules or applicable law). Except as provided herein, the parties shall bear their own attorneys' fees and costs in any arbitration.

INDEPENDENT OF ANY AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE, YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL IN ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING. IN ADDITION, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AGREE THAT EACH PARTY TO A DISPUTE HEREUNDER MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION.

If you bring a dispute in a manner other than in accordance with this section, you agree that we may move to have it dismissed, and that you will be responsible for our reasonable attorneys' fees, court costs, and disbursements in doing so. Additionally, in any action or proceeding to enforce rights under these Terms, the prevailing party will be entitled to reasonable attorneys' fees, court costs, and disbursements.

21. Modification of the Sites or Terms of Use
Better World Books reserves the right to change, modify, alter, update or discontinue these Terms of Use and any other terms, conditions and notices under which the Sites are offered and/or the products, services, features, links, content, information and any other materials are offered via the Sites, at any time and from time to time, without notice or further obligation to you. By continuing to access or use the Sites after Better World Books makes any such modifications, alterations or updates, you agree to be bound by such modifications, alterations or updates (as applicable).

22. Conflict of Terms
If there is a direct conflict or contradiction between the provisions of these Terms of Use and any other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices that apply to a particular section or module of the Sites, the other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices which relate specifically to a particular section or module of the Sites shall prevail in respect of your use of that relevant section or module of the Sites.

23. International Use
Please be aware that we have locations in the United States and that the Sites are governed by United States law. If you are using the Sites or accessing the Sites from outside of the United States, your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers may be located.

Better World Books makes no representation that the Sites are appropriate or available for use in locations outside of the United States, and access to the Sites from territories where such Sites is illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access the Sites from locations outside of the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. You may not use or export the Sites in violation of United States export laws and regulations.

If you use the Sites or access the Sites outside of the United States, we may transfer, store, and process your information to and in the United States. We will implement safeguards to ensure an appropriate level of data protection for your information. If you use the Sites or access the Sites outside of the United States, you will not access or use the Sites if you are on the United States Treasury Department's "Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List," or are located in a country embargoed by the United States; and agree to comply with all local laws, rules, and regulations including all laws, rules, and regulations in effect in the country in which you reside and the country from which you access the Sites. The Sites are not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation.

24. Severability
Any provision of these Terms of Use which is or becomes unenforceable in any jurisdiction, whether due to being void, invalidity, illegality, unlawfulness or for any reason whatsoever, shall, in such jurisdiction only and only to the extent that it is so unenforceable, be treated as void, and the remaining provisions of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices shall remain in full force and effect.

25. Waiver; Entire Agreement
Any waiver of any provision of these Terms of Use must be in writing and signed by Better World Books to be valid. A waiver of any provision hereunder shall not operate as a waiver of any other provision, or a continuing waiver of the same provision in the future. These Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy constitute the entire understanding and agreement between you and us relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all prior statements, understandings or agreements, whether oral or written regarding such subject matter, and shall not be modified except in writing, signed by you and Better World Books.

26. Termination
Your access to the Sites and your account may be terminated immediately without notice from us, if, in our sole discretion, you fail to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Use. Upon termination, you must cease use of the Sites and your account, and neither you, nor any third party on your behalf, shall access or attempt to access the Sites for any purpose whatsoever.

27. Contact Information
You may contact us by emailing us at help@betterworldbooks.com.

Gift Certificate Terms of Use for Better World Books
All Better World Books Gift Certificates ("Better World Books Gift Certificate(s)" and "Gift Certificate(s)" are deemed purchased in and issued from the State of Georgia. The risk of loss and title to such items passes to the purchaser upon our electronic transmission to the recipient or delivery to the carrier, whichever is applicable. Better World Books Gift Certificates may only be redeemed at betterworldbooks.com. Better World Books Gift Certificates are nonrefundable.

For online desktop and mobile redemption:

a. Select "I have a gift certificate" on Step 2: Payment at Checkout.
b. Enter the full Gift Certificate number string as it appears on the confirmation email into the Gift Certificate field.
c. After entering the characters shown, select the Apply button.
d. Your order invoice will display gift certificate as the payment method selection.
Note: All gift cards must be submitted before entering a credit card. Multiple Gift Certificates may be applied toward one order.

Additional Terms and Conditions/FAQs
For balance or customer service, please email help@betterworldbooks.com or call 800-894-0242 ext. 1256. Better World Books Gift Certificates are redeemable only for merchandise at betterworldbooks.com. They may not be redeemed for cash (except as required by law). Better World Books Gift Certificates may be purchased as a gift. Treat the Better World Books Gift Certificate like cash and protect the Gift Certificate. The bearer is responsible if it is lost or stolen. Lost or stolen Gift Certificates will only be replaced with proof of purchase and only for the value shown in the records of Better World Books. The Better World Books Gift Certificate is issued by Qumpus, Inc., d/b/a Better World Books, and is required for all inquiries regarding the same. Better World Gift Certificates do not expire, and no fees are imposed.

How can I check the balance remaining on my Better World Books Gift Certificate?
You may check the available balance on your Better World Books Gift Certificate in one of two ways: (1) call Customer Service at Better World Books at 800-894-0242 ext. 1256 ask a Customer Service representative to check the balance for you, or (2) email Customer Service at Better World Book at help@betterworldbooks.com, and a Customer Service representative will check the balance for you.

May I return my Better World Books Gift Certificate?
The Better World Books Gift Certificates are not returnable and cannot be redeemed or exchanged for cash (unless required by law), check, credit, or payment on any account.

How long should I keep my Better World Books Gift Certificate after using as tender for an online purchase?
Please retain your Better World Books Gift Certificate(s) until you have received your online order.

Is Better World Books Gift Certificate reloadable?
No. The Better World Books Gift Certificate is not reloadable.

I want a printed Better World Books Gift Certificate to present to someone as a gift. How can I accomplish this?
Yes, you may present the Better World Books Gift Certificate in printed form. The resulting printout may be presented as a gift to the recipient and may be redeemed at betterworldbooks.com.

How is the Better World Books Gift Certificate sent to the recipient?
Better World Books Gift Certificates are delivered via email to the purchaser. No gift message may be included.

Can I let someone else use my Better World Books Gift Certificate?
Yes. Just like a plastic Gift Card, you do not have to provide any ID to use your Better World Books Gift Certificate

How do I know the recipient actually received the Better World Books Gift Certificate I sent them?
The purchaser is responsible for forwarding and delivering a Better World Books Gift Certificate. Better World Books cannot deliver on behalf of the purchaser

What if someone makes a copy of my printed Better World Books Gift Certificate?
You must safeguard your Better World Books Gift Certificate for your own protection. If someone makes a copy of your Better World Books Gift Certificate and redeems it for the full amount, your copy will have no value. No matter how many copies are made, the value of the Better World Books Gift Certificate is tied to the Better World Books Gift Certificate number. When that number is used, the value of the purchase is deducted from the Better World Books Gift Certificate. Please guard your Better World Books Gift Certificate as you would cash.

There are certain restrictions in connection with the use of a Better World Books Gift Certificate. If you engage in these activities, Better World Books may prevent you from claiming or redeeming gift certificates or may take further action on your account without issuing you a refund. You may not—

a. Sell or exchange a gift certificate for cash or for any other prepaid payment instrument.
b. Use a gift certificate as payment for orders placed for commercial reasons (i.e., sourcing inventory online). That is, you may not use Better World Books Gift Certificate to fulfill sales or fund purchases that you are making with the intent of reselling or exporting the goods or services.
c. Redeem a gift certificate to an account if you are not the intended recipient. An example of when you are the intended recipient is if you received the Gift Certificate as a gift. You are not the intended recipient if you fraudulently deceived the purchaser into giving or selling you a Gift Certificate (even if they willingly do so at the time of transfer).
d. Use a Gift Certificate for any illegal or unauthorized purpose.
The list of prohibited activities above is not intended to be a complete or exhaustive list of all prohibited activities. Engaging in any activity that, in our sole discretion, disrupts, or is harmful to our customers, reputation, goodwill, business, or operations is prohibited. Engaging in any prohibited activities or using a Better World Books Gift Certificate in violation of the GIFT CERTIFICATE TERMS OF USE FOR BETTER WORLD BOOKS ("Gift Certificate Terms of Use") may result in our taking action(s) against you, including, but not limited to, preventing you from claiming or redeeming Gift Certificates, revoking Gift Certificate balances, or closing your account consistent with our Gift Certificate Terms of Use.

By using a Better World Books Gift Certificate, you agree to comply with these Gift Certificate Terms of Use, and agree not to use a Gift Certificate in any manner that is misleading, deceptive, unfair, or otherwise harmful to Better World Books, its affiliates, or its customers. We reserve the right, without notice to you, to void Gift Certificates without a refund, suspend or terminate customer accounts, suspend, or terminate the ability to use our services, cancel or limit orders, and bill alternative forms of payment if we suspect that a Gift Certificate is obtained, used, or applied to your Better World Books account fraudulently, unlawfully, or otherwise in violation of these Gift Certificate Terms of Use.

These Gift Certificate Terms of Use are subject to change as legally allowed at our sole discretion and without notice at any time.

The BWB Rewards Club Terms & Conditions
Please read these terms and conditions carefully. By joining The BWB Rewards Club, you agree to The BWB Rewards Club Terms & Conditions ("The BWB Rewards Club Terms"). You are also subject to the Better World Books Terms of Use.

Overview
1. The BWB Rewards Club is an optional loyalty reward system offered by Better World Books. With The BWB Rewards Club, registered users may reach different tiers that offer rewards, discounts, and promotional offers. The BWB Rewards Club is for the benefit of individual readers for their own reading pleasure, and it is not intended to benefit the large order buyer or reseller.

Acceptance
2. These Club Terms constitute a legal agreement between you ("You" or "Club Participant") and Qumpus, Inc., DBA Better World Books, a Georgia corporation ("Better World Books," "BWB," "we," or "us"). By joining The BWB Rewards Club through the process provided below, you expressly acknowledge and agree to the terms and conditions that are laid out here. Also, the terms set forth in the Terms of Use are incorporated into The BWB Rewards Club Terms by reference and terms that are not defined in The BWB Rewards Club Terms shall have the meaning as set forth in the Terms of Use.

By joining The BWB Rewards Club, you also expressly acknowledge and agree that you are a resident of the United States.

By accepting The BWB Rewards Club Terms, you acknowledge and expressly consent to the following terms:

• By completing the sign-up process for The BWB Rewards Club, you are consenting to receive informational communications from BWB electronically regarding your Club account balance, available rewards and perks, and tier level;
• We may request, record, use, and keep any information about you (including, but not limited to, your name, mailing address, zip code, telephone number, credit, debit or payment account information, and email address) that we deem necessary to fulfill your requests and to service your registered account, including, but not limited to, requests to sign-up for an account, look up or edit your account information, or associate a purchase with your account. We will maintain such information for as long as needed to provide The BWB Rewards Club benefits and services;
• We may require you to log in to your registered account or create a registered account when you purchase goods at our Site in order to provide you with The BWB Rewards Club benefits. We may compile information about items you purchased from us, including but not limited to when purchases and returns were made, your method of payment, or if you open, access hyperlinks in, or respond to emails from us; and,
• You may not accept The BWB Rewards Club Terms if you are not 18 years old. Individuals under the age of 18 may not register for The BWB Rewards Club, and parents or legal guardians may not agree to The BWB Rewards Club Terms on their behalf. If BWB becomes aware that an individual under 18 has provided or attempted to provide BWB with personal information, BWB will use its best efforts to remove the information permanently from BWB files.

3. The BWB Rewards Club Registration
Children under the age of 18 may not register for the Club, and parents or legal guardians may not agree to these Club Terms of Use on their behalf. If BWB becomes aware that a child under 18 has provided or attempted to provide BWB with personal information, BWB will use its best efforts to remove the information permanently from BWB files.

Eligibility The BWB Rewards Club is only offered to individual customers who are: (1) age 18 or older and have registered for an account at our Site, (2) natural persons, (3) residents of the United States, (4) eligible to participate in The BWB Rewards Club and receive its benefits, and (5) not drop-shippers, i.e., sellers who list products for sale online and coordinate with a third-party supplier to get orders to customers. Customers who make purchases under a "Guest" account without creating a new registered account at the time of purchase are not eligible for The BWB Rewards Club benefits on such purchases. The BWB Rewards Club is intended for individual personal use only and commercial use and/or reselling is strictly prohibited. Companies, organizations, foundations, resellers, wholesale buyers, associations, and other groups or individuals who use The BWB Rewards Club for reselling or commercial purposes are not eligible for The BWB Rewards Club ("Ineligible Parties"). Any use of The BWB Rewards Club by Ineligible Parties or use of a single registered account for the purpose of accumulating The BWB Rewards Club benefits for combined, commercial, and/or reseller use will be considered a fraudulent act and a material breach of The BWB Rewards Club Terms. Use or attempted use of The BWB Rewards Club by Ineligible Parties will also be grounds for immediate termination, without liability or obligation of Better World Books to refund any fees or payments in relation to any associated Better World Books account. Further, Ineligible Parties found to be participating in The BWB Rewards Club will be liable to Better World Books for the value of any rewards redeemed, and Better World Books hereby expressly reserves any and all other rights and remedies available by law or in equity.

4. Earning and Redeeming Reward Points
The benefits available to you through The BWB Rewards Club are based on the number of points that you earn ("Club Points"). To earn Club Points, you must be logged into your Club account at the time of each purchase.

5. Earning Points
As a Club Participant, you may earn Club Points by making qualifying purchases on our Site while logged into your Club account. You will earn Club Points per dollar spent on qualifying purchases according to the terms of your Benefit Level (as defined below). Club Points will be credited to your account within approximately 24 hours of a qualifying purchase, or at Better World Books' discretion, within approximately 24 hours of Better World Books shipping your qualifying purchase. You must contact us via the e-mail at help@betterworldbooks.com within sixty (60) days after the date the purchase or other program activity took place to address any errors in crediting of points. We are not responsible for late notifications about purchases or other program activities not being credited to a The BWB Rewards Club account. Our good faith determination of the amount of Club Points earned under any purchase will be final and binding. Cumulative qualifying purchases will be calculated on a rolling basis from each date of purchase to determine the Club Participant's right to benefits under the "Benefit Levels" section. You will not earn Club Points in addition to specific promotional bonus Club Points on the value of those purchases that qualify for promotion-specific bonus Club Points, unless otherwise explicitly stated in the specific promotion. We may offer additional promotions or bonus Club Points for specific types of purchases as we determine in our sole discretion. Club Points will expire on a rolling twelve (12)-month basis.

6. Qualifying Purchases
Purchases must be made through our Site under a registered account at the time of purchase in order to qualify for Club Points. Purchases that are made under a guest account without creating a registered The BWB Rewards Club account during the purchase process do not qualify for Club Points. Qualifying purchases do not include bulk and wholesale purchases, purchases made using Better World Books gift certificates, purchases made with benefits received under The BWB Rewards Club, sales tax, shipping costs, and any other purchases we designate as non-qualifying, as provided in The BWB Rewards Club Terms. Qualifying purchases of discounted or sale items will earn Club Points according to the paid price of the purchased item, not the original list price. We reserve the right to designate any purchase as a non-qualifying purchase by noting its status as a non-qualifying purchase in the online promotion or benefit details on our Site.

7. Refunded Purchases
If we issue you a refund for a purchase which was previously a qualifying purchase, or if you cancel an otherwise qualifying purchase, we reserve the right to remove, or not credit you, any Club Points related to the returned purchase. The decision to remove or withhold Club Points will be made in our sole discretion. Refunds and cancellation are governed by our return, exchange, and cancellation policy, which is available at https://www.betterworldbooks.com/go/return-policy

8. Rewards
For every six hundred (600) points you earn, you can redeem a $5.00 off coupon code to use on a used book purchase. Coupon codes will be issued via email, and the email will contain the expiration date for the coupon code.

9. Birthday Bonus Points
As a birthday gift, you will receive a credit of additional Club Points based on your benefit level ("Birthday Bonus Points") once per year.

10. Benefit Levels
Club Participants will qualify for one of the Bronze, Silver, Gold, or Platinum benefit levels based on the number of qualifying purchases made ("Benefit Level") during the previous calendar year. The Benefit Level will apply for twelve (12) months (for example, if the Silver Benefit Level is achieved on May 1, 2025, then it will continue until May 1, 2026) (the "Benefit Cycle"). A Club Participant will revert to the Bronze Benefit Level at the end of each Benefit Cycle unless the Club Participant has made the requisite qualifying purchase(s) during the final calendar year of the Benefit Cycle to maintain a higher Benefit Level, in which case the higher Benefit Level will apply for a subsequent Benefit Cycle. Your Benefit Level will, subject to any unforeseen system outages or similar event, be automatically updated on your account within 24 hours of any event that gives rise to a change in Benefit Level. We reserve the right to modify the benefits offered at each Benefit Level at any time, without notice to you. Club Points will expire twelve (12) months after they are issued.
Bronze
All active Club Participants will qualify for Bronze level. Club Participants at the Bronze level will earn Club Points at the following rates: Bronze level Club Participants will earn Club Points at a rate of one point per $0.100 spent on qualifying book purchases (i.e., ten (10) points for every dollar spent on qualifying purchases).
Silver
A Club Participant who has paid at least $75.00 in qualifying purchases during the preceding twelve (12) months will qualify for Silver level. Club Participants at the Silver level will earn Club Points at the following rates: Silver level Club Participants will earn Club Points at a rate of one point per $.083 spent on qualifying book purchases (i.e., twelve (12) points for every dollar spent on qualifying purchases). Club Participants at the Silver level will also be given early access to certain promotions.
Gold
A Club Participant who has paid at least $200.00 in qualifying purchases during the preceding twelve (12) months will qualify for Gold level. Club Participants at the Gold level will earn Club Points at the following rates: Gold level Club Participants will earn Club Points at a rate of one point per $0.077 spent on qualifying used book purchases (i.e., thirteen (13) points for every dollar spent on qualifying purchases). Club Participants at the Gold level will also be given early access to certain promotions, faster customer service (if you submit a customer service ticket, we will endeavor to respond within four (4) hours during business hours (Monday – Friday between 8 am-4 pm (EST)), excluding weekends and holidays), and faster handling of their orders of used books (used book orders from Gold level Club Participants will be prioritized and processed and shipped the same day the order is placed, with certain exceptions, such as orders placed after 11 am (local time) and orders placed on holidays or during weekends).
Platinum
A Club Participant who has paid at least $300.00 in qualifying purchases during the preceding twelve (12) months will qualify for Platinum level. Club Participants at the Platinum level will earn Club Points at the following rates: Platinum level Club Participants will earn Club Points at a rate of one point per $0.067 spent on qualifying used book purchases (i.e., fifteen (15) points for every dollar spent on qualifying purchases). Club Participants at the Platinum level will also receive early access to certain promotions, faster customer service (if you submit a customer service ticket, we will endeavor to respond within two (2) hours during business hours (Monday – Friday between 8 am-4 pm (EST)), excluding weekends and holidays), and faster order handling of their orders of used books (used book orders from Platinum level Club Participants will be prioritized and processed and shipped the same day the order is placed, with certain exceptions, such as orders placed after 11 am (local time) and orders placed on holidays or during weekends).

11. Amendments, Modifications, and Termination of The BWB Rewards Club
We reserve the right to modify The BWB Rewards Club Terms or its policies relating to The BWB Rewards Club at any time, with or without notice, effective upon posting an updated version of The BWB Rewards Club Terms on our Site. We reserve the right to terminate The BWB Rewards Club at any time, for any reason, even though termination may adversely affect your ability to receive and/or use The BWB Rewards Club benefits. You will have the lesser of the then-remaining term of any The BWB Rewards Club benefit or ninety (90) days from the date The BWB Rewards Club termination is announced to use any unexpired The BWB Rewards Club benefit. You are responsible for regularly reviewing The BWB Rewards Club Terms, and your continued participation in The BWB Rewards Club after any changes have been made will constitute your consent to such changes, which may be published from time to time on our Site.

12. Miscellaneous
Conflict with Terms and Conditions
In the event of any conflict between The BWB Rewards Club Terms and the Better World Books Terms of Use, The BWB Rewards Club Terms control.
Membership Fees; No Cash Value
There are no membership fees associated with The BWB Rewards Club or Club Points. Club Points accumulated under the program are promotional and have no cash value. Club Points have no purpose or use except in exchange for benefits or privileges offered by us under the program.
Benefits Personal to Participant; No Transfer
Your Club Points, or any other benefits you receive under The BWB Rewards Club, and your account under The BWB Rewards Club, are personal to you and may not be sold, transferred, or assigned to, or shared with, family, friends, or others, or used by you for any commercial purpose. You may have only one The BWB Rewards Club account that is personal to you.
Suspension/Misuse
Should a Club Participant abuse The BWB Rewards Club or violate The BWB Rewards Club Terms, BWB may take action, up to and including suspension of usage of the Club Participant's account. The BWB Rewards Club is for the benefit of individual readers for their own reading pleasure, and it is not intended to benefit the large-order buyer or reseller. To that end, BWB may, at any time and without notice, cancel or suspend indefinitely any The BWB Rewards Club account that it believes, in its sole discretion, is violating any of these Club Terms.
Right to Terminate The BWB Rewards Club Account
We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account and/or your participation in The BWB Rewards Club without notice to you if we determine in our sole discretion that you have violated The BWB Rewards Club Terms or that the use of your account is unauthorized, deceptive, fraudulent, or otherwise unlawful. We may, in our sole discretion, suspend, cancel, or combine accounts that appear to be duplicative. By suspending or deleting your account with The BWB Rewards Club, you will forfeit any unredeemed benefits you have earned, including earned and outstanding rewards and Club Points. If we terminate your account in accordance with this section, we will not be obligated to provide you with The BWB Rewards Club benefits after the termination date. If you re-register an account or create a separate account, you may not transfer your old The BWB Rewards Club participation or benefits to your new registered account. If we terminate your account or participation in The BWB Rewards Club for any reason, all accumulated Club Points in your account are void.

Refer-a-Friend Program Terms
As a Refer-a-Friend member (a "Referrer"), you are subject to the following additional Terms & Conditions for Better World Books Refer-a-Friend Program.

Qualified Referral. A Qualified Referral is defined as a purchase made at www.betterworldbooks.com by a person (a "Referred Customer") who arrives at our website by clicking your Refer-a-Friend Program link. You are limited to one Qualified Referral for each Referred Customer; in other words, additional/repeat purchases made by a Referred Customer are not counted as additional Qualified Referrals.

Referral Rewards. For you to earn referral rewards as a Referrer, the Referred Customer must complete an order for the minimum amount specified on the offer.

Reward Discounts. The maximum Qualified Referrals earned per calendar year may be no more than 25 Qualified Referrals. As a Referrer, you are responsible for any and all tax liability resulting from Referral Rewards.

Eligibility. The Refer-a-Friend Program is only available to natural persons and the following are ineligible to participate: corporations, associations, partnerships, limited liability companies, non-profit organizations, governmental agencies or other business organizations. The Refer-a-Friend Program is also only available to residents of the United States. The Refer-a-Friend Program is for the benefit of individual readers for their own reading pleasure, and it is not intended to benefit the large-order buyer or reseller. Employees (including their immediate families) of Better World Books, or its agents, affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions, parent companies, and advertising and promotion agencies, are not eligible to participate in the Refer-a-Friend Program. "Immediate families" means parents, siblings, spouse, partner or children, regardless of where they reside.

No Spam. You must comply with all up-to-date "SPAM" laws. For example, emails must be created and distributed in a personal manner and bulk email distribution is strongly discouraged. Any distribution of your referral link that could constitute unsolicited commercial email or "spam" under any applicable law or regulation is expressly prohibited and will be grounds for immediate termination of your account and exclusion from Better World Books's Refer-a-Friend Program.

Right to Close Accounts. Better World Books reserves the right to close the account(s) of any Referrer and/or Referred Customer and to request proper payment if the Referrer and/or Referred Customer attempts to use the Better World Books Refer-a-Friend Program in a questionable manner or breaches any of these Terms & Conditions or is in violation of any law, statute or governmental regulation.

Right to Cancel Program or Change Terms. Better World Books reserves the right to cancel the Refer-a-Friend Program or to change these Terms & Conditions at any time in its sole discretion. Any unclaimed referral discounts will be forfeited at that time.

No Employment or Other Relationship

Your participation in the Refer-a-Friend Program does not authorize you to act on Better World Books's behalf. Nothing herein is intended or will be construed to constitute or imply a joint venture, employer-employee relationship, partnership or association between you and Better World Books. By participating in the Refer-a-Friend Program, you acknowledge that you do so at your own risk and as an independent contractor and that Better World Books is not directing how you perform your obligations hereunder. You are solely responsible for making any disclosures required by law, including disclosing the possibility that you may receive a Referral Reward. You will not make guarantees of savings as a result of conducting business with Better World Books, solicit door-to-door either to residents or businesses or represent yourself as a representative of Better World Books. You are solely responsible for the information you share about Better World Books and claims you make concerning Better World Books.

Miscellaneous

Conflict with Terms and Conditions.

In the event of any conflict between these Rules and the Better World Books Terms of Use, these Rules control.

FAQs.

Question: Will you have a minimum purchase amount for a Qualified Referral?

Answer: Yes. Three (3) book minimum, and the offer will be twenty percent (20%) off three or more used books.

Question: Does the Referred Customer have to be a "new" customer—i.e., they've never bought from you before?

Answer: Yes.

Question: Will you restrict Qualified Referrals to purchases completed on your website, or will you accept referrals over the phone or in person?

Answer: Limited to website purchases only.