GENERAL AND SPECIFIC TERMS OF USE FOR RMC BFM GROUP WEBSITES AND ASSOCIATED APPLICATIONS
Last updated: September 25, 2025

INTRODUCTION
The websites (hereinafter the "Sites") and mobile applications (hereinafter the "Applications") of the RMC-BFM group (hereinafter, the "Group"), published by the company NEXTINTERACTIVE, offer each internet user (hereinafter the "User") access to several online services.

The General Terms and Conditions of Use (hereinafter referred to as the "Terms") are intended to define the rules for using the Sites, Applications and services offered by the Group. They define the obligations of the Publisher and the User.

Given the specific nature of certain services offered by the Sites and/or Applications, these General Terms and Conditions of Use (GTC) may be supplemented by Specific Terms of Use (hereinafter referred to as the "STU"). In the event of conflicting provisions between the GTC and the STU, the latter shall prevail.

The General Terms and Conditions of Use (GTC) and the General Terms and Conditions of Use (GTC) taken together (hereinafter the "GTC") together with the law applicable at the time of use constitute the whole of the provisions governing the relationship between the Publisher and the User in the context of the use of the Sites and/or the Applications.

The User accepts these General Terms and Conditions of Use in their entirety, without reservation, before using the Sites and/or Applications. Simply accessing the Sites, using the Applications, and posting comments by the User (hereinafter referred to as "Comments") automatically constitutes acceptance of these Terms of Use.

Due to the products or services they offer, the following Sites have General Terms and Conditions of Sale (hereinafter "GTC") available at the bottom of each page of the Sites concerned: tradingsat.com.

The Publisher reserves the right to modify these General Terms and Conditions of Use (GTCU) at any time and without prior notice. Therefore, Users are advised to regularly consult the latest version of the GTCU.

GENERAL TERMS OF USE FOR RMC-BFM GROUP WEBSITES AND ASSOCIATED APPLICATIONS
1. DEFINITIONS

Within these Terms and Conditions, words or expressions beginning with a capital letter and not defined above shall have the following meanings:

Applications : a downloadable program, either free or paid, developed to be installed on mobile devices and executable from the operating system of a mobile terminal, such as a smartphone or tablet.

Account : the personal space created by the User for the purpose of managing preferences relating to the Services he/she uses or of publishing Reactions relating to content published by the Publisher on the Sites and/or Applications.

Publisher : refers to the company NEXTINTERACTIVE, SAS with a share capital of €199,272.00, whose registered office is located at 2, rue du Général Alain Boissieu, 75015 Paris, registered with the RCS of Paris under number 311 243 794, and represented by the company RMC-BFM, itself represented by its Managing Director, Ms. Claire Léost.

Group : refers to the company RMC-BFM, as well as all the companies over which it exercises control within the meaning of Article L233-3 of the Commercial Code.

Information : all works, information and publications (articles, photos, videos, podcasts, personal contribution spaces, trademarks, etc.) accessible via the Sites and/or Applications.

Partners : third-party companies outside the Group with which one or more companies of the Group maintain contractual relationships, notably for the purpose of transferring data collected from Users.

Reactions : all comments that Users can post on the Sites and/or Applications, particularly in response to articles on the Sites and/or Applications. Posting Reactions requires prior registration by the User on the relevant Site or on the Forum, if applicable.

Service(s) : all online services offered by the Publisher and/or its Partners and which Users can access from the Sites and/or Applications.

Sites : all web pages published by the Publisher, accessible at the addresses bfmtv.com, immo-neuf.lavieimmo.com, tradingsat.com, zone-turf.fr, rmcbfmplay.com, rmcsport.bfmtv.com, rmc.bfmtv.com, rmccrime.bfmtv.com, meteo.bfmtv.com, elections.bfmtv.com, as well as all associated subdomains and directories through which the Services are accessible.

User(s) : any natural person having access to the Sites and/or the Applications, regardless of where they are located and the means of their connection to the Sites and/or the Applications.

2. ACCESS TO AND USE OF SERVICES AND INFORMATION ON THE SITES AND APPLICATIONS
2.1 The equipment and hardware required to access the Sites and/or Applications are the sole responsibility of the User. The User is also responsible for any telecommunication costs incurred in accessing and using the Sites and/or Applications.

2.2 The Publisher grants the User a license to use the Sites and/or Applications and its Services for strictly personal purposes, which is revocable, non-transferable, non-assignable, non-exclusive and free of charge for the Information consulted on the Sites and/or Applications.

In this regard, the User undertakes to comply with the obligations provided for under these Terms and Conditions, in particular in "Article 8. GUARANTEES" of these Terms and Conditions.

2.3 The User is informed that free and open access to the content and services of the Sites and Applications is financed by revenues related to advertising displayed on this space.

He therefore accepts the display of advertising on the Sites and Applications.

3. PERSONAL CONTRIBUTIONS
3.1 Creating an Account

Some Sites offer the User the possibility of creating an Account to benefit from various personalized services, including access to a personal contribution space allowing them to publish their Reactions, manage their subscriptions to the Publisher's newsletters or receive commercial offers.

Posting comments on articles on the Sites and/or Applications requires registration and the creation of an Account by the User via the "Registration" section available on the Sites and/or Applications. By registering, the User expressly and unreservedly acknowledges and accepts these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use therefore constitute a contractual agreement between the User and the Publisher. In case of refusal, the User agrees not to use or access the Sites and/or Applications and their Services.

To register, the User must have reached the age of legal majority, have the legal capacity to enter into a contract, and have accepted these Terms and Conditions without reservation. Registration on behalf of a legal entity is only possible by a legally competent adult with the necessary authority to bind and commit that legal entity.

The User provides the Publisher with the required personal information. By completing the registration form, the User warrants to the Publisher that they have provided accurate, truthful, current, and complete information regarding their identity and contact details. In particular, they agree to provide a valid email address that they own. The Publisher reserves the right to suspend the User's Account for any serious and objective reason. The reason for suspension will only be disclosed upon the User's prior request and at the Publisher's sole discretion.

The User agrees to create only one Account corresponding to their profile.

3.2 Personal Information

The User agrees to regularly update all information concerning them relating to their profile in order to maintain its accuracy. Should the User provide objectively false, inaccurate, outdated, or incomplete data, the Publisher will be entitled to suspend or terminate the User's Account and to deny them future access to all or part of the Applications.

The User agrees to immediately inform the Publisher of any unauthorized use of their Account, and of any breach of confidentiality and security of their means of identification by contacting the Publisher using the form accessible by clicking here.

If the Publisher has legitimate grounds to believe that the security of the Service is breached or that it is being misused due to unauthorized use of the User's identification means, it may proceed to temporarily suspend the Account, in particular to preserve the integrity of the Applications and data, and, if it appears appropriate, require the modification of these identification means.

3.3 Reactions and moderation

After validation of his Account by the Publisher, the User may submit, within the limits recalled in "article 8. GUARANTEES" of these Terms of Use, Reactions to content published on the Sites and/or Applications.

User Comments are moderated after posting by a moderator of the Publisher based on their relevance to the article they comment on, their compliance with laws and regulations, the requirements outlined in "Article 8. WARRANTIES" of these Terms of Use, and more broadly, for any other serious reason. The Publisher reserves the right to remove any Comment that violates these Terms of Use or that could potentially give rise to liability on the part of the Publisher. The Publisher also reserves the right to temporarily or permanently exclude from the Site any person who does not comply with these Terms of Use.

The User is responsible for their use of the Sites and/or Applications, and for any Reactions they post via the Sites and/or Applications, as well as their consequences. Reactions submitted, published, or posted by the User may be viewed by other Users of the Sites and/or Applications. The User should only provide Reactions that they wish to share with others in accordance with these Terms of Use.

3.4 Public nature and indexing of Reactions

All Reactions are public, which means in particular that they may be viewed by Users who have not created an Account, and/or referenced by search engines outside the Group.

3.5 User Deletion of Reactions

The User may request the deletion of their messages using the "Contact" form available at the bottom of each page of the Sites, provided that they indicate sufficient information to identify their Reaction, namely:

The username under which the reaction was published;

The title and URL of the article to which the User reacted;

The date of the reaction;

The content of the Reaction.

3.6 Unsubscribe

The User also remains free to unsubscribe at any time:

Either via the "Contact" form available at the bottom of each page of the Sites

More specifically, on the websites zone-turf.fr and tradingsat.com, from the page "My profile" > "My details" > "Delete my Account".

The Publisher also reserves the right to close, without notice, a User's Account for any objective and justified reason previously notified to the person concerned by any means (email or registered mail), in particular in the event that the User has violated applicable laws, in particular criminal laws, or those aimed at protecting the rights of a third party, or if his conduct has harmed the interests of any person whatsoever, including the Publisher or any company having a legal link with the Publisher, or the use of the Application by another User.

The Publisher reserves the right to deactivate a User's Account after a period of total inactivity of one year or more. In this case, the User may reactivate their Account upon express request to the Publisher. However, the User's Account may be permanently deleted after a period of inactivity of three years.

In the event of the User's death, and upon production of the relevant supporting documents, the Account will be deactivated.

4. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
4.1 All elements comprising the Site, including texts, images, trademarks, logos, domain names and other distinctive signs appearing on the Site, including its structure, are protected by current intellectual property legislation (including copyright and related rights) and belong to entities of the RMC BFM Group, or are subject to authorization for use on the Site.

All rights of reproduction and representation are, in any event, expressly reserved.

4.2 These Terms and Conditions do not entail the transfer of any intellectual property rights to the User in respect of the structure and content of the Site which are accessible exclusively for personal, private and non-commercial use.

For any use of content for purposes other than strictly personal, even partial, the User must first contact the duly authorized Publisher at the address mentioned in the legal notices in order to obtain prior written authorization for this purpose, if necessary, at the Publisher's discretion.

4.3 Any unauthorized use of the Site or its content would engage the User's responsibility and would constitute an infringement punishable under Articles L335-2 et seq. of the Intellectual Property Code or unfair competition or a parasitic act.

5. PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
5.1 The Publisher collects and processes the personal data of Users of the Sites and Applications in accordance with the purposes described in its personal data protection policy accessible via the following link: https://www.bfmtv.com/politique-donnees-personnelles .

The RMC-BFM group acts as data controller within the meaning of European Regulation 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 on the protection of personal data (“GDPR”).

5.2 Certain personalized services offered by the Sites and/or Applications require the User to accept the placement of cookies on their device by the Publisher or by some of its Partners. A cookie is a small text file stored by a web server on the User's device (computer, phone, etc.) and associated with a web domain. This file is automatically sent by the browser during subsequent visits to the same domain. Cookies can have several uses, such as remembering preferences, managing sessions, or tracking browsing for statistical or advertising purposes. They are generally stored locally by the browser in a dedicated space. For more information, the User can consult the "Cookie Policy," accessible directly at: https://www.bfmtv.com/cookies/ .

5.3 In accordance with the GDPR, each User has rights regarding their personal data, including the right to access their data, request its rectification, erasure, restriction of processing, the right to object to the processing of their data, and the right to data portability. Each User may also provide instructions regarding the use of their data after their death, in accordance with the provisions of Article 85 of Law 78-17 of 6 January 1978. Each User may exercise their rights at any time by contacting the Publisher using the form accessible by clicking here.

Users have the right to contact the CNIL (Commission Nationale de l'Informatique et des Libertés), the French data protection authority. We encourage you to contact us before filing any complaint with the CNIL.

6. AVAILABILITY OF SITES AND APPLICATIONS
6.1 The Publisher undertakes to make its best efforts to secure access to, consultation of, and use of the Information and/or Services of the Sites and Applications. These are accessible 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, except in cases of force majeure or the occurrence of an event beyond the Publisher's control, and subject to any outages and maintenance interventions necessary for the proper functioning of the Sites and Applications. Maintenance interventions may be carried out without prior notice to Users.

6.2 The User declares that they accept the characteristics and limitations of the Internet and mobile Internet and the operating systems of the Sites and/or Applications, and in particular acknowledges that:

His use of the Sites and/or Applications is at his own risk;

The Sites and/or Applications are accessible to him "as is" and according to their availability;

The protection of his own data and/or software is his responsibility and he must take all appropriate measures to protect them from any viruses circulating on the Sites and/or the Application, the Information or the services;

The technical performance of Mobile Internet requires processing time to respond to, consult, query, or transfer information.

7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
7.1 The Publisher makes every effort to provide honest, reliable, and independent information, promoting pluralism and prohibiting any biased presentation of facts. However, the Publisher cannot guarantee the absolute accuracy and completeness of all information and other data on the Sites and/or Applications, whether provided by the Publisher itself or by its partners, as this information is subject to current events and regular updates.

7.2 The publisher is only responsible for the information on the websites and applications; this is not the case, in particular, for user reactions. Consequently, the publisher's liability is limited to the limited liability regime provided for in Article 93-3 of the Law of 29 July 1982 in its current version.

The publisher only verifies the accuracy of user-submitted content after posting and disclaims all liability for any inaccuracies, inadequacies, or illegality of said information. In the event of a user's breach of one or more of these rules, the publisher reserves the right to remove the offending reaction, comment, or content without prior notice and without prejudice to any legal action that may be taken against the user.

THE PUBLISHER HAS NO GENERAL OBLIGATION TO MONITOR USER-PROVIDED DATA AND CONTENT, NOR AN OBLIGATION TO REMOVE CONTENT THAT DOES NOT APPEAR TO BE MANIFESTLY ILLICIT, NOTWITHSTANDING ITS REPORTING.

The publisher shall also not be held liable in the event of interruption of access to the sites and/or applications due to maintenance, updates or technical improvements, or to evolve their content and/or presentation, provided that such interruptions are announced and do not exceed standard practice. Furthermore, the publisher may temporarily or permanently interrupt access to the sites or applications and any related services, particularly in the event of its cessation of the activity in question, or in the event of judicial or amicable liquidation of the company; In these latter cases, these Terms and Conditions are automatically terminated. The publisher cannot be held responsible for the presence of viruses on the websites and/or applications.

The publisher shall under no circumstances be held liable for any consequences that may arise during, or following, meetings or contacts between multiple internet users, as a result of using the websites and/or applications and their services. In all cases required by law, administrative or judicial authority (such as cases of legal requisition), the publisher shall not be held liable if it discloses the user's personal data to the relevant authority.

THE PUBLISHER IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONTENT OF ANY THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES TO WHICH HYPERLINKS ON THE SITES AND APPLICATIONS REFER.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND TO THE EXTENT THAT THE PUBLISHER IS FOUND LIABLE FOR DAMAGES NOT FORESEEN ABOVE, THE PUBLISHER'S LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO DIRECT, CERTAIN, ACTUAL AND PROVEN DAMAGES.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PUBLISHER OR ITS PARTNERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOSS OF DATA OR LOSS OF BUSINESS CAUSED BY THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITES AND/OR APPLICATIONS, THE SERVICE OR THE CONTENT, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT OR TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY AND WHETHER OR NOT THE PUBLISHER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

7.3 The User is solely responsible for updating successive versions or sub-versions of the Applications. The Publisher cannot be held liable in this respect.

8. GUARANTEES
8.1 Guarantees relating to the integrity of the Sites and Applications

Each User expressly agrees to:

To refrain from using software or devices that may disrupt the proper functioning of the Site, and to ensure that the computer configuration he uses is free of such software or devices;

Not to undertake any action that would impose a disproportionate burden on the Publisher's infrastructure.

8.2 Guarantees relating to the use of the Services and Information of the Sites and Applications

Each User expressly agrees to:

Do not use any software or processes intended to copy Information from the Sites and/or Applications without the express prior authorization of the Publisher;

Do not alter, modify, or create derivative works from the Information on the Sites and/or Applications without the express prior consent of the Publisher;

Only short quotations, analyses and reproductions intended for press reviews or other expressly authorized uses may be made within the limits and conditions set by applicable law, and subject in particular to citing the name of the authors and the source;

Do not extract or reuse, including for private purposes, without prior written authorization from the Publisher, any substantial or non-substantial part of the content of the databases and archives created by the Sites and/or the Applications;

Not to collect information on third parties, including email addresses, on the Sites and/or Applications in order to use them for sending commercial solicitations or equivalent, or to integrate them into a referencing service or equivalent, free or paid, or to carry out competitive intelligence;

Do not implement systems that are likely or capable of carrying out, in whole or in part, a counterfeit or an act of unfair competition of the Sites and/or Applications or that are likely to violate these Terms of Use, including through the use of hyperlinks or so-called framing techniques;

To inform the Publisher as soon as one becomes aware of any infringement whatsoever (in particular of the Publisher's intellectual property rights), in particular of any unlawful or non-contractual use of the Information from the Sites and/or Applications, regardless of the method of dissemination used.

The prior authorizations of the Publisher mentioned above in this article may be requested by contacting the Publisher concerned at the address indicated in "Article 1. DEFINITIONS" of these Terms and Conditions.

8.3 Guarantees Relating to Responses

The User guarantees to the Publisher the free and full enjoyment of their Responses, against any disturbances, claims, or evictions whatsoever. In particular, the User guarantees that no dispute or legal action is pending or about to be initiated concerning the Responses that involve copyright infringement.

Where applicable, the User agrees to comply with applicable copyright legislation, in particular by clearly identifying the source and author if their Reaction borrows from a pre-existing work.

Furthermore, Reactions must not:

To be fraudulent and/or likely to involve rigged, stolen and/or confidential elements;

Infringing on the rights of third parties (right to image, etc.);

Infringing on intellectual property rights;

To infringe upon the rules relating to freedom of the press (defamation, insult, etc.);

To be discriminatory in nature or likely to incite violence or hatred, for reasons of ethnic origin, politics, sexual orientation, etc.;

Contain obscene, pornographic, etc. content;

To compromise the integrity and/or security of the Sites and/or Applications and in particular to contain viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots or any other computer program intended to damage, to clandestinely intercept any computer system, data or personal information;

The Publisher or its partners may be liable for providing hyperlinks to sites or content that are illegal, counterfeit, or more broadly, to content that may violate applicable laws or regulations, or to sites with restricted access without the authorization of the rights holders of the content.

The User acknowledges being personally liable, both to third parties and to the Publisher, in the event of a breach of this clause. Consequently, the User undertakes to indemnify the Publisher against all financial consequences of such a breach resulting from any claim or proceeding, whether initiated by a third party or by the Publisher, and to pay to third parties any judgments and/or damages of any kind whatsoever awarded against the Publisher in this respect, as well as all costs (including those under Article 700 of the French Code of Civil Procedure or equivalent on appeal or in cassation proceedings) and any fees incurred by the Publisher in this respect.

9. CONTACT AND REPORTING OF ILLEGAL CONTENT
9.1 Notwithstanding the provisions of "Article 3.5 Deletion of Reactions by the User" of these Terms of Use, any User of the Sites, Applications and/or their Services may contact the Publisher using the "Contact" form available at the bottom of each page of the Sites.

9.2 The User can report any illegal content published on the Group's Sites and Applications using the "Contact" form available at the bottom of each page of the Sites concerned;

- Either through the following addresses:

The pages linked to the domain tradingsat.com as well as the associated Application: contact@tradingsat.com;

Pages related to the domain zone-turf.fr: contact@zone-turf.fr.

10. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS
10.1 If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is declared invalid or unenforceable under any law, regulation or final court decision, it shall be deemed unwritten and the other provisions shall remain in force.

10.2 The contractual relationship between the Publisher and the User is governed by the provisions of these Terms and Conditions.

However, when the CGU refers to the CSU, the latter take precedence over the CGU.

10.3. The Publisher reserves the right to extend the rights and guarantees set forth herein to any third party of its choosing. Consequently, the third party designated by the Publisher may enforce all of the User's obligations to the same extent as the Publisher.

11. APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION
11.1 These Terms and Conditions are governed in all respects by French law. Only the French version shall be considered authentic.

11.2 The Parties agree to make every effort to resolve amicably any dispute that may arise from the interpretation, performance and/or termination of these Terms and Conditions. Failing this, the dispute shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts.

SPECIFIC TERMS OF USE FOR RMC BFM GROUP WEBSITES AND ASSOCIATED APPLICATIONS
1. RMC APPLICATION - "DIRECT STUDIO" FORM
1.1 RMC Application Users can react to current events via a dedicated form within the Application. In this case, their messages are forwarded to the RMC editorial team, who may then contact the User.

The use of personal data in this context is detailed in the personal data protection policy accessible via the following link: https://www.bfmtv.com/politique-donnees-personnelles/ .

2. FORUMS “TRADINGSAT” AND “ZONE-TURF”
Without prejudice to the General Terms and Conditions, and particularly their articles 3.3, 8 and 9, the following rules apply to the “Tradingsat” and “Zone-Turf” Forums.

2.1 The "Forum" section of the Tradingsat and Zone-Turf websites (hereinafter the "Forum") is accessible free of charge to all Users, subject to their registration on the Forum. Registration requires the User to provide a username, a password, their title, last name, first name, email address, postal code, country, and date of birth.

This registration allows other Users to recognize the various Reactions of the authors, thus personalizing the discussions without revealing their real identity.

The choice of usernames and any avatar must not be contrary to public order and morality, nor must they be offensive, defamatory, racist, anti-Semitic, xenophobic, revisionist, or otherwise damaging to the honor, reputation, integrity, or sensibilities of others. Any forum user may be asked to change their username or avatar.

2.2 Every author of a contribution published on the Forum remains the owner of their message and the intellectual property rights attached to it.

The content posted on the Forum is published under the sole responsibility of its authors. As such, authors of messages must comply with applicable laws and regulations and respect the rights of others. In particular, no message that is contrary to public order or morality, violent, abusive or vulgar, shocking, defamatory, racist, revisionist, glorifying war crimes or pedophilia, inciting murder or suicide, inciting discrimination or hatred, infringing on copyright or related rights (e.g., press articles, messages from third parties), the law applicable to databases, trademark law, image rights, the right to privacy, or whose content reproduces a work protected by intellectual property without authorization, may be published on the Forum.

No commercial, advertising or promotional messages should be posted on the Forum.

The Publisher reserves the right to immediately delete, without prior notice, any messages that do not comply with the CGSU rules.

Users are solely responsible for deciding whether or not to publish personal information about themselves, including their name, postal address, personal or professional email address, and telephone number. The Publisher cannot be held liable under any circumstances for the disclosure of personal information by Users on their own initiative, nor for any consequences whatsoever that may arise therefrom.

2.3 Moderation

The Forum is moderated after posting, meaning that messages are only read by moderators after they have been published. Therefore, authors are expressly requested to strictly adhere to the provisions mentioned in section 2.2 of these Terms of Service.

The Forum moderators ensure that the messages posted are relevant to the topic of discussion in the Forum, comply with the CGSU and applicable laws and regulations, and allow for constructive discussion.

The Forum moderators reserve the right to move certain messages, to delete the publication of redundant messages, messages that are not related to the topic of discussion or the editorial line of the Tradingsat and Zone-Turf Sites, or messages that are contrary to the CGSU or that violate any other applicable legislative or regulatory provision.

All published messages remain the responsibility of their author, and the Publisher reserves the right to prosecute any author of a message or contribution that does not comply with applicable laws or regulations.

Anyone can contact the moderator by email at contact@tradingsat.com for the Tradingsat Site and at contact@zone-turf.fr for the Zone-Turf Site.

Authors of messages published on the Forum can request the deletion of their own messages at any time by sending an email to contact@tradingsat.com for the Tradingsat Site and to contact@zone-turf.fr for the Zone-Turf Site, taking care to indicate the following elements: title and date of publication of the message, nickname used and URL.

3. TRADINGSAT
The information and other data appearing on the TradingSat Site are provided for informational purposes only and should not be considered as advice or specific decision-making support for making investments or transactions.

Although this information comes from sources considered reliable, it may contain inaccuracies, errors, or omissions. Therefore, the User acknowledges that they use this information and data at their own risk and under their sole and entire responsibility.

The Publisher disclaims all liability for the reliability and use of the information and data appearing on the TradingSat website. The Publisher shall not be held liable for any consequences or damages, direct or indirect, that may arise from the use of the information and data on the TradingSat website.

SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE OF THE RMC BFM PLAY SERVICE
Updated on September 25, 2025

INTRODUCTION
These Specific Terms of Use govern the relationship between the Service Provider and Users in connection with the use of the Service and are intended to define the rules for Users' use of the Service. They apply in addition to the GENERAL AND SPECIFIC TERMS OF USE OF THE RMC-BFM GROUP WEBSITES AND ASSOCIATED APPLICATIONS.

The User accepts these Terms of Use in their entirety, without reservation, before using the Service. Simply accessing and using the Service automatically implies the User's acceptance of these Terms of Use.

The Publisher reserves the right to modify these Terms of Use at any time and without prior notice. Therefore, Users are advised to regularly consult the latest available version of the Terms of Use.

1. DEFINITIONS
Within these Terms of Use, words or expressions beginning with a capital letter and not defined above shall have the following meanings:

“CPU or Specific Terms of Use”: refers to all the terms in this document, which defines the terms and rules for accessing and using the Services.

"User Account": the personal space created by the User on our Service, accessible once your registration is validated. Simply enter your username (email address) and your confidential password to log in to your account.

“Content” means all works (including editorial content and, in particular, without limitation, videos, texts, sections, drawings, illustrations, images, sounds…), the Player enabling the reading of the works, trademarks, logos and names present on the Service, the structure of the Service as well as any element composing the Service.

“Publisher”: refers to the Group company publishing the Service, namely NEXTINTERACTIVE, SAS with a share capital of €199,272.00, whose registered office is located at 2, rue du Général Alain Boissieu, 75015 Paris, registered with the Paris Trade and Companies Register under number 311 243 794, and represented by RMC-BFM, itself represented by its Managing Director, Ms. Claire Léost.

“RMC BFM PLAY Service”: refers to the RMC BFM Play platform accessible from the website and/or the Applications as well as the services offered by the Partners, where applicable, accessible from the website and/or the Applications.

“User”: any natural person having access to the Service, regardless of where they are located and the method of their connection to the RMC BFM PLAY Service.

2. ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICE
2.1 Description of the RMC BFM PLAY Service

The RMC BFM PLAY platform is a free service that allows Users to view various content and programs.

2.2 Creating an Account

Access to certain parts of the RMC BFM PLAY Service is conditional upon the prior creation of an Account.

The creation of an Account must comply with the terms and conditions described in these Terms of Use.

These Terms of Use therefore constitute a contractual agreement between the User and the Publisher. If the User does not agree to these Terms of Use, they agree not to use or access the Service.

To register, the User must have the legal capacity to enter into a contract and have accepted these Terms of Use without reservation. Registration on behalf of a legal entity is only possible through a legally competent adult with the necessary authority to bind and commit that legal entity.

The User provides the Publisher with the required personal information.

By completing the registration form, the User warrants to the Publisher that they have provided accurate, truthful, current, and complete information regarding their identity and contact details. In particular, they agree to provide a valid email address that they own. The Publisher reserves the right to suspend the User's Account for any serious and objective reason. The reason for suspension will only be disclosed upon the User's prior request and at the Publisher's sole discretion.

The User agrees to create only one Account corresponding to their profile.

2.3 Data communication:

The User's personal data is collected, where applicable, and processed in accordance with the Publisher's personal data protection policy accessible via the following link: https://www.bfmtv.com/politique-donnees-personnelles .

The User agrees to regularly update all information concerning them relating to their profile in order to maintain its accuracy. Should the User provide objectively false, inaccurate, outdated, or incomplete data, the Publisher will be entitled to suspend or terminate the User's Account and deny them future access to all or part of the Service.

The User is solely responsible for any use that may be made of their login credentials (namely their email address and password), and is solely responsible for maintaining their confidentiality, as well as for any use of their Account. The User agrees to immediately inform the Publisher of any unauthorized use of their Account, and of any breach of confidentiality and security of their login credentials, via the email address contact@rmcbfmplay.com.

2.4 Account Suspension/Deletion:

If the Publisher has legitimate grounds to believe that the security of the Service is breached or that it is being misused due to unauthorized use of the User's identification means, it may proceed to temporarily suspend the Account, in particular to preserve the integrity of the Service and data, and, if it appears appropriate, require the modification of these identification means.

The Publisher also reserves the right to close, without notice, a User's Account for any objective and justified reason previously notified to the person concerned by any means (email or registered mail), in particular in the event that the User has violated applicable laws, in particular criminal laws, or those aimed at protecting the rights of a third party, or if his conduct has harmed the interests of any person whatsoever, including the Publisher or any company having a legal link with the Publisher, or the use of the Service by another User.

The Publisher reserves the right to deactivate a User's Account after a period of total inactivity of one year or more. In this case, the User may reactivate their Account upon express request to the Publisher. However, the User's Account may be permanently deleted after a period of inactivity of three years.

2.5 Unsubscribe:

The User also remains free to unsubscribe at any time via a request made using the "Contact" form available at the bottom of each page of the RMC BFM Play website.

In the event of the User's death, and upon production of the relevant supporting documents, the Account will be deactivated.

3. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The Content is protected by intellectual property rights (including copyright and related rights) which the Publisher owns exclusively or which the Publisher is authorized to use for exploitation on the Service.

All rights of reproduction and representation are, in any event, expressly reserved.

4.2 These Terms and Conditions do not entail the transfer of any intellectual property rights to the User over the Content which is accessible exclusively for personal, private and non-commercial use.

For any use of Content for purposes other than strictly personal use, even partial, the User must first contact the duly authorized Publisher at the address mentioned in the legal notices in order to obtain prior written authorization for this purpose, if necessary, at the Publisher's discretion.

4.3 Any unauthorized use of the Service or its Content would engage the User's responsibility and would constitute an infringement punishable under Articles L335-2 et seq. of the Intellectual Property Code or unfair competition or a parasitic act.

4. RESPONSIBILITY
The Publisher makes every effort to provide honest, reliable, and independent information, promoting pluralism and prohibiting any biased presentation of facts. However, the Publisher cannot guarantee the absolute accuracy and completeness of all Content and other data on the Service, whether provided by the Publisher itself or by its partners, as this Content is subject to current events and regular updates.

THE PUBLISHER CANNOT BE HELD LIABLE:

In the event of malfunction or interruption of access to the Service due to maintenance operations, updates or technical improvements or to develop the Content and/or its presentation, provided that these interruptions are reported;

In the event of a temporary or permanent interruption, in the event of cessation by him of the activity in question, or in the event of judicial or amicable liquidation of the company;

In the event of a delay, malfunction or interruption of the Service resulting from a case of force majeure as defined by Article 1218 of the Civil Code and French case law;

In case of use not in accordance with these CPUs;

In the event of the presence of a virus on the Service and/or the Content, or of the disappearance, loss, or deterioration likely to impair computer equipment resulting from a fault on the part of the User;

Audio and/or video cuts made in the Content for editorial and/or regulatory reasons;

THE PUBLISHER IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONTENT OF ANY THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES TO WHICH HYPERLINKS ON THE SERVICE REFER.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND TO THE EXTENT THAT THE PUBLISHER IS FOUND LIABLE FOR DAMAGES NOT FORESEEN ABOVE, THE PUBLISHER'S LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO DIRECT, CERTAIN, ACTUAL AND PROVEN DAMAGES.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PUBLISHER OR ITS PARTNERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOSS OF DATA OR LOSS OF BUSINESS CAUSED BY THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SERVICE, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE PUBLISHER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.