Terms of Service - BIGCASH
Terms of Service
This Terms of Use Agreement sets forth the standards of use of Bigcash Online Services (the “Service”). By using Bigcash (the “Site”) you (the “Member”) agree to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this agreement, you should immediately cease all usage of this Site. We reserve the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update the terms and conditions of this agreement without prior notice. Modifications shall become effective immediately upon being posted at Bigcash Site. Your continued use of the Service after amendments are posted constitutes an acknowledgement and acceptance of the Agreement and its modifications. Except as provided in this paragraph, this Agreement may not be amended.
BASIC INFORMATION:
Bigcash is providing Member with the Service via the Site and Mobile Application. Member must provide (1) all equipment necessary for their own Internet connection, including computer and modem and (2) provide for Member’s access to the Internet, and (3) pay any fees relate with such connection.
By using the Site and Mobile Application, you agree to only use the Service that are publicly accessible or to which you are properly enrolled or subscribed. Additional Services may be made available from time to time, with respect to which additional terms and conditions may be imposed by Bigcash via a separate click through or signed agreement.
Your right to use the Site, Service, and Mobile Application is limited in scope, revocable, personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive. Provided that you comply at all times with these Terms of Use and any separate agreement between you and Bigcash and subject to the limitations set forth herein, you are authorized to access the Site and, to the extent you are eligible or otherwise subscribe, the Service. You are responsible for obtaining any equipment and Internet service necessary to access the Site and Service.
Except as expressly set forth in these Terms of Use or other written agreement between you and Bigcash, no license or other right in or to the Site or Service are granted to you, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, and all such licenses and rights are hereby reserved.
USER CONDUCT:
You may not use the Site or Service to:
1) Acquire any rewards or item of value through the use of VPN,botnets, hack tools or automated means or through deception or misrepresentation in any respect.
2) Create more than one account to earn coins or device/account farming. Such practise will lead to ban of your account.
3) Post or transmit any information, data, text, images, files, links, software, chat, communication or other content that is, or which Bigcash considers in its sole discretion to be, unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, offensive, obscene, pornographic, hateful or threatening to any group defined by race, religion, gender, national origin or sexual orientation, or otherwise objectionable, including without limitation blatant expressions of bigotry, prejudice, racism, hatred or excessive profanity or post any obscene, lewd, lascivious, excessively violent, harassing or otherwise objectionable content.
4) Sell or promote any products or services.
5) Introduce viruses, worms, Trojan horses and/or harmful code on the Internet.
6) Display material that exploits children under 18 years of age.
7) Post any material or otherwise infringe in any way or violate any copyright, patent, trademark, service mark, trade name, trade secret or other intellectual property right of any third party.
8) Promote, solicit or participate in multi-level marketing or pyramid schemes.
9) Harass, embarrass or cause distress or discomfort upon another participant, user or other individual or entity.
10) Impersonate any other person, including but not limited to, a customer, supplier, Bigcash, or any persons associated with Bigcash
11) Publish or disclose any personally identifying information or private information about children or any third parties without their consent (or their parent’s consent in case of a child under 18 years of age).
12) Publish or transmit any unsolicited advertising, promotional materials, or any other forms of solicitation.
13) Intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or foreign law, including but not limited to any regulations having the force of law while using or accessing the Site or in connection with your use of the Service, in any manner.
14) Invade the privacy or violate any personal or proprietary right (including intellectual property rights) of any person or entity.
15) You shall not: (a) modify, adapt or create derivative works based on the Site, the Service available from Bigcash. or the Site’s content; (b) “frame” or “mirror” any content or create Internet “links” to or from the site; or (c) disassemble, reverse engineer, or decompile the Service provided via this Site or its content, or access the Site or its content in order to build a competitive product or service, build a product or service using similar ideas, features, functions or graphics, or copy any ideas, features, functions or graphics.
16) Accounts may be subject to reward reversal, adjustment, or restriction if advertisers report non-genuine engagement behavior, including but not limited to:
- Starting multiple games without meaningful progression
- Completing only early-stage events without advancing to deeper milestones (e.g., 20+ day equivalent progress)
- Repeatedly abandoning offers after qualifying for initial rewards
- Advertiser validation decisions are final where third-party tracking confirms non-compliant behavior.
17) Accounts may be subject to reversal or restriction if cashback or bonus promotions are exploited in a manner inconsistent with genuine gameplay, including:
- Repeatedly claiming cashback events without continued engagement
- Making qualifying purchases solely to trigger bonuses without sustained play (20+ days progression expected)
- BigCash reserves the right to revoke promotional rewards obtained through abusive patterns.
18) Daily streak rewards require meaningful activity:
- Simply opening the app without completing qualifying events or tasks does not count toward streak maintenance.
- Streak bonuses may be paused, reset, or revoked if engagement criteria are not met.
19)Minimum cashout thresholds may be adjusted based on account behavior, including purchase history, engagement depth, and advertiser quality metrics. Threshold adjustments are applied to protect platform advertiser ROI.
Any special rules for the use of certain content accessible through Services available through this Site may be included elsewhere within the site and are incorporated into these Terms of Use by reference.
USER TERMINATION:
Bigcash reserves the right, without prior notice and in its sole discretion, to decide whether any Member violates these terms and conditions for any of the above reasons or for any other reason, and if so, to remove offending content and/or terminate your access to the Site and/or the Service.
Bigcash has the right to terminate the usage of the resource without previous notification for Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy violation or any criminal, fraudulent and unauthorized activity. We can terminate your access to the resource any time without the need to explain the reason. Your account will be deleted due to the above mentioned reasons.
The site is provided by Bigcash on an “as is” and on an “as available” basis. All content and features of the site and Service are subject to change or termination without notice in the sole discretion of Bigcash
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Bigcash makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, regarding the use or the results of this web site in terms of its correctness, accuracy, reliability, completeness or otherwise. Bigcash shall have no liability for any interruptions in the use of this Site, or for failing to correct defects, or for viruses or other harmful components spread by or through the site. Bigcash disclaims all warranties with regard to the information provided, including the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties; therefore the above-referenced exclusion is inapplicable.
LIABILITY LIMITATIONS:
Bigcash and its representatives have liability limitations as for the site and application content, communication and conduct. We bear no responsibility for the following situations: a) incorrect or inaccurate data appeared on the site as well as the any programming or equipment errors which can influence the site work; b) errors and failures of software and hardware, internet traffic or phone lines connection; c) third party unauthorized intervention into the site working process; d) human or technical errors in account credits operations and administrations; e) damage or loss to humans or property caused directly or indirectly by the usage or misuse of the site or application.
USAGE LIMITATIONS:
Bigcash can be used only by individuals older than 13 years old. We do not provide any data to the individuals under 13 as well as collect any data from them. You can provide us with the evidences that a person under 13 uses our app or site, and we will immediately delete certain account from our system and all personal data received from the user.
GUARANTEES:
All users should use Bigcash as it is with no guarantees implied or expressed. Your usage of the site resources is to be performed at your own risk and discretion. Any damage or loss made to your smartphone or data while using the site or application are to your solely responsibility.
COOPERATION:
Bigcash is not sponsored by any other non/for-profit organization including PayPal, Gift Cards presented and social media (Instagram, Facebook, Twitter) & Google.
AMENDMENTS:
Bigcash has the right to change, correct or make addition to the following conditions at any time. All modified, new and additional terms will be placed in the agreement for public access. Your continued usage of the site and application means confirmed agreement to follow updated standards. If you have any questions or comments regarding the above mentioned, contact us using at bigcash.help@outlook.com
Goto Bigcash Homepage