BIG W Online, App and BIG W Market Terms & Conditions
1. General
1.1    Thank you for shopping with us. Please read these terms and conditions before accessing or using the Site. The Site is provided by Woolworths Group Limited (ABN 88 000 014 675) trading as BIG W (“BIG W”, “us” or “we”) where you can browse, select and purchase products sold by BIG W or BIG W Market Sellers (“Products”).
The Site includes:

        a. www.bigw.com.au; and 

        b. BIG W’s Mobile Application (“the App”). 

1.2     Your access to and use of the Site, including your Orders and purchases of Products through the Site, is governed by these terms and conditions and our Privacy Policy.

2. Compliance
2.1    By using the Site to browse, select and purchase Products, you agree with us to be bound by, and comply with, these terms and conditions.

2.2    You agree to comply with all relevant laws relating to your use of the Site and your placement of any Order through the Site.

2.3    You agree not to use any data listed on the site for commercial purposes e.g. through price or information scraping.

2.4     You agree not to use the Site for any purpose that is fraudulent, unlawful or otherwise prohibited by these terms and conditions. You may access the Site for your own personal use but otherwise neither the Site, nor any material on it, may be altered, modified, reproduced, transmitted or distributed without our prior written consent.

2.5    While using this Site, you may not:

a. breach any laws, infringe a third party’s rights or act contrary to any relevant standards or codes or make any fraudulent enquiries, purchases or requests;

b. use the Site in a manner or way, or post to or transmit to or via the Site any material which interferes with other users or other customers or defames, harasses, threatens, menaces or offends any person or which prevents any other person from using or enjoying the Site, or post any spam, unsolicited or bulk electronic communications;

c. use another person’s details without their permission or impersonate another person;

d. post or transmit any obscene, indecent, inflammatory or pornographic material or any other material that may give rise to civil or criminal proceedings;

e. tamper with or hinder the operation of the Site;

f. knowingly transmit any viruses, worms, defects, trojan horses or similar disabling or malicious code to the Site;

g. use any robot, spider, site search and retrieval application or other mechanism to retrieve or index any portion of the Site;

h. modify, adapt, translate or reverse engineer any portion of the Site;

i. remove any copyright, trade mark or other proprietary rights notices contained in or on the Site;

j. create accounts by automated means or under false or fraudulent pretences;

k. violate the security of any computer or other network or engage in illegal conduct;

l. take any action that imposes or that would, in our reasonable opinion, result in an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;

m. use the Site other than in accordance with these terms and conditions;

n. use the Site if you are not able to form legally binding contracts, are under the age of 18 or are suspended from using the Site;

o. fail to pay for Products ordered using your login;

p. transfer your login to another party without our consent;

q. harvest or otherwise collect information about other customers, including email addresses, without their consent; or

r. attempt any of the above acts or engage or permit another person to do any of the above acts.

3. Your Account
3.1    You must be 18 years or older to purchase Products through the Site. We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts and/or remove or edit content if we, acting reasonably, deem that you are acting in breach of these terms and conditions or are using the Site in a fraudulent or improper manner. We also reserve the right to otherwise cancel Orders in accordance with clause 9.1.

3.2    You:

a. must ensure that only authorised users have access to your computer and ensure that your login and password that is used to access the Site and the details of your account are kept in a safe and secure manner;

b. must notify us through Customer Service on 1300 244 999 during Contact Hours if you are or become aware that there is or has been an unauthorised use of your login and password or account, or any other security breach relating to your account;

c. must promptly advise us of any changes to your information provided to us as part of the customer registration process

d. must provide us with your date of birth where a relevant law requires us to obtain or verify your date of birth before we agree to supply that Product to you;

e. are responsible and liable for any person that uses your login and password to Order Product(s) through the Site;

f. agree that we may charge you for all Products that have been ordered using your login and password through the Site; and

g. acknowledge that you will check the labels on the Products before consumption or use.

4. Placing an Order
4.1    You may purchase Products by selecting and submitting your Order through the Site in accordance with these terms and conditions. To enable us to keep our prices as low as possible, certain Products (particularly bulky products) that are available to be ordered from the Site will be delivered to you directly by one of our Fulfilment Partners. If a Product will be shipped by one of our Fulfilment Partners, this will be indicated on the product description page. BIG W Market products will be shipped by each BIG W Market Seller's own fulfilment centre and delivery provider.

4.2    Any Order placed through this Site for a Product is an offer by you to purchase the particular Product for the price notified (including delivery and other charges, fees and taxes) at the time you place the Order, on the terms and conditions set out in these BIG W Online Terms and Conditions.

4.3    We may ask you to provide additional details or require you to confirm your details to enable us to process any Orders placed through the Site.

4.4    You agree to provide us with current, complete and accurate details in response to requests by us, to you, for information.

5. Acceptance or rejection of an Order
5.1    In certain circumstances, your Order may be rejected, such as where the requested Product is not available or if there is an error in the price or the product description posted on the Site.

5.2    Each Order placed for Products through the Site that we accept results in a separate binding agreement between you and us for the supply of those Products. For each Order accepted by us, we will:

a.  supply the Products in that Order to you in accordance with these terms and conditions (either directly or via our Fulfilment Partners or via a BIG W Market Seller's own fulfilment centre and delivery provider); and

b.  send you an email confirmation of that Order – though with the nature of the internet we cannot guarantee receipt. Please add mail@bigw.com.au to your contact address book to ensure emails are not sent to SPAM or blocked by your fire wall

5.3    If we reject an Order for Products placed through the Site, we will endeavour (either directly or via our Fulfilment Partner or via a BIG W Market Seller's own fulfilment centre and delivery provider) to notify you of that rejection at the time you place the Order or within a reasonable time after you submit your Order.

5.4    You may not purchase any Products through this Site for the purpose of resale. In the interests of all our customers, we may refuse to supply if multiple Orders are placed for large quantities of the same Product for the same billing or shipping address.

5.5     BIG W Market Orders accepted by a BIG W Market Seller creates a separate binding agreement between the customer and the BIG W Market Seller for the supply of the BIG W Market Product, and BIG W is not a party to that agreement nor do we assume any responsibility arising out of it. The BIG W Market Seller is responsible for the quality and pricing of the BIG W Market Products, the sale of the BIG W Market Products, the delivery of the BIG W Market Products including selecting and arranging a delivery service provider, the information that they list on the product description page for the BIG W Market Product and for providing remedies in respect of any claims or issues arising in connection with the agreement between the customer and the BIG W Market Seller. The BIG W Market Seller may accept or reject the customer's Order for any reason, including if the requested Product is not available or if there is an error in the price or the product description. In the case of rejection, BIG W will endeavour to notify the customer within a reasonable time after they submit the Order.

6. Restricted Products
6.1    You:

a. subject to certain limited exceptions specified by law, acknowledge that it is against the law to sell or supply a Restricted Film or a Restricted Game to, or obtain a Restricted Film or a Restricted Game on behalf of, a person:

i. under the age of 15 years (for a Restricted Film or a Restricted Game that is classified MA 15+); or

ii. under the age of 18 years (for a Restricted Film or a Restricted Game that is classified as R 18+);

b. warrant that you are not obtaining a Restricted Film or a Restricted Game on behalf of a person that is not of the appropriate legal age referred to in (a) above, unless you are permitted to do so by law; and

c. may be required to provide proof of age upon delivery or collection of restricted items.

6.2    You:

a. acknowledge that it is against the law to sell or supply alcohol to a person under the age of 18 years;

b. Understand that a hamper containing alcohol cannot be delivered to a person who is under the age of 18 years or unable to prove they are over 18 years, see 7.8.

6.3    You must not use the Site to purchase a pre-paid service if:

a. you are purchasing the service on behalf of a corporation, business or other organisation; or

b. you are an individual and you will have five or more pre paid services as a result of this transaction.

If you fall into either of these categories, we are able to sell you a prepaid service in person at a BIG W store near you. You will have to meet additional identification requirements.

6.4    Personalised Products

If you place an Order for Personalised Products, the Personalised Product will be produced exactly as you have stated including treatment of upper and lower cases.

We ask that you take care when placing an Order of Personalised Products. Any error in personalisation details that you provide is your responsibility and the Personalised Product cannot be returned for replacement or refund and the BIG W Returns Policies do not apply to Personalised Products unless the Personalised Product is faulty.

7. Delivery of Products
7.1    We will only deliver Products ordered through the Site to a location where we or our Fulfilment Partners or a BIG W Market Seller's delivery provider, provide delivery services. We or the relevant carrier may need to contact you to arrange a delivery date for certain products. We only deliver to addresses in Australia.

7.2    You may receive multiple deliveries for your Order, particularly if the products you have ordered are not in stock at your nearest store or are being shipped by our Fulfilment Partners or a BIG W Market Seller's delivery provider from a different location. This may mean that the Products you order may arrive at different times.

7.3    You may obtain further information on the Site about our delivery timeframes and how we deliver certain Products, including at BIG W Delivery Charges and Information (“Delivery Information”). The Delivery Information is expressly incorporated in these terms and conditions. The Delivery Fee for your Order depends on the type of Product you Order, (particularly the size and weight), your location. Separate Delivery Fees may apply for products sold by a BIG W Market Seller.

7.4    We will do our best to deliver your order by the estimated delivery date. If we can't do that, we will try to let you know as soon as possible. No refunds or discounts will be offered for delays in the delivery of BIG W Market Orders.

7.5    You:

1. acknowledge and agree that any person at the Delivery Address who receives the Products is authorised by you to receive your Order;

2. will ensure that, in the case of Restricted Products, you or the person authorised by you to receive your Order is over the required age as prescribed by law or as otherwise set out in these terms and conditions. You acknowledge and agree that you or the person authorised by you to receive your Order may be subject to an ID verification check by the relevant carrier delivering your products to verify that you meet any required age as prescribed by law; and

3. agree to comply with the delivery requirements specified below and such other requirements that we notify you when you place your Order through the Site.

7.6    Unless you provide an express authorisation to leave a product at the delivery address if no one is present to accept delivery, an appropriate person must be present to accept the delivery of your Order. If you authorise us or our carrier to leave a product at the delivery address when no one is present to accept delivery, you:

a. accept the risk of theft or loss of the Product from the time it is delivered; and

b. acknowledge that, notwithstanding your authorisation, the person delivering the Product has discretion whether to leave the Product at the address.

7.7    We may require the person accepting the delivery of your Order to:

a. provide us with proof of that person’s identity (including photographic identification) and, where relevant, age. If the Order has been paid by credit card, then we may also ask you to show us the credit card for us to conduct our verification checks; and

b. where relevant, provide us with proof that the consents referred to under the “Restricted Products” section of these terms and conditions have been obtained.

7.8    If there is no appropriate person (for example, above 18 years old for Restricted Products or no one where you have not provided authorisation to leave a Product) at the Delivery Address to receive the Order or you are unable to show us the credit card for us to conduct verification checks, then the carrier will not deliver the Products you have ordered. In this instance, we will endeavour to contact you or you may contact us to arrange for delivery at a different time, and we may charge you an additional Delivery Fee for the redelivery.

7.9    We will not deliver a Restricted Product to a person who is unable to prove that he or she is over the required age as prescribed by law or as otherwise set out in these terms and conditions. In this instance, we will cancel the Order and refund any amounts paid for that Order under these terms and conditions (excluding the Delivery Fee).

8. Pick Up Orders
8.1    During the Product ordering process, you may select the Pick Up Order option. By selecting this option, you agree to comply with this clause

8.2    You agree that:

a. Pick Up Orders may not be available at all BIG W store locations which will be indicated on the Site;

b. Pick Up Orders may not be available for all Products (for instance: promotional or online only offers). Any exclusions will be indicated on the Site at the time of placing the Pick Up Order;

c. any collection times for Pick Up Orders as indicated on the Site are estimates only. We will use reasonable endeavours to make available the Pick Up Orders within the online forecasted timeframe, however, will not accept any liability for delays.;

d. BIG W may, at its discretion, disable the Pick Up Order option for any Pick Up Orders that have not been accepted by us.

8.3    You will receive a written and/or electronic communication from us in relation to your Pick Up Order, including order confirmations, ready for collection and collection notifications. We may also communicate with you in relation to any delays of your Pick Up Orders.

8.4    You must collect your Pick Up Order within 10 days after receipt of the ready for collection notification. If you fail to collect your Pick Up Order within this period, we may cancel the Pick Up Order in accordance with clause 9.1.

8.5    You agree to comply with the following collection requirements in relation to your Pick Up Order and such other requirements that we may notify to you when placing your Pick Up Order:

a. you must collect your Pick Up Order from the BIG W store selected by you when you placed the Pick Up Order;

b. you must produce to our team member a valid photo identification and the collection notification (showing the confirmation code) when you collect the Pick Up Order; and

c. you must sign a collection confirmation when you collect the Pick Up Order.

8.6    In the event you are unable to collect your Pick Up Order, you may email BIG W (using the email address used to place your Order) to provide your written authority for a nominee to collect your Pick Up Order from BIG W (Pick Up Nominee). When collecting the Pick Up Order, the Pick Up Nominee must produce to our team member that email and comply with clause 8.5.

8.7    Pick up is not available for products which are shipped directly by our Fulfilment Partners or for BIG W Market products, as indicated on the product description page.

9. Cancelling an Order for Products
9.1    We (or our Fulfilment Partners or BIG W Market Sellers) may cancel any part of an Order for Products (including any Orders that we have accepted) without any liability to you for that cancellation at any time if:

a. the Products in that Order are not available;

b. there is an error in the price or the product description posted on the Site for the Product;

c. your Order has been placed in breach of these terms and conditions;

d. the Product(s) in that Order have been recalled;

e. you fail to collect your Pick Up Order within 10 days after receipt of the ready for collection notification; or

f. we are unable to ship your Order to your delivery address.

9.2    If we cancel any part of an Order in accordance with:

a. Clause 9.1(a) or 9.1(b) (where the Product is unavailable or there is a pricing or product description error) or 9.1(d) (where the Product has been recalled), we will provide you with reasonable notice of that cancellation, and will not charge you for the cancelled part of the Order. If any payment has been taken, then: (i) for a wholly cancelled Order, the full payment amount, including the Delivery Fee and any other fees and charges; or (ii) for a partly cancelled Order, the amount paid in respect of cancelled Products, will be refunded to your original payment method, or where BIG W deems appropriate, through an alternative means.

b. Clause 9.1(c) (where you are in breach of these terms and conditions), we will provide you with reasonable notice of that cancellation. Provided we are not also in breach of these terms and conditions, a cancellation fee of the lesser of $25 or the value of the payments made may apply. If any payment has been made in excess of $25, we will refund that excess amount to your original payment method , or where BIG W deems appropriate, or through an alternative means; or

c. Clause 9.1(e) (where you have failed to collect your Pick up Order), we will provide a refund to you of any amounts paid by you.

10. Prices, fees and charges
10.1    We will charge you, and you agree to pay the purchase price of each Product that is ordered, the Delivery Fee and any other fees and charges set out in these terms and conditions.

10.2    All prices and Delivery Fees on the Site are in Australian dollars (AU$). We reserve the right to alter prices and Delivery Fees for any reason at any time before you place your Order. Product availability and Product prices may vary between BIG W stores, catalogues and those found on this Site.

10.3    BIG W will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or any delay in performance of, obligations under its contract with you where such failure or delay is caused by an event outside the reasonable control of BIG W.

10.4    The purchase price of each Product is shown on the product list on the Site at the time you place your Order. The purchase price of a Product on the Site may not be the same or correspond to the prices in our stores for the same Product and we are not obliged to match any prices.

10.5.    BIG W may receive a referral fee and/or other financial benefits from BIG W Market Sellers in connection with a customer's purchase of a BIG W Market product from the relevant BIG W Market Seller.

11. Payment methods
11.1    You may pay the fees and charges for an accepted Order (excluding any lay-by Orders) with any of the following payment methods and such other payment methods as specified on the Site from time to time:

a. Woolworths Everyday Money® Credit Card;

b. Visa;

c. MasterCard;

d. American Express;

e. Debit cards displaying a Visa or Mastercard logo; and or

f. WISH Gift Card

g. PayPal;

h. Afterpay, subject to Afterpay’s terms; and

i. Zip, subject to Zip’s terms;

j. Apple Pay, subject to Apple's terms (BIG W App only)

11.2    If we are unable to successfully process your nominated payment method (being the applicable debit card, credit card, gift card, PayPal, Afterpay, Zip payment or Apple Pay) for an Order that has been accepted by us, then we may cancel your Order.

11.3    If you choose to pay by credit card, you authorise us to debit the amount that is payable from your nominated credit card for an accepted Order.

11.4    You must not pay, or attempt to pay, for Products through any fraudulent or unlawful means.

11.5    We will provide you with a receipt at time of delivery which specifies the total fees and charges for the Products in the Order.

12. Damaged Products and Returns
12.1    The BIG W Returns Policy applies to all purchases of Products using the Site and forms part of these terms and conditions. If you suspect that a Product is damaged on delivery, then you should refuse to take receipt of that Product and notify us by calling 1300 244 999.

12.2    If you consider that a Product was delivered to you in a damaged or defective condition, or is otherwise faulty, you should contact the BIG W Call Centre on 1300 244 999 or follow the returns instructions supplied with the Product.

13. Termination
13.1    We may immediately suspend, terminate or limit your access to and use of the Site and (where relevant) your account if you breach these terms and conditions and:

a. the breach cannot be remedied; or

b. you fail to remedy the breach within 10 days of our notice to you of that breach; or

c. if there is an emergency.

13.2    We may stop making the Site (or any part of it) available without prior notice. If so, any Orders that we have accepted will not be affected unless the Products that have been ordered are no longer available or we are prevented from supplying the Products, in which case, we will notify you and we will refund to you all valid payments received by us for those Products.

13.3    You may cancel your account at any time for any reason provided that:

a. any outstanding matters are resolved (such as a suspension on your account); and

b. you have paid all outstanding amounts owed by you.

14. Changes to these terms and conditions
14.1    We may, at our discretion, amend these terms and conditions at any time by publishing any amended terms and conditions on our Site, and such modifications will be effective as soon as they are posted.

14.2    If you have an Order that has been accepted by us, the terms and conditions that will apply to the Order are the terms and conditions that applied at the time you placed your Order.

14.3    For any future Orders, these terms and conditions may be different and so we recommend that you read these terms and conditions carefully each time you agree to them prior to placing your Order.

15. Your privacy and commercial electronic messages
15.1    You will receive different types of messages from us. Unless you have opted out, you agree to us communicating with you via various channels and media (including by email, SMS, phone, mail and by advertising on certain websites and social media) about offers, events and promotions. You agree to continue receiving communications from us until the time that you opt out.

15.2    You agree that the method by which you can unsubscribe from each of these types of messages is set out in the table below.  Please note that opting out from one message type will not opt you out from the other message types:

 

Message Type	How you can unsubscribe
Customer surveys, requests for feedback and market research (Customer Feedback Messages)	
Click the unsubscribe link contained within the footer of those messages
Marketing and promotional messages sent by BIG W	
Signing into your BIG W account and updating your personal details to opt out of receiving marketing and promotional communications
Calling our Contact Centre and letting us know what communications you no longer want to receive (if we can’t do it for you, we can certainly help walk you through the process)
Sending “STOP” to the number we provide you on any of our marketing or promotional SMSs
Using the unsubscribe facilities provided in our communications
Advertising on certain websites and social media	
Changing your privacy settings online so you no longer receive targeted advertising (see our Cookie Statement for more details on how to do this)
Marketing and promotional messages sent by BIG W Photos or other Woolworths brands and programs

Click the unsubscribe link contained within those messages to unsubscribe from such messages from that entity, brand or program
Follow the unsubscribe options referred to in the terms and conditions to unsubscribe from such messages from that brand or program
15.3    There are, however, some messages that we must be able to send you. These include, for example, messages relating to your BIG W VIP account, important information about products and services that you have purchased (like health and safety recall notices), forgotten passwords, or updates to our T&Cs and Privacy Policy. Opting out of receiving communications from BIG W will not opt you out of receiving these types of messages.

15.4    Our Privacy Policy contains information about how you can seek access to or correct the personal information we hold about you, and how you can complain about a breach of privacy.

15.5    If you have an enquiry about privacy, you can contact us by email at privacy@woolworths.com.au or by telephone on 1300 908 631. Our lines are open Monday to Friday 8:00am to 5:00pm (AEST). Alternatively, you can write to the Privacy Officer - Woolworths Group Limited, PO Box 8000, Baulkham Hills NSW 2153.

16. Governing law and enforceability
16.1    If the whole or any part of a provision of this agreement is void, unenforceable or illegal in a jurisdiction it is severed for that jurisdiction. The remainder of this agreement has full force and effect and the validity or enforceability of that provision in any other jurisdiction is not affected. This clause has no effect if the severance alters the basic nature of this agreement or is contrary to public policy.

16.2    This agreement is governed by the laws of New South Wales, Australia. Each party submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of that place. Any rights or remedies to which you are entitled under the Australian Consumer Law arise independently of these terms and conditions and this clause does not apply to any claim you may have under the Australian Consumer Law.

16.3    You alone, and not BIG W, are responsible for ensuring that your activities conducted on the Site are lawful. You must ensure that you comply with all applicable laws in Australia and other countries. You must also ensure that you strictly comply with these terms and conditions and the policies which form part of these terms and conditions.

17. Intellectual Property
17.1    All right, title and interest in all Intellectual Property in all concepts, systems, written, graphic and other material relating to the Site and its contents is owned by, and will at all times remain the exclusive property of, us, our licensors and the providers of any other products and services accessible through the Site, and is protected by Australian and international law. Nothing in these terms and conditions will constitute any licence of intellectual property rights to you.

17.2    You:

a. must not modify, copy, adapt, store in a retrieval system, reproduce, upload, post, transmit, sell, distribute in any way or communicate to the public any material on the Site without our prior written consent;

b. must not frame or embed in another website any of the material appearing on the Site without our prior written consent;

c. may store a reproduction of the content on the Site on your local computer for the sole purpose of viewing the content; and

d. may print hard copies of the content for the sole purpose of viewing and purchasing Products but not for any other use, including commercial use.

17.3    You must not use any of the marks or trademarks appearing on the Site or our name or the names of our related companies without our prior written consent. You must not use any of the other company, product and services marks on the Site that are owned by other third parties (including our suppliers) without obtaining the relevant third party owner’s consent.

17.4    BIG W Market is committed to ensuring that products sold on its online marketplace, and their product listings, do not infringe third-party intellectual property rights ("IP Rights").

If you are a rights holder or their authorised representative ("Rights Holder"), you can notify us of products or listings you believe infringe your intellectual property rights (an "IP Complaint") by submitting this form to us.

18. Risk of Loss
Risk and title in Products passes to you:

a. in relation to Orders (other than Pick up Orders), on the date and time of delivery to the delivery address; or

b. in relation to Pick up Orders, on the date and time of collection by you, or your nominee, from a BIG W store.

19. Product Descriptions
We attempt to be as accurate as possible and use our best endeavours to ensure, but do not warrant, that any information provided by our BIG W Market Sellers, including in relation to Product descriptions or other content of this Site, is accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free.

20. Other Businesses
There are links on the site which direct you to a third party website owned and operated by another company other than BIG W, for example BIG W Photos and BIG W Vision. The Terms and Conditions of those sites are individual to the site that you are visiting and should be reviewed and agreed upon in accordance with their Terms and Conditions. The Terms and Conditions will specify who you will be entering into a contract with on that site. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, any of these businesses or individuals or the content of their websites. We do not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, product, and content of all these and any other third parties. You should carefully review their privacy statements and other conditions of use.

21. Everyday Rewards
By participating in the Everyday Rewards program, you agree to comply with and be bound by the Everyday Rewards Terms and Conditions.

22. Additional Terms and Conditions of BIG W App
By using the App, you agree to be bound by these BIG W Online Terms and Conditions. Using the App also involves you providing your personal information to BIG W. This may include your name, order details, location and technical information relating to your device and software. Further details about the personal information we collect and how it is used is available in the BIG W Online Collection Notice.

When accessing this App, we need you to be aware of the following Product and service specific information:

a. Safety - This App is not intended to be used while driving. You must comply with the Road Rules and not use the App or your mobile device in any manner contrary to the Road Rules. The Road Rules provide that it is an offence for a driver to use a mobile phone that the driver is holding in his or her hand.

b. Specials and Weekly Catalogue - Items on sale for the period specified, unless sold out earlier. Advertised savings may vary in between stores. Limits per customer may apply. Some Products or varieties may not be available in all stores or on the Site. Specials may not be available in all stores or on the Site. Multibuys apply for the purchase quantity advertised

c. Store Finder - Trading hours correct at time of publish. See in-store for latest information.

d. You acknowledge that:

            i. all pricing for a Product displayed on the App may differ depending on the postcode you have selected (for example, the price for a Product in Sydney may differ to the price for that same Product in Melbourne).

            ii. Phone network Products - Subject to terms, conditions and limitations imposed by mobile service provider. Please check with service provider or in-store for full details.

            iii. App usage - This App has been tested and operates on open source third generation and above. By using this app you agree that the App provider may collect and use technical data and related information, including but not limited to technical information about your device, system and application software, and peripherals, that is gathered periodically to facilitate the provision of software updates, Product support and other services to you (if any) related to the licensed App.

23. Advertised Merchandise Policy
Some styles, colours and sizes may not be available at some stores or online or may vary by store. Accessories not included. Some larger items are sold boxed and require assembling. We reserve the right to limit purchases to reasonable retail quantities.

For full catalogue terms and conditions, please see https://www.bigw.com.au/your-rights-product-safety/catalogue-terms-conditions.

LIMITED AVAILABILITY: Stock may be delayed or unavailable in certain stores (e.g. in WA, QLD and NT) due to unforeseen circumstances or other delays. Please check your local store or online for full availability.

24. Definitions
Capitalised terms used are defined in these terms and conditions. In these terms:

BIG W Market means the online marketplace where you can buy products from BIG W Market Sellers.

BIG W Market Sellers means sellers who list and sell their products on BIG W Market.

BIG W Returns Policies means the Faulty Goods Returns Policy and 90 Day Change of Mind Returns Policy detailed at http://www.bigw.com.au/help/returns.

Classification Board means the Classification Board established under the Classification (Publications, Films and Computer Games) Act 1995 (Cth).

Delivery Address means the address specified by you during the customer registration process for the delivery of Products that we will supply to you under these terms and conditions.

Delivery Fee means the delivery fee notified to you at the time you place your Order.

Fulfilment Partner means a supplier of Products to BIG W for the purposes of sale on the Site by BIG W, but which remain in the possession of that supplier until shipped directly to you.

GST has the meaning it has in the A New Tax System (Goods and Services Tax) Act 1999 (Cth).

Intellectual Property means all intellectual property rights including current and future registered and unregistered rights in respect of copyright, designs, circuit layouts, trade marks, trade secrets, know-how, confidential information, patents, invention and discoveries and all other intellectual property as defined in article 2 of the convention establishing the World Intellectual Property Organisation 1967.

MA 15+ means the MA 15+ classification in the Classification (Publications, Films and Computer Games) Act 1995 (Cth).

Order means any order for a Product placed on the Site. Unless otherwise indicated in this document, a reference to Orders includes Pick Up Orders.

Personalised Product means Products which have been personalised in accordance with the personalisation details provided by you.

Pick Up Order means any Order that must be picked up by you, or your nominee, at the preselected BIG W store.

Product means each good or service that is advertised on the Site.

R 18+ means the R 18+ classification in the Classification (Publications, Films and Computer Games) Act 1995 (Cth).

Restricted Film means a film that has been classified MA 15+ or R 18+ by the Classification Board.

Restricted Game means a computer game that has been classified MA 15+ or R 18+ by the Classification Board.

Restricted Product means a Restricted Film, Restricted Game, knives, helium, hampers containing alcohol or any other Product BIG W or applicable laws may refer to.