Terms of User Service
Terms of User Service
Currently updated on: November 16 2020
This Agreement is an agreement between the user (hereinafter referred to as the “User” or “You”) and bilibili (hereinafter referred to as “bilibili”, “Us”, “This Service” or “the Company”). bilibili will provide you with services in accordance with the content agreed herein. “bilibili” refers to bilibili and/or the possible operating affiliate of its related services.
If you do not agree to any of the terms herein or subsequent modifications to the terms hereof, please do not use the related services provided by bilibili. Your usage behavior will be regarded as your complete acceptance of all the terms hereof. Please read all the terms and conditions hereof carefully, especially the terms in bold fonts.
If you are a minor, please read and judge whether you agree to this Agreement in the presence of your legal agent or guardian, especially the minor clauses. The minor’s exercise and performance of the rights and obligations hereunder will be deemed to have obtained the permission or recognition of the legal agent or guardian.
1. Service description
1.1 bilibili provides you with services including but not limited to the following:
1.1.1 bilibili’s website: www.bilibili.com (and any other website operated by bilibili);
1.1.2 Client products on all terminals directly owned or operated by bilibili, including but not limited to PCs, tablets, mobile phones, TVs, etc.;
1.1.3 bilibili user’s personal center, personal space, coins, wallet;
1.1.4 Servers and network storage spaces directly owned or operated by bilibili;
1.1.5 Various value-added services provided by bilibili;
1.1.6 Other technologies and/or services provided by bilibili to you.
1.2 The services provided by bilibili shall only be used within bilibili. Any act of separating the services provided by bilibili from bilibili by any cracking method does not belong to the services provided by bilibili as agreed herein. All consequences caused thereby shall be the liability of the perpetrator, and bilibili reserves the right to pursue the legal liability of the perpetrator in accordance with the law.
1.3 The methods officially announced by bilibili are the sole legitimate methods to sign up for, log in to and download the clients (including but not limited to iOS, Android and other platforms), and to use bilibili’s services. bilibili’s services (including but not limited to accounts, coins, client downloads, etc.) obtained by users via any other means, channels, and methods shall be illegal. bilibili will not recognize their effectiveness. Once it is discovered, bilibili shall have the right to delete the account immediately, temporarily or permanently stop providing you with some or all of the services, etc. All the adverse consequences caused thereby shall be borne by the user.
Please keep your account and password properly, strengthen password security, and prevent account divulgence or theft.
You understand and agree that bilibili shall not be liable for compensation for any losses caused by the divulgence or theft of bilibili user account not attributable to bilibili.
1.4 The user understands and acknowledges that the user has the right to use the bilibili account and its coins, marks, gifts and so on legally obtained in the long term in accordance with the agreement with bilibili, but the user is only entitled to the right to use the above services and products. The ownership and intellectual property rights of the above services and products, and its derivatives shall belong to bilibili (except for the ownership of physical products obtained by the user through legitimate channels). You understand and agree that bilibili may terminate or adjust the content of the services and products at any time for any reason. In this case, bilibili does not need to notify the user or obtain the user’s consent. You understand and agree that such case does not constitute bilibili’s breach of contract, and the user agrees not to pursue bilibili’s legal liabilities or agrees to exempt bilibili from the relevant legal liabilities.
1.5 bilibili has the right to notify users in advance (including but not limited to by pop-up announcements, website homepage announcements, system messages or any other method deemed appropriate by bilibili) to modify, update, replace, and upgrade any software content related to bilibili’s services, general user agreement, specific user service agreement and privacy policy.
If the user does not agree to or does not accept the modification, update, replacement, or upgrade of any agreement/policy of bilibili’s related software, please directly refuse, stop, or cancel the use behavior. If a user continues to use bilibili’s services, it will be deemed that the user agrees to and accepts the modification, update, replacement, or upgrade of bilibili’s related software, and such agreement and acceptance behaviors are subject to this Agreement or any latest agreement/policy.
1.6 The term “user” herein includes registered user and unregistered user. Users who have not signed up for bilibili’s products and/or services will automatically become bilibili’s “non-registered users” when they download or install bilibili’s products and/or use bilibili’s services.
1.7 Special tips: As bilibili has many products and services, the products and services provided to you also vary. This Agreement is a general user service terms uniformly applicable to bilibili. For some specific products/services of bilibili, a specific user service agreement will be separately applied between you and bilibili, so as to more specifically clarify bilibili’s service content, service rules, etc. You should thoroughly read and agree to all contents of the specific user service agreement before using the specific product/service.
2. User signup
If you use the network storage space provided by bilibili to upload and disseminate audiovisual programs, text (including but not limited to articles, live comments or messages and comments), art photography, etc., you need to sign up for an account and set a password, and ensure the authenticity, correctness, and completeness of the signup information. Any act committed with your account in bilibili’s services will be deemed to be done by you or authorized by you. You may therefore have to bear corresponding legal liabilities, so you should not let others use bilibili’s services via your account, nor will you disclose your account password to others. If the above signup information changes, you agree to change it in time. After completing the signup procedures for this service,
you should maintain the confidentiality and security of your account and password. You are fully responsible for the acts performed by anyone using your account and password. bilibili cannot identify illegal or unauthorized use of your account and password, so bilibili will not bear any liability.
In addition, you agree and promise that:
2.1 When your account or password is used without authorization, or incurs any security issue, you will immediately and effectively notify bilibili;
2.2 Every time you log in to bilibili or use related services, you will safely log out of the relevant account;
2.3 You understand and agree that all the contents of using bilibili’s services, including meaning expressions, will be represented by electronic files; all notifications from bilibili to you will be made by email or other electronic means. You agree to accept bilibili to send you notification and other relevant messages via email, client, web page or other legitimate means;
2.4 You understand and agree that bilibili is an open community platform. Except for certain pages that will restrict the viewing age, general users can freely browse all public pages of bilibili, and bilibili cannot prevent third parties from associating user content (as defined below) with you. Therefore, when you publish articles, respond to other users or have conversations with other users, you should pay attention to the fact that the information you disclose may cause strangers or your relatives and friends to identify your real identity and may have an impact on your real life.
2.5 You promise not to sign up for or use bilibili account to engage in the following acts:
2.5.1 Deliberately fraudulently use other’s information to sign up for a bilibili account for yourself;
2.5.2 Sign up for a bilibili account in the name of others without the legal authorization of others;
2.5.3 Steal or embezzle other’s bilibili account number, coin, VIP mark, etc.;
2.5.4 Use abusive, defamatory, pornography, political and other words that violate laws, ethics and public order and good customs to sign up for a bilibili account;
2.5.5 For the purpose of illegally occupying bilibili’s related service resources, maliciously exploit website vulnerabilities through proper or improper means;
2.5.6 Other content that infringes on the legal rights of others.
2.6 You hereby agree that bilibili has the right to prohibit signup, delete account, and/or suspend or stop some or all of the services rendered to you for users who violate the above provisions.
2.7 You understand and know that you can use your bilibili account to log in to all products under bilibili system provided by bilibili and its affiliates.
3. Content on bilibili (or “User Content”)
3.1 The content on bilibili refers to the video, audio or any other form of content that you upload or disseminate on bilibili, including but not limited to images, text, links, etc.
3.2 For the user content you upload or publish on bilibili, you guarantee that you have legitimate copyright or corresponding authorization towards it, and bilibili has the right to display, distribute and promote the foregoing content.
3.3 User content authorization
Regarding the articles you publish using bilibili’s services, the nicknames you use, and other expressions, the intellectual property rights are owned by you or other right holders, but regarding the user content and relevant intellectual property rights, you agree to the following:
3.3.1 You grant bilibili a permanent, non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free authorization all over the world. According to the above authorization, bilibili can reproduce or otherwise use part or all of the user content. You hereby declare and guarantee that you have all necessary rights or authorizations for the user content and its publishing, which are sufficient to effectively grant bilibili the aforementioned authorization.
3.3.2 bilibili reserves the right to refuse to accept, post, display, or transmit the user content, and has the right to delete the user content published by you in accordance with the deletion rules.
3.3.3 You can take the initiative to delete the user content, but this does not apply to the part of user content that has been cited by other users.
3.3.4 With regard to the aforementioned deleted user content, bilibili has the right to keep and may have kept a backup, but bilibili has no obligation to keep a backup. For all risks or losses arising from your failure to store or delete user content, you should take protective measures on your own. bilibili is not responsible for providing and is not obliged to provide you with backups or files (if any) kept inside bilibili.
3.4 In order to improve the exposure and publishing efficiency of your content, you agree that all the contents you publish in your bilibili account are authorized to bilibili to automatically and synchronously publish them to all products operated by bilibili and/or its affiliated companies with your account, including client software/programs and websites. Your operations to publish, modify, or delete contents on bilibili will all be synchronized to the above products.
3.5 For any message, data, text, software, music, audio, photos, graphics, videos, information or other materials (i.e., user content) transmitted via the services provided by bilibili by uploading, posting, sending emails or any other means, no matter publicly or privately, the content provider and uploader shall bear the responsibility.
3.6 bilibili cannot foresee and reasonably control the user content uploaded via bilibili’s services. Therefore, you have foreseen that when using bilibili’s services, you may come into contact with some contents that make you feel unhappy, upset or disgusting. You agree that this is not caused by bilibili’s breach or violation of the law, and you should not claim compensation or indemnity against bilibili. However, bilibili has the right to stop the transmission of any of the foregoing contents and take corresponding actions in accordance with the law, including but not limited to suspending your continued use of some or all of bilibili’s services, keeping relevant records and reporting to relevant authorities.
3.7 You need to independently assume legal liabilities for your actions on bilibili. If your use of bilibili’s services does not comply with this Agreement, bilibili shall have the right to deal with it independently and disable your account without prior notice and/or user consent. If you spread and disseminate infringing or pornographic information, or other information in violation of laws and ordinances on bilibili, you understand and agree that bilibili may provide relevant records on its own initiative or in accordance with the order of the court and other competent authorities as the evidence for your violation of relevant laws.
4. Rules of use
4.1 In the process of using bilibili’s services, users shall abide by the laws of the place of applicable law of this Agreement and the laws of your location.
4.2 In any case, once bilibili reasonably believes that the user’s behavior may violate the above-mentioned laws and regulations, it can terminate the rendering of service to the user at any time without prior notice.
4.3 Users are prohibited from engaging in the following behaviors, and the user content must not contain the following information:
4.3.1 Making, uploading, copying, transmitting, or disseminating any content prohibited by laws and orders and containing any racial hatred, racial discrimination, obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror, or abetting crime, insulting or slandering others, infringing on the legitimate rights and interests of others, etc., or other objectionable content, including but not limited to message, data, text, software, music, audio, photos, graphics, information or other material;
4.3.2 Books, photos, videos or other similar items that contain sexual intercourse or indecent behavior involving children or adolescents;
4.3.3 Information that is sufficient to induce, mediate, suggest or otherwise prompt sex trades;
4.3.4 Behaviors that are sufficient to induce, mediate, suggest or otherwise prompt paid sexual intercourse or indecent behavior involving children or adolescents; behaviors that use sexual intercourse or indecent behavior involving children or adolescents for people to observe; behaviors that make children or adolescents to accompany others to drink, travel, sing or dance, which involves pornography, or information that may be related thereto;
4.3.5 Content that infringes on others’ portrait rights, privacy rights or other rights;
4.3.6 Impersonating any person or organization, or falsely claiming or making people mistakenly believe that it is related to any person or organization;
4.3.7 Falsify the title or otherwise manipulate the identification data to make people mistakenly believe that the content is sent by bilibili;
4.3.8 Uploading, posting, sending email of, or otherwise transmitting the content that he/she is not authorized to transmit (such as internal information, confidential information);
4.3.9 Uploading, posting, sending email of or otherwise transmitting the content that infringes on any person’s intellectual property rights such as patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secrets;
4.3.10 Uploading, posting, send email of or otherwise transmitting advertising letters, promotional materials, “spam”, etc.;
4.3.11 Stalking or otherwise harassing others;
4.3.12 Uploading, posting, sending email of or otherwise transmitting information about computer programs or other codes and files that interfere with, destroy or restrict the functions of any computer software, hardware or communication equipment;
4.3.13 Interfering with or destroying bilibili’s services or the servers and network connected to bilibili’s services, or failing to comply with the provisions hereof;
4.3.14 Intentionally or unintentionally violating laws, regulations, rules, ordinances and other legally binding norms in place of the applicable laws or your location;
4.3.15 Without the prior express written permission of bilibili, obtaining, or entrusting or assisting others to obtain the services, contents or data of the platform in any way (including but not limited to any automatic programs, scripts, and software such as robot programs, spider programs, crawlers, etc.) and for any reason;
4.3.16 New technologies and applications based on deep learning, virtual reality, etc. shall not be used to produce, publish, and disseminate false news, information and other information prohibited by laws and regulations. When you publish or disseminate inauthentic audio-visual information made with new technologies and applications based on deep learning, virtual reality, etc., you should mark it in a prominent way, or else bilibili shall have the right to take measures including but not limited to adding marks, restricting, and banning to relevant user content and accounts.
4.4 If the uploaded content provided by the user contains the above information or content that violates the policies, laws and regulations, the user shall directly bear all the adverse consequences caused by the above. If bilibili suffers any damage or any additional cost as a result thereof, the user shall be ultimately liable and indemnify bilibili for all losses caused thereby.
4.5 Users shall not publish any words including “bilibili” brand such as “cooperated with bilibili” and “produced with bilibili” via any channels or media (including but not limited to we-media). If a user needs to promote cooperative programs, the user can only mention the program itself in the promotion without mentioning the relationship with bilibili or promoting with the brand of bilibili without authorization. All propaganda drafts posted by a user with “bilibili” must be approved in writing by the corresponding cooperation department of bilibili, or else the user shall be liable for all the losses caused thereby to bilibili, and the user understands that such behavior may violate relevant laws, and shall bear the relevant criminal or administrative liabilities.
4.6 Coin usage rules
4.6.1 Unless specially specified, the specific usage method and period of virtual products such as coins and exchanged items obtained by the user via using coin service shall be subject to the instructions attached to bilibili’s relevant web page and the user guide or similar official documents with explanation on the above.
4.6.2 The coin system may be adjusted at any time due to user needs, website strategy adjustments, user acceptance degree and other factors. For specific information, please refer to the page description at the time.
4.6.3 The coin system is a free service provided by bilibili to users. The use, consumption, redemption, lottery and so on of coins are free of invoices or other notes.
4.6.4 Based on the nature and characteristics of virtual goods, bilibili shall not provide return or replacement service for virtual goods redeemed with coins. For physical products, bilibili shall not be liable for the defects, damage or unserviceability of products caused by users.
4.6.5 Without the written authorization from bilibili, users are not allowed to use coin service and coins for commercial purposes, including but not limited to trading, replacement, mortgage, or using coin services in a specific way to obtain improper profits. Any user should obtain coin service through formal channels. All coins and derivative services obtained through unofficial publication channels shall have no legal effect on bilibili. bilibili has the right to unilaterally withdraw relevant coins and terminate the corresponding services. bilibili also has the right to delete the accounts involved, or permanently or temporarily stop part or all of the services.
4.6.6 Unless specially agreed, the coins and derivatives obtained by users via formal channels shall not be returned in any cash form, and can only be used for equivalent consumption by enjoying coin service. When a user has consumed all the coins obtained and will not continue to use the coin service, the service will be terminated.
5. Third-party links
bilibili’s services may have links to other websites, network services or resources. Unless otherwise stated, bilibili cannot control the services of third-party websites. Therefore, bilibili shall not be liable for any loss or damage caused by users using or relying on the above-mentioned websites, services or resources.
6. Intellectual property rights
6.1 Protected by the Universal Copyright Convention, local copyright law, patent law, and other intellectual property rights related laws and regulations at the place of applicable law and your location, all intellectual property rights of the software, technologies, trademarks, materials, etc. used in bilibili’s services and this service shall be owned and enjoyed by bilibili. “Intellectual property rights” include any and all rights, and any and all other proprietary rights as specified in the patent law, copyright law, trademark law, fair trade law, trade secret law and other related laws and orders, and any and all applications, updates, extension and restoration therein.
6.2 Users must not modify, adapt, or translate software, technology, materials, etc. used by bilibili’s services, or create derivative works related to them, and must not obtain their source code through reverse engineering, decompilation, disassembly or other similar acts, or else all legal consequences caused thereby shall be the liability of the user, and bilibili will pursue the legal liabilities of the breaching party in accordance with the law.
6.3 Users must not maliciously modify, copy, or spread the software, technology, materials, etc. used by bilibili’s services. Otherwise, the user shall bear the corresponding legal liabilities for the damage caused to other people or to the image of bilibili.
6.4 Users shall not delete, cover up or change bilibili’s copyright statement, trademark statement or statement of other rights without authorization. All design drawings and other drawings, product and service names of bilibili are trademarks and marks owned by bilibili and/or its affiliates or other rights holders. No one may use, copy or use them for other purposes without prior written authorization.
6.5 bilibili is fully entitled to the intellectual property rights for its self-made content and other exclusive content obtained through authorization. Without bilibili’s permission, no entity or individual may privately reprint or disseminate them, or provide them for watching or engage in other acts infringing upon bilibili’s intellectual property rights. Otherwise, bilibili will pursue the legal liabilities of the infringer.
6.6 The intellectual property rights owned and enjoyed by bilibili will not be transferred due to any use by users.
7. Disclaimer
7.1 bilibili does not declare or guarantee the correctness or reliability of any content, information or advertisement containing, or obtained via or connected to, downloading, or related to this service in any way; and for any product, information or material purchased or obtained by users through advertisements and displays on this service, bilibili is not responsible for assurance.
7.2 Unless otherwise expressly stated in writing, all products and services provided by bilibili to you are provided on an “as is” and “as is available” basis.
7.3 bilibili does not guarantee the following matters (including but not limited to):
7.3.1 Although the website, client and other software provided by bilibili have been tested by bilibili, due to the limitations of the technology itself, bilibili cannot guarantee that it is fully compatible with other software, hardware, and systems. If there is an incompatibility, the user can report the case to bilibili for technical support. If the problem cannot be solved, the user can choose to uninstall or stop using bilibili’s services.
7.3.2 The use of bilibili’s services involves Internet services and may be affected by unstable factors in various links. Due to force majeure, hacker attacks, system instability, network interruption, user shutdown, communication lines, etc., bilibili’s services may be interrupted or may be unable to meet users’ requirements. bilibili does not guarantee that bilibili’s services are suitable for users’ use requirements.
7.3.3 Since the client and other software provided by bilibili can be downloaded and disseminated through the Internet, for bilibili service-related software downloaded from non-bilibili designated official sites and obtained from non-bilibili designated channels, bilibili cannot guarantee whether it is infected with computer viruses, whether it is hiding a disguised Trojan horse program and other hacker software, and shall not assume all direct or indirect damages and other legal liabilities suffered by users.
7.3.4 bilibili does not make any guarantee related to the safety, reliability, timeliness and performance of bilibili’s services and products.
7.3.5 bilibili does not guarantee that any products, services or other materials it provides meet the expectations of users.
7.4 Users’ use of any data downloaded or obtained through bilibili’s services shall be at the users’ own risk, and the users shall be fully liable for the damages to the users’ computer systems or loss of data due to such use.
7.5 bilibili shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, derivative or punitive compensation for losses of profits, business reputation or data, or other tangible or intangible losses caused by the following reasons:
7.5.1 bilibili’s services are totally or partially unavailable;
7.5.2 Any products, materials or services purchased or obtained through bilibili’s services;
7.5.3 Unauthorized use or modification of user information;
7.5.4 Other matters related to bilibili’s services.
7.6 Users should keep their account and password properly, reinforce password security, and guard against account leakage or theft. bilibili shall not be liable for compensation for any losses caused by the leakage or theft of user accounts. bilibili will not be liable for the compensation for losses or reduction of the account, or property or user content in the account due to non-bilibili reasons such as communication line failures of the telecommunications agency, network or computer failures, system instability, and force majeure (such as server shutdown).
7.7 Users understand and agree to download and use bilibili’s services free of charge, at their own discretion and at their own risk, including but not limited to the users’ behavior in the process of using bilibili’s services, and all consequences arising from the use of bilibili’s services. In case of damage to the computer system or loss of data due to downloading or using bilibili’s services, the user shall bear full liabilities.
7.8 bilibili does not assume any legal liability in case of unrecoverable loss or reduction of account or property in account due to untrue authentication information.
8. Service change, interruption and termination
8.1 You understand and agree that, based on the adjustment of bilibili’s business strategy, the content of service may be changed, and the service may also be interrupted, suspended or terminated.
8.2 You understand and agree that if bilibili undergoes a merger, division, acquisition, or asset transfer, bilibili may transfer the relevant assets under this service to a third party; bilibili may also, upon unilateral notice to you, transfer some or all of the services and the corresponding rights and obligations hereunder to a third party for operation or performance.
8.3 You understand and agree that if you violate the provisions of relevant laws and regulations, violate this Agreement and other provisions of bilibili platform, bilibili has the right to unilaterally interrupt or terminate the provision of services to you without notice.
8.4 After bilibili terminates the provision of services to you, it has the right to delete or anonymize your personal information in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws, and it also has the right to continue to save other content and information of yours on our platform in accordance with the time limit and method provided by the law.
9. Closing an account
9.1 Users have the right to apply for account closure to bilibili. You can close your account by contacting bilibili’s customer service staff (except as otherwise provided by relevant laws and regulations or otherwise agreed herein and in the rules of each site).
9.2 Special tips: After you close your bilibili account, you will no longer be able to log in to and use all products and services of bilibili and its affiliates, as well as the services in cooperation with third parties in products and services, and bilibili will also cease to provide you with our products and services under this account at the same time, which will inevitably bring inconvenience to your after-sale right defending. Once bilibili account is closed, it cannot be restored. Please consider carefully before closing.
9.3 If you determine that you need to close your bilibili account, you have fully understood and confirmed that the UID will still exist after the account is closed, but you will no longer have account-related rights and interests, including but not limited to:
9.3.1 After the account is closed, you will no longer be able to log in and use all products and services under bilibili with that account;
9.3.2 After the account is closed, all contents, information, data, and records of all products and services of bilibili that you once logged in to and used with the account will be deleted or anonymized, and you will no longer be able to search, access, obtain, use or retrieve them, including but not limited to: account information (avatar, nickname, signature, etc.), and binding information;
9.3.3 After the account is closed, the transaction records of the account will be cleared and irrecoverable;
9.3.4 After the account is closed, bilibili has the right to no longer provide users with any account-related services;
9.3.5 You agree to give up the rights and interests that have been generated but not consumed during the use of bilibili’s products and services as well as the expected rights and interests in the future under the account via closing the account. bilibili will clear all the rights and interests under the account, including but not limited to: your unexpired VIP rights and interests, various coupons that you have not used, the virtual currency and items under your game character, and your identity rights and interests in various products and/or services of bilibili, the unexpired online service content that you have purchased in bilibili’s products and/or services, other rights and interests that have been generated but not fully consumed or those expected in the future.
9.4 Before you apply to us for closing your bilibili account, in order to protect your account security and property rights and interests, you must first check and ensure that the account you are applying for closing meets the following conditions, including but not limited to:
9.4.1 The account is signed up via official channel and complies with this Agreement and related regulations, and the account number is yours;
9.4.2 The closing operation is performed in accordance with the closing process required by the customer service staff;
9.4.3 The account is in a safe state, including: not in the state of applying to retrieve a password or modify a mobile phone number; no pending complaint or whistle-blowing; no other unsafe/abnormal states;
9.4.4 There is no pending transaction in the account;
9.4.5 There is no lucky draw initiated by you but not completed in the account;
9.4.6 The account does not have a contractual relationship with all bilibili businesses and is not in the contract period (such as contracted anchor, etc.);
9.4.7 If the account has activated the “automatically renewed monthly/quarterly/annual package” service, you should have cancelled the service by yourself;
9.4.8 Other conditions that should be met.
9.5 If you have fully read and understood the contents of 9.2 and 9.3, and confirmed that you have met all the conditions of 9.4, you can apply for account closure to the customer service staff. The customer service staff will review the security status of your account and your usage of relevant products and services, and comprehensively determine whether your account meets the conditions.
9.6 Once a bilibili account is closed, the relevant user agreement and other rights and obligations related documents that you have signed with us will be terminated accordingly (except for those agreed to continue to be effective or otherwise provided by law). In addition, you understand and agree that even if your account has been closed, it will not mitigate your or exempt you from the liabilities (possibly) to be borne during the agreement term according to relevant laws and regulations, relevant agreements, and rules, etc.
10. Privacy policy
10.1 bilibili attaches great importance to protecting users’ personal information and personal privacy. Personal information refers to the information recorded electronically or in other ways that can identify a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person alone or in combination with other information. When you download, install, launch, browse, register, log in to, or use bilibili’s products and/or services, bilibili will process and protect your personal information in accordance with the “bilibili Privacy Policy” published by the platform, so I hope you can carefully read and fully understand the full text of the “bilibili Privacy Policy”, and when necessary, follow the guidance of the “bilibili Privacy Policy” to make the choices you deem appropriate.
10.2 You should use bilibili’s products and/or services after carefully reading and fully understanding the “bilibili Privacy Policy”. If you do not agree to the content of the policy, it may cause bilibili’s products and/or services to fail to operate normally, or to fail to reach the service effect that bilibili intends to reach. Your use or continued use of the products and/or services provided by bilibili means that you fully understand and agree to all the contents of the “bilibili Privacy Policy” (including its updated versions).
10.3 If you have any question about the “bilibili Privacy Policy” or the relevant content of your personal information (including question consultation, complaints, etc.), you can contact us through the contact information published in Article 10 of the “bilibili Privacy Policy”.
11. Minor clause
11.1 bilibili attaches great importance to the protection of minors. If you are a minor, you should read this Agreement under the supervision and guidance of your legal agent or guardian, and use bilibili’s products and/or services after obtaining the consent of the legal agent or guardian.
11.2 Guardians should guide their children on the safety issues that should be paid attention to when surfing the Internet, and take precautions against them. bilibili does not encourage minors to use bilibili’s products/services for any consumption. If there is need for consumption, minors should ask a legal agent or guardian to operate or operate under the explicit consent of the legal agent or guardian.
11.3 For the privacy protection of minors, bilibili will strictly follow the means and methods described in the “bilibili Privacy Policy” published by the platform.
12. Application of law and jurisdiction
12.1 The entry into force, performance, interpretation and dispute resolution of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Mainland of the People’s Republic of China. The invalidity of part of this article due to its conflict with the current law in the place of applicable law shall not affect the validity of other parts. Both parties agree that when resolving disputes, the latest version of the “bilibili User Agreement” you have agreed shall prevail.
12.2 If any dispute arises over the content of this Agreement or its implementation, it shall be settled through friendly negotiation as far as possible; if the negotiation fails, all parties to the dispute agree to submit the dispute to the Guangzhou Arbitration Commission for arbitration in accordance with its arbitration rules. The arbitration award shall be final and legally binding on all parties.
13. Modification and notification of the Agreement
13.1 bilibili has the right to modify this Agreement and publish the modified agreement in accordance with changes in national policies, technical conditions, and product functions, etc.
13.2 Once the foregoing content is officially published, bilibili will remind you of the updated content in an appropriate way (including but not limited to pop-up windows, emails, site letters, and website announcements, etc.), so that you can keep abreast of the latest version of this Agreement.
13.3 You know that the name of this Agreement and the heading of each section are for convenience and reading only, and because this Agreement is displayed on our platform in many places, it may take a period of time for all agreements to be renamed. During this period, the simultaneous existence of two names does not affect the meaning or interpretation of any clause in the text.
13.4 The revised content will form an integral part of this Agreement, and you should also comply with it. If you have any objection to the revised agreement, please stop logging in to and use bilibili and related services immediately. If you log in to or continue to use bilibili and related services, you will be deemed to have fully read, understood and accepted the updated agreement and are willing to be bound by the updated agreement.