Terms Of Use
You are here:
Home
/
Terms Of Use
WEBSITE TERMS OF USE
If you do not agree to the Terms of Use, discontinue using the site immediately!
By using this site, you signify your Assent and Agreement to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, do not use the site.
Restrictions on Use of Materials
The author(s) and publisher(s) of virtualfitnesstrainer.com and the accompanying resources and materials have used their best efforts in preparing this site. The author(s) and publisher(s) of virtualfitnesstrainer.com make no representation or warranties with respect to the accuracy, applicability, fitness, or completeness of the contents of this virtualfitnesstrainer.com. The information contained in this site is strictly for educational and informational purposes and are solely the opinions of the author(s) and publisher(s). Therefore, if you wish to apply ideas, information, products, or anything else found in virtualfitnesstrainer.com, you accept full responsibility for your actions and the results of those actions.
The author and publisher of virtualfitnesstrainer.com disclaim any warranties (express or implied), merchantability, or fitness of materials expressed for any particular purpose. The author and publisher shall in no event be held liable to any party for any direct, indirect, punitive, special, incidental, health or other consequential damages arising directly or indirectly from any use of this material, which is provided as is, and without warranties of any kind.
As always, the advice of a competent legal, health, tax, accounting or other applicable professional should be sought before using any materials or products found here on virtualfitnesstrainer.com or elsewhere.
The author(s) and publisher(s) do not warrant the performance, effectiveness or applicability of any site or sites listed or linked to on virtualfitnesstrainer.com.
Materials in virtualfitnesstrainer.com are Copyrighted and all rights are reserved. Text, graphics, databases, HTML code, and other intellectual property are protected by US and International Copyright Laws, and may not be copied, reprinted, published, reengineered, translated, hosted, or otherwise distributed by any means without explicit permission. All of the trademarks on this site are trademarks of virtualfitnesstrainer.com or of other owners used with their permission.
Liability
The materials in this site are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind either express or implied. virtualfitnesstrainer.com disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for any particular purpose. virtualfitnesstrainer.com does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. virtualfitnesstrainer.com does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials or products in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. You (and not virtualfitnesstrainer.com assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall virtualfitnesstrainer.com be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in this site, even if virtualfitnesstrainer.com or a virtualfitnesstrainer.com authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. In no event shall virtualfitnesstrainer.com’s total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort, including but not limited to, negligence or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing this site.
Facts and information at this website are believed to be accurate at the time they were placed on the website. Changes may be made at any time without prior notice. All data provided on this website is to be used for information purposes only. The information contained on this website and pages within, is not intended to provide specific legal, financial, health or tax advice, or any other advice, whatsoever, for any individual or company and should not be relied upon in that regard. The services, product, and information described on this website are only offered in jurisdictions where they may be legally offered. Information provided in our website is not all-inclusive, and is limited to information that is made available to virtualfitnesstrainer.com and such information should not be relied upon as all-inclusive or accurate.
Statements on virtualfitnesstrainer.com have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration or any other governing body. As always readers should consult appropriate health professionals as necessary on any matter relating to their health and/or well-being before taking any action of any kind. Individual results of the use of the products, or information found on virtualfitnesstrainer.com will vary. Statements mentioned are to be considered anecdotal with no expressed or implied results byvirtualfitnesstrainer.com.
Health Disclaimer
Any and all information contained on virtualfitnesstrainer.com or any virtualfitnesstrainer.com related sites, articles or materials are not intended to take the place of medical advice from a health care professional. Any action taken based on the contents found in virtualfitnesstrainer.com or any virtualfitnesstrainer.com related sites, articles, materials, products or information is to be used at the sole discretion and sole liability of the the person or persons visiting virtualfitnesstrainer.com.
Readers of any information found on virtualfitnesstrainer.com should always consult appropriate health professionals on any matter relating to their health and well being before taking any action of any kind concerning health related issues. Any information or opinions provided here or in any virtualfitnesstrainer.com related articles, materials or information are believed to be accurate and sound, however virtualfitnesstrainer.com assumes no liablitiy for the use or misuse of information found on virtualfitnesstrainer.com.
Niether any personnel or associates of virtualfitnesstrainer.com will in any way be held responsible on behalf of any reader who fails to consult the appropriate health authorities with respect to their individual health care before acting on or using any information or products found on virtualfitnesstrainer.com, and niether the author or publisher of any information found on virtualfitnesstrainer.com will be held responsible for errors or omissions, or use or misuse of the information or products found on virtualfitnesstrainer.com.
Links and Marks
The owner of this site is not necessarily affiliated with sites that may be linked to this site and is not responsible for their content. The linked sites are for your convenience only and you access them at your own risk. Links to other websites or references to products, services or publications other than those of virtualfitnesstrainer.com and its subsidiaries and affiliates at this website, do not imply the endorsement or approval of such websites, products, services or publications by virtualfitnesstrainer.com or its subsidiaries and affiliates.
Certain names, graphics, logos, icons, designs, words, titles or phrases at this website may constitute trade names, trademarks or service marks of virtualfitnesstrainer.com or of other entities. The display of trademarks on this website does not imply that a license of any kind has been granted. Any unauthorized downloading, re-transmission, or other copying of modification of trademarks and/or the contents herein may be a violation of federal common law trademark and/or copyright laws and could subject the copier to legal action.
Confidentiality of Codes, Passwords and Information
You agree to treat as strictly private and confidential any Subscriber Code, username, user ID, or password which you may have received from virtualfitnesstrainer.com, and all information to which you have access through password-protected areas of virtualfitnesstrainer.com’s websites and will not cause or permit any such information to be communicated, copied or otherwise divulged to any other person whatsoever.
Jurisdiction and Other Points to Consider
These Terms of Use will apply to every access to http://www.virtualfitnesstrainer.com and http://www.virtualfitnesstrainer.com.au. virtualfitnesstrainer.com reserves the right to issue revisions to these Terms of Use by publishing a revised version of this document on this site: that version will then apply to all use by you following the date of publication. Each access of information from virtualfitnesstrainer.com will be a separate, discrete transaction based on the then prevailing terms.
This Terms of Use and the license granted may not be assigned or sublet by You without virtualfitnesstrainer.com’s written consent in advance.
These Terms of Use shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the Western Australia, as it is applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within such jurisdiction.
To the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate virtualfitnesstrainer.com and/or its affiliates’ intellectual property rights, virtualfitnesstrainer.com and/or its affiliates may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the State of Western Australia, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts.
Any other disputes will be resolved as follows:
If a dispute arises under this agreement, we agree to first try to resolve it with the help of a mutually agreed-upon mediator in the following location: Geraldton, Western Australia. Any costs and fees other than attorney fees associated with the mediation will be shared equally by each of us.
If it proves impossible to arrive at a mutually satisfactory solution through mediation, we agree to submit the dispute to binding arbitration at the following location: Geraldton, Western Australia under the rules of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitration may be entered in any court with jurisdiction to do so.
If any provision of this agreement is void or unenforceable in whole or in part, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby.
Termination
These Terms of Use agreement are effective until terminated by either party. You may terminate this agreement at any time by destroying all materials obtained from any and all http://www.virtualfitnesstrainer.com and http://www.virtualfitnesstrainer.com.au site(s) and all related documentation and all copies and installations thereof, whether made under the terms of this agreement or otherwise. This agreement will terminate immediately without notice at virtualfitnesstrainer.com’s sole discretion, should you fail to comply with any term or provision of this agreement. Upon termination, you must destroy all materials obtained from this site and any and all other http://www.virtualfitnesstrainer.com and http://www.virtualfitnesstrainer.com.au site(s) and all copies thereof, whether made under the terms of this agreement or otherwise.
It’s time, beautiful, to step it up…
Categories
Categories
Select Category
Bodybuilding
Business and Body
Business With Soul
Cardio
Contest Prep
Entrepreneurial Chicks Fitness
Exercise Equipment
Exercise Instruction
Fat Loss
Featured
Fitness Articles
Fitness Downloads
Fitness Motivation
Fitness Q and A
FUN HOT No BS Fitness Magazine Issues
Healthy Eating
HOT Rockin Business and Body Podcast Show
Jobs At VFT
Legs Butt Thighs Hips
Members Updates
Mindset
Muscle Building
Online Personal Fitness Training
Recipe
ROCKSTAR Business and Body Reality Show
Six Pack Abs
Skin Care
Stretches
Training Supplements
Ultimate YOU
Uncut Business Money and Body Podcast
VFT Fitness Experts
Webinars
WeightLoss
Workouts
Copyright © 2026 -
Whitelisting
-
Affiliate Disclosure
-
Personal Fitness Training Release of Liability
-
Privacy Policy
-
Terms Of Use
-
Sitemap
Recommend this post
You can recommend this post to several users by putting 1 email on each line
Recommend This Post