Terms & Conditions

For questions, reach out to mediainquiries@whopper.com

Burger King Newsroom Terms & Conditions

All images and photos are for editorial use by press agencies, journalists, and students in connection with broadcast media and newspaper, news magazine, trade publication, and educational articles about Burger King. Any other use of these materials is strictly prohibited and will require express written permission from Burger King Company LLC. Please reach out to mediainquiries@whopper.com to coordinate such permissions.

The materials posted on this Burger King website are available only for editorial use by press agencies, journalists, and students in connection with broadcast media and newspaper, news magazine, trade publication, and educational articles about the Burger King® brand, Burger King Company LLC and its products and services. Any other use of these materials is strictly prohibited and will require express written permission from Burger King Company LLC. Please reach out to mediainquiries@bk.com to coordinate such permissions. All materials posted on the Burger King newsroom at https://news.bk.com are and remain the property of Burger King Company LLC. Your use of any materials posted on the Burger King newsroom is also subject to the https://www.bk.com/terms-of-service and https://www.bk.com/privacy-policy.

Guidelines and Restrictions for the Use Burger King® Trademarks and Logos

The Burger King trademarks, service marks, logos, and copyrights (collectively, “Marks”) are important assets to the company and represent the brand quality and consistency that we have developed with our guests over the course of many years. We ask journalists, press agencies, educational outlets, students and other media organizations who would like to use the Burger King Marks in connection with news stories and reports to observe the following guidelines and restrictions: The Marks may not be copied or distributed apart from the applicable article or broadcast. You may not redistribute the Marks in hard copy or electronic form for others to use or copy. You may not modify the form, color or design of any Marks. You may not animate or otherwise distort the appearance of any Marks. You may not cut off or cover up any portion of the Marks. The Marks must stand alone and should not be combined with any other logos, elements or designs.When using the Marks in publications that will be distributed only in the United States, include the appropriate trademark symbol (® or TM as applicable) following the first or most prominent use.Use the correct generic name or descriptor immediately following the first mention of the Mark in text (such as “Whopper sandwich”).If using Marks in publications that will be distributed outside the United States, do not include trademark symbols. Instead, use an appropriate trademark attribution notice, for example: BURGER KING and HOME OF THE WHOPPER are trademarks of Burger King Company LLC, registered in the U.S. and other countries.

Recent Posts
Burger King® Puts Its President on the Line, Giving Guests Direct Access to Share Feedback
February 17, 2026
Burger King® Kicks Off the Year with a New Guest-Inspired Creation: The Ultimate Steakhouse Whopper®
January 6, 2026
Burger King® Invites Guests to Dive Into a Sea of Flavor with All-New SpongeBob™ Movie Menu
December 1, 2025
Follow Us
Quick Links
Trademarks
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Cookie Settings
Accessibility
TM & © 2026 Burger King Corporation
This website uses cookies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. Select Cookie Settings for more information. By accessing or continuing to use our site, you agree to our Terms Of Service and our Privacy Policy, which may impact certain important rights.
Cookie Settings
Your Opt-Out Preference Signal is Honored
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information & Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising
We may use personal information to support “targeted advertising,” “selling,” or “sharing” of personal information, as defined by applicable privacy laws, which may result in third parties receiving your personal information. Some states provide their residents with the right to opt out of these activities. You or your legally authorized agent can move the toggle below to the [left/right] to opt out of these activities on this digital property consistent with applicable law. If you opt out, you may continue to see advertising, including ads that may be based on personal information processed before you opted out. This opt-out will apply to “selling” and “sharing” of information linked to your browser identifier only and not linked to any account information. To opt out of the “selling” and “sharing” of personal information tied to your account, please make the change in your Account Settings. To learn more about options to opt out, please visit our privacy policy below:
More information
Allow All
Selling, Sharing, Targeted Advertising
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active

These cookies are essential for enabling user movement around our website and providing access to features such as your profile and purchases, log in credentials, and other areas of the website. These cookies are necessary to enable the basic features of this site to function, such as providing secure log-in, allowing images to load, or allowing you to select your cookie preferences. This category of cookies cannot be disabled.

View Cookies Details
Sell or Share My Personal Information / Opt-in to Targeted Advertising
Sell or Share My Personal Information / Opt-in to Targeted Advertising

Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale of personal information by using this toggle switch. If you opt out we will not be able to offer you personalised ads and will not hand over your personal information to any third parties. Additionally, you may contact our legal department for further clarification about your rights as a California consumer by using this Exercise My Rights link.

If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we have to take that as a valid request to opt-out. Therefore we would not be able to track your activity through the web. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences.

Targeting Cookies
Switch Label
label

Targeting cookies are used to understand user behavior across our websites. These cookies are also used to show ads that are more relevant to your interests. We may share this information with advertising platforms to help us display the most relevant messages to you. These cookies may also store information on user behavior obtained through their browsing habits, which allows us to develop a specific profile and display advertisements appropriate to your profile.

Performance Cookies
Switch Label
label

Performance cookies help us to understand how visitors interact with our website by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Any information collected by means of this type of cookies is used to measure activity on any website, application or platform, for the purposes of introducing improvements in function of the analysis of the data regarding the service use made by users.

View Cookies Details
Cookie List

 
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply Cancel
Consent Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Confirm My Choices