Terms and Conditions
Acceptance of terms
The BookmyShow.com website ("Website") is an internet based entertainment ticketing portal owned and operated by Bigtree Entertainment Private Limited ("Bigtree"), a company incorporated under the laws of India, with its registered office at Gr. Floor, Wajeda House, Gulmohar Cross 7. Juhu Scheme, Mumbai 400049.

Through the Website, Bigtree shall provide you ("User") entertainment-related information, pricing, availability and reservations for ticket for cinemas, plays, concerts, sports events across cities and rural areas throughout India ("Service"), as more particularly described and defined in the terms of service ("TOS") relating to such Service, This Service may be availed by the User, his family members

This User Agreement ("Agreement") sets out the terms and conditions on which Bigtree shall provide the Services to the User through the Website. In addition to this Agreement and depending on the Services opted for by the User, the User shall be required to read and accept the relevant TOS for such Service, which may be updated or modified by Bigtree from time to time. Such TOS shall be deemed to be a part of this Agreement and in the event of a conflict between such TOS and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.

Use of the Website is offered to the User conditioned on acceptance without modification of all the terms, conditions and notices contained in this Agreement and the TOS, as may be posted on the Website from time to time. For the removal of doubts, it is clarified that use of the Website by the User constitutes an acknowledgement and acceptance by the User of this Agreement and the TOS. If the User does not agree with any part of such terms, conditions and notices, the User must not use the Website.

Additionally, the Service Provider may provide terms and guidelines that govern particular features, offers or the operating rules and policies applicable to each Service (for example, movie tickets, gift vouchers, Combo's, etc.). The User shall be responsible for ensuring compliance with the terms and guidelines or operating rules and policies of the Service Provider with whom the User elects to deal, including terms and conditions set forth in a Service Providers. In the event that any of the terms, conditions and notices contained in this Agreement or the TOS conflict with the additional/other terms and guidelines specified by the Service Provider, then the latter terms/guidelines shall prevail.
Modification of terms
Bigtree reserves the right to change the terms, conditions and notices under which the Services are offered through the Website, including but not limited to the charges for the Services provided through the Website. The User shall be responsible for regularly reviewing these terms and conditions.
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy - BookMyShow India

The User hereby consents, expresses and agrees that he has read and fully understands the Privacy Policy of Bigtree in respect of the Website, The User further consents that the terms and contents of such Privacy Policy are acceptable to him.

Any customer grievances can be reported to the Grievance Officer specifically dedicated to address all customer concerns. You may contact the Grievance Officer at allears@bookmyshow.com


Privacy Policy - BookMyShow Sri Lanka

Users accessing BookMyShow from Sri Lanka are governed by a separate privacy policy. Please visit https://lk.bookmyshow.com/privacy to review the privacy policy applicable to BookMyShow Sri Lanka.
Limited user
The User agrees and undertakes not to sell, trade or resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of the Service. For the removal of doubt, it is clarified that the Website is not for commercial use but is specifically meant for personal use only.

The User further agrees and undertakes not to reverse engineer, modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products or services obtained from the Website. For the removal of doubt, it is clarified that unlimited or wholesale reproduction, copying of the content for commercial or non-commercial purposes and unwarranted modification of data and information within the content of the Website is not permitted.
Disclaimer of warranties/Limitation of liability
Bigtree has endeavored to ensure that all the information on the website is correct, but Bigtree neither warrants nor makes any representations regarding the quality, accuracy or completeness of any data or information contained. Bigtree makes no warranty, express or implied, concerning the website and/or its contents and disclaims all warranties of fitness for a particular purpose and warranties of merchantability in respect of services, including any liability, responsibility or any other claim, whatsoever, in respect of any loss, whether direct or consequential, to any user or any other person, arising out of or from the use of the information contained in the website.

Since Bigtree acts only as a booking agent, it shall not have any liability whatsoever for any aspect of the arrangements between the service provider and the user as regards the standards of services provided by the service providers. In no circumstances shall Bigtree be liable for the services provided by the service provider.

Although Bigtree makes reasonable commercial efforts to ensure that the description and content in the TOS and on each page of the website is correct, it does not, however, take responsibility for changes that occurred due to human or data entry errors or for any loss or damages suffered by any user due to any information contained herein. Also, Bigtree is not the service provider and cannot therefore control or prevent changes in the published descriptions which are based upon information provided by

Bigtree does not endorse any advertiser on its website in any manner. The users are requested to verify the accuracy of all information on their own before undertaking any reliance on such information.

In no event shall Bigtree be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential damages or any other damages resulting from: (a) the use or the inability to use the services; (b) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services or resulting from any goods, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through the services; (c) unauthorized access to or alteration of the user's transmissions or data; (d) any other matter relating to the services; including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of the website. Neither shall Bigtree be responsible for the delay or inability to use the website or related services, the provision of or failure to provide services, or for any information, software, products, services and related graphics obtained through the website, or otherwise arising out of the use of the website, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise. further, Bigtree shall not be held responsible for non-availability of the website during periodic maintenance operations or any unplanned suspension of access to the website that may occur due to technical reasons or for any reason beyond Bigtree's control. the user understands and agrees that any material and/or data downloaded or otherwise obtained through the website is done entirely at their own discretion and risk and they will be solely responsible for any damage to their computer systems or loss of data that results from the download of such material and/or data. These limitations, disclaimer of warranties and exclusions apply without regard to whether the damages arise from (a) breach of contract, (b) breach of warranty, (c) negligence, or (d) any other cause of action, to the extent such exclusion and limitations are not prohibited by applicable law. the maximum liability on part of Bigtree arising under any circumstances, in respect of any services offered on the site, shall be limited to the refund of total amount received from the customer for availing the services less any cancellation, refund or others charges, as may be applicable. in no case the liability shall include any consequential loss, damage or additional expense whatsoever.
Links to third party sites
The Website may contain links to other websites ("Linked Sites"). The Linked Sites are not under the control of Bigtree or the Website and Bigtree is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. Bigtree is not responsible for any form of transmission, whatsoever, received by the User from any Linked Site. Bigtree is providing these links to the User only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Bigtree or the Website of the Linked Sites or any association with its operators or owners including the legal heirs or assigns thereof.

Bigtree is not responsible for any errors, omissions or representations on any Linked Site. Bigtree does not endorse any advertiser on any Linked Site in any manner. The Users are requested to verify the accuracy of all information on their own before undertaking any reliance on such information.
Prohibition against unlawful use
As a condition of the use of the Website, the User warrants that they will not use the Website for any purpose that is unlawful or illegal under any law for the time being in force within or outside India or prohibited by this Agreement and/or the TOS including both specific and implied. In addition, the Website shall not be used in any manner, which could damage, disable, overburden or impair it or interfere with any other party's use and/or enjoyment of the Website. The User shall refrain from obtaining or attempting to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for or through the Website.
Use of communication services
The Website may contain services such as email, chat, WhatsApp, bulletin board services, information related to recommendations, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Communication Services"). The User agrees and undertakes to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service.

By way of example, and not as a limitation, the User agrees and undertakes that when using a Communication Service, the User will not: defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights of others;

Upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws unless the User owns or controls the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents;

Upload or distribute files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of the Website or another's computer;

Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages;

Conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters;

Download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that the User know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner;

Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded;

Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines, which may be applicable for or to any particular Communication Service;

Violate any applicable laws or regulations for the time being in force in or outside India; and violate any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement or any other terms and conditions for the use of the Website contained elsewhere herein.

Bigtree has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, Bigtree reserves the right to review materials posted through Communication Service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. Bigtree reserves the right to terminate the User's access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.

Bigtree reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as is necessary to satisfy or comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in Bigtree's sole discretion.

Bigtree does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any communication service and, therefore, Bigtree specifically disclaims any liability or responsibility whatsoever with regard to the communication services and any actions resulting from the user's participation in any communication service.

Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination. User is responsible for keeping himself updated of and adhering to such limitations if they download the materials.
Termination/Access restriction
Bigtree reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate the access to the website and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice.
Fees payment
Bigtree reserves the right to charge listing fees for certain listings, as well as transaction fees based on certain completed transactions using the Bigtree Services. Bigtree further reserves the right to alter any and all fees from time to time, without notice.

The User shall be liable to pay all applicable charges, fees, duties, taxes, levies and assessments for availing the Bigtree Services.
User's obligation and user account
In consideration of use of the Website, the User represent and confirm that the User is of legal age to enter into a binding contract and is not a person barred from using the Website and/or receiving the Services under the laws of India or other applicable law.

To avail a Service the User has and must continue to maintain at his sole cost: (a) all the necessary equipments including a computer and modem etc. to access the Website/avail Services (b) own access to the World Wide Web. The User shall be responsible for accessing the Services and that access may involve third party fees including, airtime charges or internet service provider's charges which are to be exclusively borne by the User.

The user also understands that the services may include certain communications from Bigtree as service announcements and administrative messages. the user understands and agrees that the services are provided on an "as is" basis and that Bigtree does not assume any responsibility for deletions, miss-delivery or failure to store any user communications or personalized settings.

Registration of the User on the Website is optional. If the User opts to register himself on the Website, upon completion of the registration process, the User shall receive a user id and password. The User agrees and undertakes at all times to be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and user id, and shall be fully responsible for all activities that occur by use of such password or user id. Further, the User agrees not to use any other party's user id and password for any purpose whatsoever without proper authorization from such party. You are responsible for the security of your password and for all transactions undertaken using your password through our service. The Password entered by you is transmitted in one- way encrypted form to our database and stored as such. Thus the Password will not be known even to Bigtree. You confirm that you are the authorised holder of the credit card or the original account holder used in the transactions you make using the Bigtree services. Bigtree will not be responsible for any financial loss, inconvenience or mental agony resulting from misuse of your ID/password/credit card number/account details number for using Bigtree Services.

The user also agrees and undertakes to immediately notify bigtree of any unauthorized use of the user's password or user id and to ensure that the user logs off at the end of each session at the website. Bigtree shall not be responsible for any, direct or indirect, loss or damage arising out of the user's failure to comply with this requirement.

The User also agrees to: (a) provide true, accurate and complete information about himself and his beneficiaries as prompted by the registration form ("Registration Data") on the Website; and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If the User provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete or Bigtree has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Bigtree has the right to suspend or terminate the User's registration and refuse any and all current or future use of the Website and/or any Service.

Furthermore, the User grants Bigtree the right to disclose to third parties Registration Data to the extent necessary for the purpose of carrying out the Services.
Breach
Without prejudice to the other remedies available to Bigtree under this agreement, the TOS or under applicable law, Bigtree may limit the user's activity, or end the user's listing, warn other users of the user's actions, immediately temporarily/indefinitely suspend or terminate the user's registration, and/or refuse to provide the user with access to the website if:
(a) the user is in breach of this agreement, the tos and/or the documents it incorporates by reference;
(b) bigtree is unable to verify or authenticate any information provided by the user; or
(c) bigtree believes that the user's actions may infringe on any third party rights or breach any applicable law or otherwise result in any liability for the user, other users of the website and/or bigtree.

Bigtree may at any time in its sole discretion reinstate suspended users. once the user have been indefinitely suspended the user may not register or attempt to register with bigtree or use the website in any manner whatsoever until such time that the user is reinstated by bigtree. notwithstanding the foregoing, if the user breaches this agreement, the tos or the documents it incorporates by reference, bigtree reserves the right to recover any amounts due and owing by the user to bigtree and/or the service provider and to take strict legal action as bigtree deems necessary.
Proprietary rights
Bigtree may provide the User with content such as sound, photographs, graphics, video or other material contained in sponsor advertisements or information. This material may be protected by copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property rights and laws. The User may use this material only as expressly authorized by Bigtree and shall not copy, transmit or create derivative works of such material without express authorization from Bigtree.

The User acknowledges and agrees that they shall not upload, post, reproduce or distribute any content on or through the Website that is protected by copyright or other proprietary right of a third party, without obtaining the permission of the owner of such right. Any copyrighted or other proprietary content distributed on or through the Website with the consent of the owner must contain the appropriate copyright or other proprietary rights notice. The unauthorized submission or distribution of copyrighted or other proprietary content is illegal and could subject the User to personal liability or criminal prosecution.
Relationship
None of the provisions of this Agreement, terms and conditions, notices or the right to use the Website by the User contained herein or any other section or pages of the Website and/or the Linked Sites, shall be deemed to constitute a partnership between the User and Bigtree and no party shall have any authority to bind or shall be deemed to be the agent of the other in any way. It may be noted, however, that if by using the Website, the User authorizes Bigtree and its agents to access third party sites designated by them or on their behalf for retrieving requested information, the User shall be deemed to have appointed Bigtree and its agents as their agent for this purpose.
Headings
The headings and subheadings herein are included for convenience and identification only and are not intended to describe, interpret, define or limit the scope, extent or intent of this Agreement, the TOS or the right to use the Website by the User contained herein or any other section or pages of the Website or any Linked Sites in any manner whatsoever.
Interpretation of number and genders
The terms and conditions herein shall apply equally to both the singular and plural form of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine and feminine. The words "include", "includes" and "including" shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase "without limitation". Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms "herein", "hereof", "hereto", "hereunder" and words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole.
Indemnification
The User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Bigtree from and against any and all losses, liabilities, claims, damages, costs and expenses (including legal fees and disbursements in connection therewith and interest chargeable thereon) asserted against or incurred by Bigtree that arise out of, result from, or may be payable by virtue of, any breach or non-performance of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made or obligation to be performed by the User pursuant to this Agreement and/or the TOS.
Severability
If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, such invalidity or unenforceability shall attach only to such provision or part of such provision and the remaining part of such provision and all other provisions of this Agreement shall continue to be in full force and effect.
Termination of agreement and services
Either the User or Bigtree may terminate this Agreement and a Service with or without cause at any time to be effective immediately.

The User agrees that Bigtree may under certain circumstances and without prior notice, immediately terminate the User's user id and access to the Website/Services. Causes for termination may include, but shall not be limited to, breach by the User of this Agreement or the TOS, requests by enforcement or government agencies, requests by the User, non-payment of fees owed by the User in connection with the Services as specified in the applicable TOS.

This Agreement may be terminated by either the User or Bigtree through a written notice to the other. Bigtree shall not be liable to the User or any third party for termination of any Service. Should the User object to any terms and conditions of this Agreement, any TOS or become dissatisfied with the Service in any way, the User's only recourse is to immediately: (a) discontinue use of the Website/Service; and (b) notify Bigtree of such discontinuance.

Upon termination of the Service, User's right to use the Website/Services and software shall immediately cease. The User shall have no right and Bigtree shall have no obligation thereafter to execute any of the User's uncompleted tasks or forward any unread or unsent messages to the User or any third party. Once the User's registration or the Services are terminated, cancelled or suspended, any data that the User has stored on the Website may not be retrieved later.
Notices
All notices and communications (including those related to changes in the TOS, Service, termination of Service etc.,) shall be in writing, in English and shall deemed given if delivered personally or by commercial messenger or courier service, or mailed by registered or certified mail (return receipt requested) or sent via email/facsimile (with acknowledgment of complete transmission) to the following address:
If to Bigtree, at notice@Bookmyshow.com or at the address posted on the Website.
If to a non registered User, at the communication and/or email address specified in the application form availing of a Bigtree Service.
If to a registered User, at the communication and/or email address specified in the registration form.

Notice shall be deemed to have been served 48 hours after it has been sent, dispatched, displayed, as the case may be, unless, where notice has been sent by email, it comes to the knowledge of the sending party, that the email address is invalid.
Governing law
This agreement and each TOS shall be governed by and constructed in accordance with the laws of india without reference to conflict of laws principles and disputes arising in relation hereto shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Mumbai.
Purchase Policy
Payment Methods

BookMyShow accepts Visa, MasterCard, American Express, select Debit Cards and Net Banking. Other payment methods may be added from time to time.
Who You Are Buying From
Bookmyshow acts as the agent to those who are promoting the events for which you purchase tickets ("Event Organizer") and for movie halls (Cinemas). When you purchase a ticket for an event/movie, Bookmyshow will be handling the transaction and collecting payment for the organizer/Cinema
Pricing and Availability
Bookmyshow sells tickets on behalf of Event organizers/Cinemas and does not control the inventory or its availability and pricing.

Age Limit

Rest of the cities: Children aged 3 years and above will require a separate ticket.
INOX: Z Square, Bada Chauraha, Kanpur: Children aged above 5 years will require a separate ticket.
KT Vision, Vasai, All Carnival cinemas, Mumbai: Children aged 2 years and above will require a separate ticket.
SRS Cinemas:

State
Punjab	5 Years & above
Himachal Pradesh	3 Years & above
Haryana	3 Years & above
UP	5 Years & above
Rajasthan	3 Years & above
Uttarakhand	5 Years & above
Jarakhand	3 Years & above
Bihar	3 Years & above


Internet handling fees and Order Processing Fees
Tickets purchased on Bookmyshow are subject to a per ticket internet handling fee and a non-refundable per order processing fee.

Amount of Tickets Per Customer or "Ticket Limits"
When purchasing tickets on Bookmyshow you are limited to a specified number of tickets for each event/movie.

Censor warning
Please check the censor warning before buying the tickets. Children below the age of 18 will not be allowed entry for an {A} rated movie. Also please check for any additional ratings/entry restrictions that may be applicable for events/movies from time to time.

Order Confirmation
If you do not receive a confirmation number (in the form of a confirmation page or email) after submitting payment information, or if you experience an error message or service interruption after submitting payment information, it is your responsibility to confirm the same form your booking history or with the Customer Service Department whether or not your order has been placed. Only you may be aware of any problems that may occur during the purchase process. Bookmyshow will not be responsible for losses (monetary or otherwise) if you assume that an order was not placed because you failed to receive confirmation.

Refunds and Exchanges
Before purchasing tickets, carefully review your booking details. Bookmyshow will be unable to process exchanges or refunds after a ticket has been purchased or for lost, stolen, damaged or destroyed tickets.

Billing Information Verification
Some Orders will be processed only after a billing address, and other billing information, has been verified. Occasionally, we receive incorrect billing or credit card account information for a ticket order that can delay processing and delivery. In these cases, Bookmyshow customer service will attempt to contact you, using the information provided at the time of purchase. If Bookmyshow is unable to reach you after its initial attempt, Bookmyshow may cancel your order and may sell your tickets to another customer.

Delivery
Bookmyshow offers multiple delivery options. The options may vary from for different events/movies. Currently the following delivery options are available:

Email confirmation:Your booking confirmation will be sent via an email. This confirmation needs to be printed and shown at the ticket counter to get a physical ticket.

SMS confirmation:Your booking confirmation will be sent via an SMS. The SMS details need to be shown at the ticket counter to get a physical ticket. Bookmyshow may chose to send the physical tickets for the event/movie. Delivery will be attempted twice before canceling your transaction

Important
In all the cases you will need to produce the credit/debit card used to purchase the tickets for picking up the tickets at the venue. In case the credit/debit card user is not picking up the tickets, an authorization with the photocopy of this credit/debit card signed by the credit/debit card holder need to be produced at the time of picking up the tickets. Please note that signature on the card must match the signature used for authorization. Physical Tickets will be delivered to your address confirmed on the website.

Pricing and Other Errors
If the amount you pay for a ticket is incorrect regardless of whether because of an error in a price posted on this web site or otherwise communicated to you, or you are able to order a ticket before its scheduled on-sale or presale date or you are able to order a ticket that was not supposed to have been released for sale, then: BookMyShow will have the right to cancel that ticket (or the order for that ticket) and refund to you the amount that you paid. This will apply regardless of whether because of human error or a transactional malfunction of this web site.

Cancelled/Postponed Events
Events or movies may be changed or cancelled by the organizer/cinema. We will try to contact you and refund as per their policy. Showtime, venue and other details may change without notice for operational reasons.

Customer Care
If you need help regarding your order or any other issue, the best in the company is available. We guarantee a response time of one working day and you can email us to reach our customer service department.

Gift Vouchers

Bookmyshow vouchers are issued by bookmyshow and may only be redeemed through our website, www.bookmyshow.com towards the purchase of movie tickets on bookmyshow.com for participating theaters located in India. Gift Vouchers cannot be redeemed directly at any of our partner theaters, or any other website operated by third-party merchants accessible from our site.

If the available amount on a Bookmyshow vouchers claim code is LESS than the transaction amount, the balance of the order must be paid with a valid credit card.

In addition to these Bookmyshow vouchers Terms and Conditions, Bookmyshow vouchers and their use on our website are also subject to bookmyshow's general Terms of Use. You agree to comply with the Terms of Use.

Bookmyshow is not responsible for lost or stolen Bookmyshow vouchers, except as required by law. In certain circumstances, bookmyshow may replace or cancel lost or stolen Bookmyshow vouchers with proof of purchase acceptable to bookmyshow.

Bookmyshow may change (add to, delete, or amend) these terms from time to time. Unless we state otherwise, the changes will apply to any new Bookmyshow vouchers that you purchase.

Bookmyshow vouchers are for personal, non-commercial use and enjoyment only. They may be shared with family and friends, but may not be advertised, sold or used as promotional items by the purchaser or anyone else without bookmyshow´s prior written consent. Your purchase or use of Bookmyshow vouchers will be deemed your agreement to these terms.
Buyer beware
Read Through our Terms and Conditions Carefully.
Accepting the Terms and conditions while booking a ticket online makes it a valid contract between you and us.

Booking Id's generated only through in.bookmyshow.com shall be considered by us as a valid Booking Id.

Ensure the personal details entered including the card details are accurate. Booking Id's once generated cannot be cancelled/refunded/exchanged.

Ensure the Booking Id's are kept safe and always in your or such person's possession who is considered as your authorized/rightful holder of the same. Anybody in possession of the Booking Id shall be entitled to get the same exchanged for a valid Ticket without further security checks on the title of such holder.

Ensure that the Booking Id's are not compromised or resold.

Do not entertain any person who sells print outs or sms of Booking Id's generated by us. If you come across any person undertaking such activity, immediately report the same to the local police station and to us at support.bookmyshow.com

We never sell a Ticket at a price higher than the price mentioned in our website.

We will never ask for your Personal Identification Number (PIN) details over the phone or through any means except through the transaction page on the website when you book online.

Do not encourage any persons posing as our authorised representative/agent trying to sell you special offer voucher/gift vouchers/physically printed booking id's/winpins/voucher ecodes etc. Report the same immediately to us at support.bookmyshow.com

Booking Id's generated by us entitles the holder to exchange it for a valid Ticket. The same does not constitute a valid Ticket in itself. We will never sell you Booking Id's as Tickets.

Booking Id's generated entitled the holder thereof to a valid ticket. It is your responsibility to ensure that the holder is the rightful holder of the same. Do not compromise or misuse the Booking ID's.
Prohibited electronic equipments
Customers are advised to avoid carrying Laptops, Handycams, iPads, Tablets and Digital Cameras to the cinema hall. Customers can, however, keep their mobile phones with them.
Terms and Conditions for Local Deliveries
Orders will be delivered within 15 working days.
The above products will delivered through Aramex Couriers.
The above product will be delivered all over India.
No Deliveries on National Holidays and Sundays.
We cannot commit exact date of delivery for courier products.
Courier product will reach in advance/late within 15-20 days as per date of delivery.
Terms and Conditions for Cinema Loyalty Program
Terms and Conditions Club Cinépolis Loyalty Program
The Club Cinepolis Loyalty Program is operated by Cinepolis India Private Limited (“Cinepolis”). To avail membership to the Cinepolis Loyalty Program the User has to transact on Big Tree Entertainment Private Limited (“BookMyShow/Bigtree”) ticket booking website (www.bookmyshow.com) and mobile application and purchase movie tickets for any movie exhibited at Cinepolis cinema. The User shall then be auto enrolled for the Cinepolis Loyalty Program and shall receive 1 point for every ₹15/- spent on booking tickets on the Platform for Cinepolis Cinemas.

The User’s BookMyShow registered mobile number will be the unique identifier for the Club Cinepolis membership for the Cinepolis Loyalty Program. By accepting the terms of the Club Cinepolis Loyalty program you hereby give consent to BookMyShow to share your registered mobile number with Cinepolis India and such sharing shall in no event be in violation of / breach of the applicable provisions under the Information Technology Act, 2000.

The points received after 1st of April of any calendar year are valid until the 31st of March of the next calendar year. On the 1st of April, the unused points received since 1st of April of the previous year will be lost and the point balance will be set to zero.

The points are redeemable at Cinépolis cinemas only.

The points cannot be redeemed for cash.

The points are non-transferable to another member.

Cinepolis reserves the right, without limitation, to change, limit, modify or cancel rules relating to the Membership.

If a Club Cinépolis member is found to be misusing the program and its benefits, his or her membership may be cancelled, or the person may be barred from using the program and BookMyShow shall in no way be responsible for the same.

BookMyShow shall not be responsible for any loss, expiration, loss or theft of Club Cinépolis points.

Membership benefits are offered at the discretion of Cinépolis including but not limited to issuance, redemption process, refund, cancellation and point accumulation and the same is between the User and Cinepolis and the User agrees that BookMyShow shall in no way be responsible for any claims, disputes or loss arising out of such Membership.

BookMyShow shall in no event be held responsible for any claims/liabilities / costs/ disputes, loss arising out of availing the Club Cinepolis Membership benefits offered by Cinepolis through the said Membership and the User hereby expressly waives all his rights to make BookMyShow responsible either directly or indirectly while using or transacting through Platform.

BookMyShow is acts as an intermediary and there is no liability on BookMyShow in relation to the services/offerings and/or membership terms and conditions offered by Cinepolis.

In case User wishes to opt out of the Club Cinepolis Loyalty Program the same shall be as per the process sent out by Cinepolis to the concerned User.
Payment Methods
Bigtree respects your privacy and recognizes the need to protect the personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified, such as name, address, and telephone number) you share with us. We would like to assure you that we follow appropriate standards when it comes to protecting your privacy on our web sites.

In general, you can visit bookmyshow website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We track the Internet address of the domains from which people visit us and analyze this data for trends and statistics, but the individual user remains anonymous.

Some of our web pages use "cookies" so that we can better serve you with customized information when you return to our site. Cookies are identifiers which a web site can send to your browser to keep on your computer to facilitate your next visit to our site. You can set your browser to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the option to decide whether or not to accept it. The information we collect and analyze is used to improve our service to you.

We may collect certain information as provided below –

Personally identifiable information that you provide us such as name, e-mail, physical address, telephone number; and information that we collect using cookies, SDKs, and other technologies on our website and/or mobile application such as IP address through which the BookMyShow website and/or mobile application is accessed, including device information, location and network carrier (together, “Information”).

We may use the Information for behavioural analytics and personalization. Bigtree may share the Information with any third parties that integrate with our API or services, or those with an API or service with which we integrate.

It is our intent to inform you before we do that and to tell you what we intend to do with the Information. Generally, you will have the option not to provide the personally identifiable information, and in the future you will be able to opt out; of certain uses of the Information. If you choose not to provide the Information we request, you can still visit the Bookmyshow website, but you may be unable to access certain options, offers and services.

Bigtree will not sell, trade or disclose to third parties any information derived from the registration for, or use of, any online service (including names and addresses) without the consent of the user or customer (except as required by law, regulation, subpoena, search warrant, or other applicable legal process or in the case of imminent physical harm to the user or others). Bigtree will allow its suppliers to access the information for purposes of confirming your registration and providing you with benefits you are entitled to.

Bigtree will take appropriate steps to protect the Information you share with us. We have implemented technology and security features and strict policy guidelines to safeguard the privacy of your personally identifiable information from unauthorized access and improper use or disclosure. Bigtree will continue to enhance our security procedures as new technology becomes available.

If our privacy policy changes in the future, it will be posted here and a new effective date will be shown. You should access our privacy policy regularly to ensure you understand our current policies. Please reference the privacy policy in your subject line. Bigtree will attempt to respond to all reasonable concerns or inquiries within five business days of receipt.
Copyright 2026 © Bigtree Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
BMS Credit
BMS Credit or BMS Credits refers to the amount that may be funded by Bookmyshow (BMS) for select customers, with the objective of promoting use of Co-Branded Bookmyshow Wallet Accounts issued by RBL Bank ("Bookmyshow Wallet") on the Bookmyshow website / mobile application. Selection of customers would be entirely at the discretion of Bookmyshow.

BMS Credit is subject to the following terms and conditions.
BMS Credit merely represents the amount that would be funded by Bookmyshow. BMS Credit balance would be displayed separately along with the customer’s wallet credit balance. For removal of doubts, it is hereby clarified that BMS Credit does not in any way represent balance in Bookmyshow wallet.
The balance will be available to the select customers for utilization up to a certain number of days from the date of issue (“the eligible period”). This validity period is normally 60 days but can vary from promotion to promotion, and the same will be communicated to you in the communication you receive on the same, or on the promotion T&Cs page. The amount awarded as BMS Credit shall not be available for utilization after such period. Utilization of BMS Credit shall only be available for a few selected services on the Bookmyshow website / mobile application.
Status and expiry dates of BMS Credits can be checked on your wallet profile page. It is the customer's responsibility to check for and use credits that are due to expire, and BMS shall not be held responsible for failing to warn customers through email, sms or other means of communication before these credits expire.
BMS Credit amount is non- transferable and cannot be encashed.
In order to use BMS Credit, Customer shall be required to log in to his Wallet Account and while booking the ticket, BMS Credit available will be consumed first and funds loaded by the customer will be consumed next.
In event of cancellation of any booking involving BMS Credit, the BMS Credit used shall be re- credited the wallet-holder by Bookmyshow.
BMS Credit shall be available for use along with Bookmyshow wallet only on Bookmyshow website / mobile application.
BMS Credits can be used for booking tickets on BookMyShow website and apps. BMS Credits cannot be used for purchase of gift cards and other select merchandise.
BMS Credit shall be granted at the sole discretion of Bookmyshow. Bookmyshow holds the right to cancel all or partial BMS Credit granted to the Customers by Bookmyshow at any point in time without any prior notice.
Bookmyshow shall not be liable for any hacking or unauthorized use of the Customer's account and it shall be the sole responsibility of the Customer to ensure privacy and confidentiality of his/her account details.
In case of any fraud, such as customers creating multiple or false profiles in order to get BMS Credits or referral credits, BMS reserves the full right to block such wallets and / or revoke such credits.
In case of any disputes, Bookmyshow’s decision will be final.
Stream - Terms of Use
Bigtree Entertainment Private Limited (‘Bigtree”, ‘We”, “us”, “our”) owns the website (https://in.bookmyshow.com) and mobile applications. Bigtree through its website and mobile application is providing an additional service under the brand (“BookMyShow Stream”) wherein a user can access movies, series, video content and other entertainment content streamed over the internet to certain devices (“Service”). The website and the mobile application shall be collectively referred to as (“Platform”). These Terms of Use (“TOU”) govern your use of our Service.


By downloading, using or browsing the Platform, you (“User”, “you” or “your”) agree to these Terms of Use. We urge you to please read the terms and conditions carefully before use of the Service on the Platform. These Terms of Use will constitute a legal and binding agreement between the User and Bigtree. If you do not accept the Terms of Use then please do not browse, download or use the Platform in any manner for any purpose.


In consideration of use of the Service, the User represent and confirm that the User is of legal age to enter into a binding contract and is not a person barred from using the Platform or availing the Services under the laws of India or other applicable law. While individuals under the age of 18 years may utilise the Service, they shall do so only under the guidance, supervision and involvement of a parent or guardian as the case may be.


a) User Account
In order to access the Service on the Platform, you will have to register by creating an account with us (an “Account”), which may be authenticated using your mobile number, email ID , User ID or other approved means. To create an Account and participate, you must be 18 years of age or older at the time of registration. If you are minor, then you need to ensure your parent consent to your availing the Services. You will be solely responsible for any activities or actions taken under your Account, whether or not authorized by you. Please notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your Account. We are not liable for any loss or damage from your failure to comply with these requirements. You agree that the information you provide us will be true, accurate, current and complete. By creating an Account you consent to the use of: (i) electronic means to complete the Terms and to provide you with any notices given pursuant to the Terms; and (ii) electronic records to store information related to the Terms or your use of the Services.


b) Service Content
As a part of Service, Bigtree shall transmit third party content as provided by content owner/licensor/producer/aggregator/distributor on "as is" basis without any modification or involvement in creation of such third party content (hereinafter referred to as “Content”). The Content will be made available to Users on video on demand basis for viewing at the User's discretion at a time chosen by the User and download for offline viewing as well. For downloading any Content, the User agrees that: (a) the downloads are temporary in order to allow you to view the Content within a specified period of time and you shall not attempt to or actually make a permanent copy of the Content in any manner or form, and (b) not every Content may be available for download for offline viewing. The availability of, and your ability to access, the Content or some part of Services, (a) is subject to Bigtree’s sole discretion and (b) may be dependent upon your geographical location and (c) is on the condition that not all Content or Services will be available to all users.


c) Limited License
Bigtree grants the User a non – exclusive, non – transferable, non – sub- licensable, limited license during the viewing period and subject to payment of the transaction fee, to access and view the Content in accordance with the Terms of Use as mentioned herein under for personal and non – commercial use only. The Content shall be automatically disintegrated from your device upon completion of the viewing period.


d) Access Controls
The Service is available for viewing in the Indian territory only due to certain technical and geographical restrictions imposed by the content providers. Bigtree may use technologies to verify your location in order to verify if the User complies with such restrictions and the User shall not use any means by which his geographical location is disguised.


e) Usage Rules
Your use of the Service is subject to Bigtree’s usage rules which will provide the User with important information regarding the time period during which the User is authorized to view the content and the limitations on the number of viewing as well as the devices restrictions. The Service can be streamed, viewed and accessed only on certain approved devices only. The illustrative list of compatible devices is mentioned here.


f) Purchase and Cancellations
All transactions for the Service are final and Bigtree does not accept any cancellations, however in an event of any genuine technological issues at Bigtree;s end we may under certain circumstances and in our discretion refund such transaction amount to the User. Once the User has started streaming or viewing the content then no cancellations shall be allowed. Hence the User shall make an informed decision before taking any affirmative action in availing of the Service.


g) User Warranty
The User represents and warrants that (i) it shall not copy, transfer, sell, lease, distribute, rent or broadcast any right in and to the Content (ii) remove any anti – piracy warnings, proprietary notices or labels as already available in the Content (iii) attempt to disable, circumvent, modify, reverse – engineer, decompile or defeat any digital rights management or other content protection system used within the Service by Bigtree (iv) or use any Content for illegal or unauthorized purposes (v) use multiple accounts per individual User per device; or (v) use the Services in any unlawful manner, for any unlawful purpose, or in any manner inconsistent with the Terms of Use.


h) Termination
Bigtree may in its discretion revoke or suspend a User’s access to the Service without any notice, if the User is found violating any Terms of Use and without refund of the transaction fee. Bigtree may in its sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing access to the Services, or any part thereof, with or without notice (unless required under applicable law). You agree that Bigtree will not be liable to you or any third party for any such termination or interruption. Upon termination for any reason, you agree to immediately stop using the Service on the Platform and shall also delete all copies of Content that you may have downloaded.


Disclaimer

The views and opinions as displayed in the Content are those of the filmmakers and do not necessarily reflect or represent the views and opinions held by Bigtree. Bigtree may categorize and classify certain Content and provide disclaimers with respect to the Content, for viewers to choose such content for viewing. Some content offered as a part of the Service may be offensive or objectionable and may not be suitable for some users and therefore User discretion is advised. Bigtree does not guarantee the accuracy of such descriptors and the same is provided purely for convenience of the Users in making an informed decision. Also, some Content offered as part of the Service may not be appropriate for viewership by children. Parents and/or legal guardians are advised to comply with applicable laws and exercise discretion before allowing their children and/or wards to access Content on the Platform.


Limitation Of Liability

The User agrees and acknowledges that to the fullest extent as permitted under Law, in no event shall Bigtree or affilates, subsidiaries or their directors, officers, representatives, shareholders, agents, licensors be liable to you or anyone else under any theory of liability (whether in contract, tort, statutory or otherwise,) for any indirect, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of revenues, profits, goodwill and data even if the Parties were such advised of, knew of or should have known the possibility of such damages) resulting from use Service on the Platform or any part thereof.

In no event shall Bigtree’s or the content providers liability to the Users for all damages arising from the use of the Service, information or material as part of the Platform exceed the amount as paid by you to Bigtree for a particular transaction in lieu of which such claim has arisen. In other words the cumulative liability of Bigtree and the content providers shall be limited to the amount per transaction that a User has paid for such disputed transaction. The limitations in this clause will apply even if the remedies fail of their essential purpose.

This clause shall survive termination of the agreement.


Indemnity
User agrees to fully indemnify, defend and hold harmless Bigtree, its affiliates, associates and group companies, and their respective directors, key managerial personnel, employees, officers, shareholders, agents, representatives, sub-contractors, consultants and third-party providers from and against all losses, claims and damages including legal fees, resulting from: (i) your violation of any terms of as mentioned herein; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any publicity, privacy, or intellectual property right; (iv) your breach of any applicable laws; (iv) any unauthorized, improper, illegal or wrongful use of your account by any person, including a third party, whether or not authorized or permitted by you; and (v) your breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking under the agreement or under applicable law. This indemnification obligation will survive the expiry or termination of these user agreement and your use of the service.


Waiver
Failure by Bigtree to insist upon strict performance of any provision as mentioned herein under or the failure by Bigtree to exercise any right or remedy to which we are entitled hereunder shall not constitute a waiver thereof and shall not cause a diminution of the obligations under this or any agreement.


Severability
If any term or condition as mentioned herein under is deemed invalid, void or for any reason unenforceable that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining term or condition.


Governing Law and Jurisdiction
The Courts in Mumbai, Maharashtra shall have exclusive jurisdiction in respect of any matters arising herefrom. Any legal issue/dispute arising out of this Agreement, but not exclusive to the use of the Services (unless otherwise specifically stated) are governed by and in accordance with the laws of India. By using this Website, you agree that any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the performance, breach or termination thereof, shall be finally settled by arbitration in Mumbai in accordance with the provision of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 in English through the sole arbitrator appointed by us. Confidentiality of any and all such arbitration and the entire process shall be the responsibility of both parties.

