This is an important section of the site explaining the terms and conditions you are agreeing to when you use and/or shop from the boots.com website.


Unless otherwise specified, the materials on this website are directed solely at consumers who access this website from the United Kingdom. Boots UK Limited does not represent that any product referred to in the materials on this website is appropriate for use, or available, in other locations. Those who choose to access this site from other locations are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable. You must be at least 13 years of age to sign up for a boots.com account.


Any contract between us, whether for use of the site or in relation to the purchase of products or services through the site will be governed by the laws of England and Wales and all parties submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.


Any contract will be communicated in English.


Where we refer to 'bestselling' products on boots.com, it is based on the number of products sold online during the last seven days. Where a product is labelled 'bestselling', it means its sales have exceeded all others in the particular product list or search field it features in. A 'top-rated product' is a product with the highest star rating based on ratings and reviews made by our customers. Our 'new products' highlight the most recently launched products on boots.com. Our 'featured products' are those we have chosen to highlight and our ’favourite' products are our favourites out of those sold on boots.com.


We have taken every care in the preparation of the content of this website, however we cannot guarantee uninterrupted and totally reliable access to this website, and so therefore cannot guarantee that the information will always be completely up to date and free of mistakes. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Boots UK Limited disclaim all warranties; express or implied, as to the accuracy of the information contained in any of the materials on this website and will accept no liability for any loss or damage arising as a result of problems with access.


Boots UK Limited shall not be liable to any person for any loss or damage, which may arise from the use of any of the information contained in any of the materials on this website.


Certain links, images and assets in this site may lead to other websites which are not under the control of Boots UK Limited. When you activate any of these you will leave the boots.com website and Boots UK Limited has no control over and will accept no responsibility or liability for the material on any website which is not under the control of Boots UK Limited.


We may make software owned or operated by third-party companies available to you. You must only use this software in accordance with the terms and conditions imposed by the third-party provider.


Your correspondence or participation in promotions, or business dealings with advertisers found on or through the website, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such advertisers. You agree that we shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings, or as the result of the presence of such advertisers on this website.


The exclusions of liability set out in these terms and conditions shall not apply to any damages arising from death or personal injury caused by the negligence of Boots UK Limited, or any of their employees or agents.


These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English Law. If any provision of these terms and conditions shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable then that provision shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.


Boots UK Limited reserves the right to alter these terms and conditions from time to time by posting new terms and conditions on this website.


Trademarks
All brand names, product and service names and titles and copyrights used in this site are trademarks, trade names, service marks or copyrights of their respective holders. No permission is given by Boots UK Limited for their use by any person other than the said holders and such use may constitute an infringement of the holders' rights.


Copyright
All designs, text, graphics and their selection and arrangement on this website are the copyright of Boots UK Limited or its content providers. Permission is granted to users to electronically copy or print portions of this site for their own personal, non-commercial use. Any other use of materials on this site without Boots UK Limited prior written consent is strictly prohibited.


Acceptance of orders
Working with industry-leading secure payment processors, we validate your order and the payment details you submit to us before your order can be accepted. Once that has been done, we will acknowledge that your order has been received by sending an email to the email address you provide in your registration form.


Your order is then subject to further validation checks we may choose to make. If your order passes our validation checks we will send you an order confirmation email, this is our acceptance of your order and once despatched brings into existence a legally binding agreement between us.


When your order contains a pharmacy medicine (identified on this site by a [P] symbol) your order will be subject to review by a Boots pharmacist. Subject to this pharmacist's approval, sale of these medicines will then be made by Boots UK Limited.


Boots reserves the right to restrict the number of items available for sale to any individual customer. All orders are subject to availability. If any items are not available and you paid using a debit/credit card or PayPal you will not be charged for the cancelled items. If you paid using an eVoucher or Boots Advantage Card points, you will be given a refund for the amount paid for the items.


We accept payment by most major credit or debit cards and PayPal. Payment will be debited from your account when we despatch your order. We also accept Boots Advantage Card points, which will be debited when the order is placed.


All orders are subject to validation checks and authorisation by the card issuer. We may submit your order to DataCash Fraud Services who securely review orders on behalf of boots.com to eliminate fraud and safeguard our customers’ transactions. We may also submit your address, date of birth and the value of your order to Experian Ltd. We will not be liable for any delays that this may cause to your order. This information may be retained by Experian Ltd for future validation enquiries by other companies. For more details of the information Experian Ltd hold about you, visit http://www.experian.co.uk/. If the issuer of your payment refuses to authorise payment to us, we will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery. Orders can only be delivered to UK addresses, BFPO addresses and stores.


Colour reproduction
Boots.com has made every effort to reproduce colours on the site as accurately as possible. However, different computers and mobile devices reproduce colours in slightly different ways and so exact colour matches are not yet possible over the internet.


This means that when you order products from the shop, colours may differ from what you see on the screen.


If you are not satisfied with the colour of the item you have ordered, we operate a returns policy.


Price information
Boots.com has taken great care to ensure prices are accurate. Prices may change over time, so if you use your previous orders within 'order history' as a way of re-ordering items, prices on your previous order may no longer be valid. However, the correct prices will be applied when the products are added to your current basket.

All prices include VAT where appropriate. Promotions and prices you see in Boots high street stores do not always apply to boots.com, and vice versa.


Prescription medicines
The Online Prescription Delivery Service is provided by Boots UK Limited. For details of the service and for pharmacy FAQs, click here. We may invite you to give feedback on Boots services you’ve used or take part in market research activities such as customer surveys, questionnaires or focus groups. Although, the invitation may be sent to you by third party agencies on our behalf.


Trading name and address
Boots.com is a trading name of Boots UK Limited Registered Office, Nottingham, NG2 3AA. Registered England 928555 VAT number 116 3001 29A member of Walgreens Boots Alliance.


Disposal of waste electrical and electronic equipment and batteries
In the past, most waste electrical and electronic equipment and batteries have ended up in landfill sites, where the toxic materials some of them contain can put communities at risk.


However, facilities now exist for these products to be collected separately from normal household waste and sent for recycling. This enables the hazardous materials to be disposed of safely and other materials to be used to make new products.


So that you can get your waste electrical goods recycled, we have contributed towards a national fund to assist local councils to further develop their existing household recycling centres to deal with this additional waste. To find out more about where you can recycle electrical waste, please visit www.recycle-more.co.uk or contact our free helpline 0800 915 9023.


Waste household batteries can also be disposed of at local council sites or at the special collection points that are in Boots shops and other locations.


All new electrical and electronic products and batteries are now marked with the crossed out wheeled bin symbol to remind consumers to recycle. In the case of batteries this is sometimes accompanied by the letters "Pb", "Cd" or "Hg" to indicate that lead, cadmium or mercury may be present.