Terms of Service
You, the User, are responsible for your use of Bored Panda’s Services (including its website and content submission system), for any Content (including information, text, graphics, photos, videos or other materials uploaded by you to Bored Panda) you post to the Services, and for any consequences thereof. The Content you submit, post, or display will be able to be viewed by other users of the Services and by visitors to the Services from third-party sources. You should only provide Content that you are comfortable sharing with others under these Terms.

You retain your rights to any Content you submit, post or display on or through Bored Panda’s Services. You agree not to contribute any Content that:

1. violates any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity or other right of any other person or entity;

2. you know is untruthful or false;

3. is abusive, threatening, harassing, hateful, offensive, pornographic, offensive, pornographic, contains or depicts nudity, contains or depicts sexual activity, or is otherwise inappropriate;

4. impersonates any person or entity;

5. contains a virus or any other computer programs that are designed or intended to disrupt, damage or interfere with the proper function of any software;

Bored Panda reserves the right to remove any Content you submit at any time.

By submitting, posting or displaying Content on or through Bored Panda’s Services, you grant Bored Panda a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license (with the right to sublicense) to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display and distribute such Content in any and all media or distribution methods (now known or later developed). All Content, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such Content. Bored Panda reserves the right at all times (but will not have an obligation) to remove or refuse to distribute any Content on the Services.

Bored Panda may modify or adapt your Content for editorial reasons or to transmit, display or distribute it over computer networks and in various media and/or make changes to your Content as are necessary to conform and adapt that Content to any editorial or technical requirements or limitations.

Upon deletion of your account, any Content you have submitted, posted, or displayed on or through Bored Panda’s Services may continue to be stored, used, and displayed by Bored Panda in accordance with the terms outlined previously. If you wish to have your Content completely removed from Bored Panda’s Services, you must directly request its deletion by emailing community@boredpanda.com. This request must include your account details and specific information regarding the Content to be removed. Please note that this process is subject to verification of account ownership and content originality in order to prevent fraudulent or unauthorized requests.

Such additional uses by Bored Panda may be made with no compensation paid to you with respect to the Content that you submit, post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Services.