Privacy Policy

Close
Secure Ordering

Shopping online at this Website is extremely safe. We use secure Application Servers to protect your ordering information as it comes to us via the Internet. This means that all information, such as name, address and your credit card number you enter in the checkout section of our online store is encrypted. VeriSign provides authentication that you are in direct communication with this Website.

If you have any concerns about ordering electronically, please call 1-866-503-9057 to place your order over the phone.

Privacy Policy

We at the Bradford Group (identified below under "Information Sharing") are committed to protecting our customers' privacy. We know that you are concerned about how your information is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. The following notice describes our privacy policy.

Automatic Information:

This is information provided by cookies. Cookies are small alphanumeric identifier files that store information. They enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide important features that personalize our site to make your shopping faster and easier. For example they store your cart information between your visits.

You can prevent your browser from accepting cookies through its help feature, but that prevents you from shopping on our site. We recommend that you take full advantage of all the features we've designed to make shopping easy and fun.

Information That We Collect From Every Visitor:

We collect anonymous cookie information about the site pages, items, stores, and articles you view. This is not used with personally identifiable information (such as the name and address you give us when you place an order), but as aggregate information (group information) that helps us learn more about how people use and react to our site. We store information about the items you add to your cart so your cart selections are not lost between visits, but will not know who placed the items in the cart unless you send an order.

We also send or permit collection of anonymous user information by service providers such as Coremetrics and ForeSee Results, who help us analyze information about user visits, and improve services.

Personal Information You Give Us Or Ask a Third Party to Send Us:

When you place an order, we will need your name, phone number, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number and expiration date so that we can process and contact you about the order. We will keep a record of this information and the items you purchase. This allows us to process and fulfill your orders and return requests, and to send you information that's of interest.

You do not have to register at our site to place an order, but ordering is much simpler when you are registered. You will choose a login name and password that will allow you to update your personal information at any time in the future. When you log on with your password, your name, address and other contact information will automatically be entered into the correct spaces of your order form. Also, you can log on with your password, and track the status of orders you have given us. Our personal registration services are provided free of charge, and you are under no obligation to purchase anything.

For your convenience, we are adding “Log In With” links on our Website to certain social networking sites and browsers, starting with Facebook and Google. These links will allow you to log into this Website using your user name and password from the third party site to check the status of your prior orders from us or place new orders. This will save you the trouble of remembering a user name and password for our Website.

In order to synchronize your log-in on our Website with your log-in credentials from the other site, we will need to receive information from the other site that will enable us to verify that you are the account holder at both sites and facilitate your use of our Website. If you choose to access this Website with your log-in credentials from one of these linked sites, or if you otherwise agree to associate your account on our Website with one of these third party sites (for example, by choosing to join or “like” our page on the social networking site), that site will send us the personal information about you from your third party account that you authorize it to share with us, such as your username and password for that account, email address and other contact information, and social profile. We may add some or all of this shared information to our databases of information you submit to us when placing orders via The Bradford Group’s customer service center, US mail, or our websites and mobile applications. We will use and share that information in the ways disclosed below under “Information Sharing.” If you wish the third party site to discontinue sending information to us, you will need to notify the third party site of this election using the opt-out mechanisms offered by that site. This may require logging into your account with it and withdrawing your authorization to share information with us.

Surveys and Submissions

Periodically, this Website may ask customers to participate in surveys. If you participate, the information we collect may be associated with your account, and used to improve your overall customer experience.

From time to time, we may ask you to post information showing how you have used our products. By contributing or submitting any content to this Website, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant members of the Bradford Group a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sub licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute and redistribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media, without compensation to you. You grant us the right to use the name (real or a pseudonym) and other identifying information that you submit in connection with such content, if we choose. When you transmit a submission you represent and warrant that you are 18 or older, own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you submit; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify this Website and the Bradford Group for all claims resulting from content you supply.

You agree that you shall not submit any information:

that is, or may reasonably be considered to be, defamatory, libelous, hateful, racially or religiously biased or offensive, unlawfully threatening, obscene, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law, or unlawfully harassing to any individual, partnership or corporation; for which you were compensated or granted any consideration by any third party;
Or that contains any computer viruses, worms or other potentially damaging computer programs or files.
You acknowledge that The Bradford Group has sole discretion to publish, or not publish, your submissions in either the original or edited form.

E-mail and Opting Out of E-mail:

When you order an item, a catalog, or have a customer service request, we send you an e-mail to confirm that we received your request or to answer your inquiry. These messages are generated automatically, and are sent regardless of "no-e-mail" requests. If you prefer not to receive other types of e-mail, you can opt out in the following ways:

Use the opt-out link at the bottom of every e-mail we send
Phone us at the number below and request to be opted out
Use our contact us feature and request to be opted out
Mail us at the address below and request to be opted out
Please remember that if you add or change e-mail addresses, you need to separately notify us about your preferences for those e-mail addresses.

Mobile Terms & Conditions:

Effective Date: 5.18.2021

Bradford Exchange Alerts

To receive product information, account management and promotional messages from the Bradford Exchange, you may opt-in by texting BRADEX to 272339 on your mobile phone. Message and data rates may apply.

By opting into this service, you consent to receive mobile text alerts using an automatic telephone dialing system. Consent to receive marketing text messages is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or services.

By signing up, you are confirming you are over the age of 18.

STOP Information

Text STOP to 272339 to stop receiving Alerts messages from The Bradford Exchange (you will receive a confirmation text).

HELP Information

For additional information, text HELP to 272339 or call 866-824-0163

Supported carriers are:

AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile®, Verizon Wireless, Boost, Cricket, MetroPCS, U.S. Cellular, Virgin Mobile, Google Voice, ACS Wireless, Advantage Cellular (DTC Wireless), Appalachian Wireless, Atlantic Tele-Network International (ATN), Bandwidth, Bluegrass Cellular, Buffalo Wireless, CableVision, Carolina West Wireless, Cellcom, Copper Valley, C-Spire Wireless (formerly Cellsouth), Cellular One of East Central Illinois, Chariton Valley Cellular, Cross (dba Sprocket), Duet IP, Element Mobile, EpicTouch, GCI Communications, Golden State, Hawkeye (Chat Mobility), Hawkeye (NW Missouri Cellular), i Wireless (IOWA Wireless), Illinois Valley Cellular, Immix (Keystone Wireless / PC Management), Inland Cellular, Mobi PCS (Coral Wireless LLC), Mosaic, MTA Communications, MTPCS / Cellular One (Cellone Nation), Nex-Tech Wireless, Panhandle Telecommunications, Peoples Wireless, Pine Belt Wireless, Pine Cellular, Pioneer, Plateau, Revol Wireless, RINA, SI Wireless/Mobile Nation, SouthernLinc, SRT Wireless, Thumb Cellular, Union Wireless, United, Viaero Wireless, West Central Wireless, Leaco, Nemont/Sagebrush. T-Mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.

Information Sharing:

This Website is one of a number of related companies who specialize in various high-quality items, including collectible items such as collectors plates, dolls, figurines, ornaments and music boxes. Our affiliated companies or their divisions include:

The Bradford Exchange, Ltd.
The Bradford Exchange Checks, Ltd.
BGE, Ltd.
The Ashton-Drake Galleries, Ltd.
The Hamilton Collection, Inc.
Please note that our affiliates and divisions may change, and the list above may not be up-to-date. We sell products from our affiliates or their divisions and share information about your purchases with them. On occasion you may receive offers mailed by e-mail or ground mail from our affiliates or their divisions, or when you call our customer service department, for items that you may enjoy. We and our affiliates or their divisions may use information you provide when you order to personalize marketing communications to you. If you order from us or one of our affiliates or their divisions, we may share your e-mail address and other contact information for use in communications concerning your order and to offer other Bradford Group items that might interest you. We and our affiliates or their divisions may also share information you provide with selected third parties which they may use for marketing or promotional purposes. By providing your information to us, you consent to this information sharing and use.

If you object to our sharing information about you as a customer with these affiliated and non-affiliated companies or divisions, or if you prefer not to receive ground mail from us or other companies, you may use the Contact Us feature on our site, or phone us at 1-866-503-9057 to tell us about your preferences.

Even if you opt out from information sharing generally, we must share information about your individual orders with data processors, with the sister corporation that packs, ships and bills your purchases, and with outside companies as needed to obtain approval to charge your credit card, to verify your address, and to deliver your orders.

When you visit our Website from a link on another Website, or in an ad or e-mail, a cookie will be placed on your computer, and if you make a purchase, information may be provided to the referring Website. This will occur even if you opt out from other types of information sharing. Cookies placed on your computer when you visit our site may also be used to display banner ads concerning our items when you visit certain third party sites and to track your browsing activity on our Websites and other Internet sites.

We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law; enforce agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of our Websites, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection, collecting unpaid purchase balances, and reducing credit risks. This protects you from price increases related to uncollected debt.

Children:

This Website is a shopping site for mature collectors. We do not knowingly solicit or collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 years that is submitted to us via the Internet. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of 13, we will use reasonable measures to delete the information from our records as soon as it is discovered by us and do not use such information for any purpose (except where necessary to protect the safety of the child or others as required or allowed by law). If you become aware of any personally identifiable information we have collected from children under 13, please contact us at 866-503-9057.

Customer Information Transfer:

As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses and assets, including customer information.

CCPA Privacy Notification for California Residents

This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained in our Privacy Policy above and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California ("consumers" or "you"). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice.

Use of Personal Information

We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:

To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders, provide warranty services or process returns.
To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Website, products, and services.
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To personalize your Website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our Website, third-party sites, and via e-mail or text message (with your consent where required by law).
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our Website, products, and services.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device ("personal information").

Personal information does not include:

Publicly available information from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, like: health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data; personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994.]
In particular, [our Website has/we have] collected the following categories of personal information from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months:

Category	What is collected
A. Identifiers.	A real name, alias, if provided, postal address, Internet Protocol address, e-mail address, account name.
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).	A name, signature, address, telephone number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information.
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.	Marital status, sex (including gender), birth date.
D. Commercial information.	Products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
E. Internet or other similar network activity.	Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with our website, application, or advertisement.
F. Geolocation data.	Physical location.
G. Sensory data.	Audio recording of calls.
H. Inferences drawn from other personal information.	Profile reflecting a person's preferences based on browsing and purchasing data.
Your Rights and Choices

The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.

Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights

You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will disclose to you:

The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights

You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.

We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:

Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights

To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, contact us by:

Calling us at 866-503-9057; or
Emailing us at CustomerService@bradfordexchange.com.

We will then send you a Verifiable Request Form and instructions for making your request.

Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. To designate an authorized agent, you must provide a Power of Attorney or a guardianship document for a minor child with your Verifiable Request Form.

You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The Verifiable Request form and associated documentation must:

Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include a completed Verifiable Request Form and Proof of address such as a current utility bill.

We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.

We will only use personal information provided in the Verifiable Request Form and associate4d documentation to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.

For instructions on exercising sale opt-out rights, see Personal Information Sales Opt-Out Rights.

Response Timing and Format

We endeavor to respond to a verified consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.

If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to the address on that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail to the address you provide on the Verifiable Request Form.

Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will provide you with a hardcopy of the data we have collected.

We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.

Personal Information Sales Opt-Out Rights

If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the "right to opt-out"). We do not sell the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age.

To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting the following Internet Web page link:

California Residents: Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Non-Discrimination

We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:

Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.

Visit Us Often:

Please visit this Privacy Policy frequently, as our business changes all the time, and we update this policy to reflect those changes. By visiting our site you agree that we may collect and use information as stated in our privacy policy. If we change our privacy policy, we will post the changes on this page so you are always informed about what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.

You can always reach us by e-mail, phone, or ground mail:

By E-mail:

CustomerService@bradfordexchange.com

By Ground Mail:

The Bradford Exchange

9333 N. Milwaukee Avenue
Niles, Illinois 60714

By Phone:

United States: 1-866-503-9057
Monday - Friday (excluding major holidays)
7:00 A.M. - 6:00 P.M., Central Time

Copyright ©2026 The Bradford Exchange. All rights reserved.