Terms of Service | BrickLink
Skip to main content
Terms of Service
Last updated: Sep 18, 2025
Version:
Sep 18, 2025
Welcome to BrickLink.com (the
Site
).
This Terms of Service Agreement (
Terms
) is a legal agreement between you and LEGO BrickLink, Inc., a Delaware, USA corporation  (
BrickLink,
we,
our,
or
us
). By clicking the “I ACCEPT” box at the end of these Terms, registering as a user, or using the Site, you acknowledge and agree that you have reviewed, understand, and accept these Terms. If you are agreeing to these Terms as an individual, then the term
you
refers to you individually. If you are agreeing to these Terms as a representative of an entity, then you represent that you have the authority to bind that entity and the term
you
refers to that entity.
If you do not agree with all of these Terms, do not click the “I ACCEPT” box at the end of these terms and do not otherwise use the Site.
Your access to and use of this Site and all the content (such content to include, but is not limited to, information, data, designs, material, images, video or other content), features, functions, and services (collectively “Services”) made available on and through the Site is subject to these Terms, all applicable laws, as well as any specific terms and conditions applying to the Services offered or made available via this Site. Additionally, the separate terms and conditions pertaining to the LEGO® Account, needed to register as a user of this Site, will apply.
If you have previously agreed to any terms of service applicable to the Site or the Services available via the Site, such terms of service are hereby terminated and are no longer in force or in effect. However, such terminated terms of service shall apply to all transactions between or among buyers, sellers, and designers, that were fully completed prior to the date you accepted these Terms.
For purposes of these Terms, you might be a user of the Site who is (i) a
Buyer
(i.e., you buy items from Sellers), (ii) a Buyer and a
Seller
(i.e., you sell items), and/or (iii) a registered user that uploads or submits to the Site designs (and potentially build instructions and other information) for LEGO brand brick models for publication and display on the Site and/or for distribution and sale by Sellers to Buyers (sometimes referred to in these Terms as a
Designer
).
When we refer to a
User
or
Users
in these Terms this is meant as a joint reference to all Buyers, Sellers, Designers, and other users of this Site. This includes Users who are LEGO Account holders identified as ‘Sellers, Buyers, Designers, and other users of this Site’ who, prior to September 18, were registered with a BrickLink account but have not yet integrated their current BrickLink user account with an LEGO Account.
As noted in these Terms, if you are a Seller, there are special terms and conditions that apply to you and if you are a Designer, there are special terms and conditions that apply to you. By agreeing to these Terms you acknowledge and agree that you have read, understand and agree to such Seller terms and Designer terms, as the case may be.
Note: These Terms contain a binding individual Arbitration and Class Action Waiver Provision in Section 27 (Dispute Resolution and Arbitration; Class Action Waiver), which affects your rights under these Terms and, with respect to any Disputes (as defined in Section 27) between you and BrickLink, requires you and BrickLink to resolve such Disputes in individual, binding arbitration, not court if you reside in a jurisdiction outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”)/United Kingdom(“UK”)/Switzerland/Australia/New Zealand/Turkey/Japan/Brazil. You have the right to OPT OUT of binding arbitration and the class action waiver as provided in Section 27 (Arbitration and Class Action Waiver).
We may make changes to these Terms at any time, and we will endeavor to provide written notice of such changes to you and will give you an opportunity to review the revised Terms. For any material changes to the Terms that results in If you cannot agree to the revised Terms, then BrickLink may terminate these Terms and disable your account. Your continued use (e.g., selling, buying) of the Site after such changes have been posted will signify your assent to and acceptance of the revised Terms.
Eligibility:
In order to be a Buyer, Seller or Designer on BrickLink you must have a LEGO® Account. You can sign up to a LEGO Account by going to
https:// www.LEGO.com
. For markets where the LEGO Insiders program is offered you must sign up to LEGO Insiders to get a LEGO  Account. The Terms and Conditions for having a LEGO Account (and being a member of the LEGO Insiders program as the case may be) will apply  separately to these Terms. Any claims arising from or pertaining to your LEGO Account (and as the case may be the LEGO Insiders program) will be  subject to the terms and conditions of the LEGO Insiders Program (or LEGO Account as the case may be) and are out of scope for these Terms.
Users of the Site and/or to access or use the Site as a User account, you must be of an age of legal majority and be legally capable of entering  into a binding contract in the jurisdiction in which you reside. If you are not of such an age or not legally capable of entering into contracts,  you should not accept these Terms, you may not register as a User, and you may not use this Site as a registered User.
You are limited to one (1) User account on this Site unless we have granted you permission to have additional accounts, such permission being in  our sole discretion. You may access the Site with your User account credentials. Your account is personal to you (and as a Trade Seller or Trade  Buyer to your legal entity). You may not transfer or sell or lend your account or account credentials to another party.
You agree to provide accurate, current, and complete information about yourself, and you agree to maintain and promptly update all information  about yourself. You agree to maintain the security of your username and password for your User account. You acknowledge and agree that you are  fully responsible for all use of your User account, whether or not authorized by you, and for any actions that occur using your User account.
The Site and the Services are available in the countries listed here at
www.bricklink.com/memberChart.asp
which may be changed and updated by us from time to time. The Site and its Services are not open or available to residents of any country or territory subject to comprehensive trade restrictions (embargo) imposed by the U.S. Such territories currently include Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and the Donetsk People's Republic (DNR), the Luhansk People's Republic (LNR) and the Crimea regions of Ukraine (this list is subject to update depending on regulatory changes). Therefore, any seller or buyer account associated with these territories, or found to be shipping BrickLink orders to or from these territories, will be suspended with a view to having their account closed. Additionally, the Site is not open to residents of any country where local law would make use of the Site unlawful.
Changes to the Site; Purpose of the Site; and Release of BrickLink:
We may in our sole discretion add, delete or change some or all the    Services offered on or through the Site at any time.
The Site acts as an online platform for Sellers to sell LEGO® brand    items and designs for a model or creation using LEGO bricks (
My Own    Creation
or
MOC
) and for Buyers to buy Sellers' items and MOCs.    Neither BrickLink or any other of the LEGO Group entities are involved in    the actual transactions between Buyers and Sellers. As a result, we have no    control over the quality, safety or legality of the items advertised, the    truth or accuracy of the listings, the ability of Sellers to sell items, or    the ability of Buyers to buy items. We cannot and do not control whether or    not Sellers will complete the sale of items they offer or whether Buyers    will complete the purchase of items they have purchased.
Because we are not involved in user-to-user dealings you agree to and do hereby release BrickLink from claims, demands and damages in connection with such dealings, including without limitation related to items listed, sold, or purchased or your inability to complete a purchase or a sale of any items.
Buying and Selling:
Buyer Terms:
As a Buyer, if you place an order in a store on the Site, then you are    obligated to complete the purchase, subject to any rights you may have to    cancel an order under applicable law or under these Terms.
When you purchase items from a Seller, that Seller may require you to    agree to a separate set of terms and conditions applicable to your purchase    of items from the Seller. Such individual terms and conditions are between    you and the Seller. Please keep in mind that if you are a Non-Trade Buyer    you may have statutory consumer law rights and protections, if you are    buying from a Trade Seller. Those rights and protections may go beyond or    be contrary to the individual terms and conditions set forth by the Trade    Seller and you should always investigate to understand what statutory    rights and protections apply to you in your country of residence. We are    not a party to those individual terms and conditions, and such individual    terms and conditions do not nullify, modify or amend these Terms.
Sellers may cancel orders at any time, including after receiving    payment, if for example (and without limitation) the Seller does not have    the items that you ordered in stock. If an order is cancelled after    payment, you will be entitled to as well as any applicable statutory laws    that may apply to the transaction, refund from the Seller.
If you buy items from a store on the Site, please note that as a result of the exchange rate conversion, the actual price you pay may vary from the price shown in the store. See Section 7 for more information about exchange rates.
Seller Obligations:
If you create a store, list items for sale, or sell items via the Site, you must agree to the
Seller Terms
(including the
API Terms of Use
, if applicable) which are incorporated into these Terms by reference.
We may update and change the Seller Terms from time to time and we will give you prior notice via Site posting (and in case of material changes via email notification)  of the updates and changes and you will have an opportunity to read and assess if you wish to accept the revised Seller Terms. If you do not agree to the revised Seller Terms, then BrickLink is entitled to terminate these Seller Terms and disable your Seller account. By continuing using the Site, listing any new items for sale in your store on the Site, or selling items via the Site following such notice, you will be deemed to have agreed to the updated Seller Terms
As a registered User you may upgrade your Buyer account to a Seller account once you have received at least one positive item of feedback from a legitimate Seller and have been verified by one of our administrators. In addition, you will be required to provide certain documents and information to us in order to register as a Seller and to set up your store on the Site (including without limitation photo I.D., proof of address, proof of inventory, and the selection and activation of one of the payment methods available on the Site). Your store will remain closed until (i) your store settings are set up and verified and (ii) we are able to verify other information that you must provide to us in order to become a Seller.
After upgrading your account from a Buyer account to a Seller account, please follow the steps at the following link to open your store:
https://www.bricklink.com/help.asp?helpID=2440
As a Seller, you cannot offer items for sale which are not listed in your store on the Site.
General Statements Regarding Fees and Taxes:
Becoming a registered user on the Site is free and BrickLink does not charge you any registration fees.
As a Buyer of an item from a Seller, you must pay the Seller for the item you purchase from the Seller.
In addition, certain countries and regions require marketplaces such as BrickLink to collect and remit transaction taxes (e.g. sales tax, VAT, GST, etc.) directly from the Buyer. If the shipping address for an order is in one of these countries or regions, transaction tax may be applied to the order. Due to technical complexity and the need for accurate recordkeeping, BrickLink may restrict the type of payment methods available for all such orders.
Certain US-based sellers on BrickLink may qualify for tax-exempt status on purchases of items intended for resale. Interested sellers should obtain a tax-exempt certificate for the relevant state, and then contact
Customer Support
to initiate the process.
Sellers are subject to pricing and payment terms in the Seller Terms (as defined below).
Designers are subject to pricing and payment terms in the Designer Terms (as defined below).
Order Cancellation:
The following are some but not all of the reasons for which you can request an order to be cancelled. The actual cancellation of an order is to be resolved or agreed by the Buyer and the Seller and statutory laws may apply. If there is a dispute between a Buyer or Seller regarding whether an order should be cancelled, we reserve the right (but do not have an obligation) to resolve the dispute.
As a Buyer, you can request an order be cancelled for the following reasons:
Mutual agreement to cancel between Buyer and Seller
Seller did not respond to essential emails needed for the transaction to be safely processed
Seller did not have items after order was submitted
Seller listed items with error
Seller provided a shipping fee that was too high (not clearly stated in the Seller’s terms and conditions of sale)
Seller is using an exchange rate inconsistent with the exchange rates specified in these Terms
Seller did not ship order after payment was made
Seller is under the age of majority or legally incapacitated under applicable law
Seller is no longer a registered Seller on the Site
System problem during order submission (excluding not receiving order notification e-mail)
Applicable law gives you the right to cancel the order
Subject to the Buyer’s rights under applicable laws, that may allow cancellation or withdrawal from a contract under certain circumstances, the following are
not
deemed valid reasons for a Buyer to cancel an order:
Buyer no longer wants the items
- except where applicable law gives the Buyer the right to cancel an order. After an order is submitted, the Buyer enters into a legally binding contract with the Seller to purchase all items in that order,
Buyer found items cheaper somewhere else
- After an order is submitted, the Buyer enters into a legally binding contract with the Seller to purchase all items in that order, subject to the Buyer’s rights under applicable laws, that may allow cancellation or withdrawal from a contract under certain circumstances.
As a Seller, you can request an order be cancelled for the following reasons:
Mutual agreement to cancel between Buyer and Seller
Buyer's email address bounced due to no error of the Seller and Seller has no other reasonable means to reach out to the Buyer via the Site
Buyer did not pay for order
Buyer did not respond to essential emails needed for the transaction to be safely processed
Buyer did not comply with store terms
Buyer does not have enough funds to pay
Buyer demanded a lower price on items after a binding contract has been entered into by the parties
Buyer submitted a fake order
Buyer no longer wants to purchase items
Buyer found items elsewhere
Package cannot be delivered to Buyer's address
Package returned with incorrect address
Buyer is under the age of majority or legally incapacitated under applicable law
Buyer is no longer a registered User of the Site
System problem during order submission (excluding not receiving order notification e-mail)
Buyer requested falsifying customs declarations or requested the order be marked as "gift" in order to avoid customs fees.
Sellers who repeatedly cancel orders due to lack of stock or inventory of items listed on the Seller’s store may have their selling privileges suspended or revoked.
Exchange Rates:
If you are a Seller and have a store on the Site, pricing of your items will be set up with exchange rates. Exchange rates for currency conversion are provided by
Bloomberg Currency Data
. Use of that website constitutes acceptance of the
Bloomberg Currency Data Terms of Use
.
For Buyers
: If you are a Buyer, please note that as a result of the exchange rate conversion, the actual price may vary from the price shown in the store.
For Sellers:
If you are a Seller, then in your Seller terms and conditions, you can mention currency conversion and that your prices are converted using Bloomberg Currency Data rates but only if it's consistent with how the currency conversion is actually done - the system automatically converts prices using exchange rates from Bloomberg Currency Data and order totals are converted using the latest exchange rate in the system as of the time the order is submitted. You don't need to mention currency conversion at all since the system automatically puts an explanation of how currency conversion is done on your store terms page.
Using other exchange rates is prohibited. Currency conversion is done the same way using the same exchange rates in all stores.
Hard-coding an exchange rate in your Seller store terms, splash page, store banner or anywhere else in your store is prohibited. Since exchange rates are updated once per day, the hard-coded exchange rate would not correspond to the actual rate that is being used at any given moment. You can instead instruct your Buyers to check the Bloomberg Currency Data website to see what the current rates are.
The Site uses current exchange rates from Bloomberg Currency Data to convert prices between the below currencies. Exchange rates on the Site are downloaded from Bloomberg Currency Data once per day. Exchange rates provided by Bloomberg Currency Data contain the rates and inverted rates for the US Dollar as the base currency (ex. 1 USD = ? EUR and 1 EUR = ? USD). Rates which do not include the US Dollar (ex. 1 EUR = ? GBP) are calculated using a cross rate (ex. USD to GBP rate divided by USD to EUR rate). Rates contain up to 10 decimals. The exchange rates on the Bloomberg Currency Data website are updated more frequently and thus the exchange rate on the Bloomberg Currency Data website may not match the exchange rate currently in effect on the Site. If the system fails to download the most recent exchange rate, the most recent exchange rate in the system is used.
As required by the Bloomberg Currency Data Terms of Use, the actual exchange rate that is used to convert prices cannot be displayed anywhere on this Site, including without limitation in your store. For current rates, please visit Bloomberg Currency Data.
Prices and order grand totals are converted in all stores the same way using the same exchange rates.
If more currencies are added to the system, you automatically accept that prices in those currencies be converted using these exchange rates. If BrickLink abandons the multi-currency system on the Site and moves back to all prices in US Dollars, prices in currencies other than the US Dollar will be converted to the US Dollar using the most recent exchange rate in the system.
Argentine Peso (ARS)
Australian Dollar (AUD)
Brazilian Real (BRL)
Bulgarian Lev (BGN)
Canadian Dollar (CAD)
Chinese Yuan (CNY)
Croatian Kuna (HRK)
Czech Koruna (CZK)
Danish Krone (DKK)
Euro (EUR)
Guatemalan Quetzal (GTQ)
Hong Kong Dollar (HKD)
Hungarian Forint (HUF)
Indian Rupee (INR)
Indonesian Rupiah (IDR)
Israeli New Shekel (ILS)
Japanese Yen (JPY)
Macau Pataca (MOP)
Malaysian Ringgit (MYR)
Mexican Peso (MXN)
New Zealand Dollar (NZD)
Norwegian Kroner (NOK)
Philippine Peso (PHP)
Polish Zloty (PLN)
Pound Sterling (GBP)
Romanian New Lei (RON)
Serbian Dinar (RSD)
Singapore Dollar (SGD)
South African Rand (ZAR)
South Korean Won (KRW)
Swedish Krona (SEK)
Swiss Franc (CHF)
Taiwan New Dollar (TWD)
Thai Baht (THB)
Turkish Lira (TRY)
Ukraine Hryvnia (UAH)
US Dollar (USD)
Buying and Selling Offenses:
All Items which are listed for sale on the Site must be sold through the Seller's store by a Buyer submitting an order. When using the Site and buying or selling, you agree not to misuse your account as described below. If you've experienced any of these buying or selling misuses, please take the appropriate action as described in the following misuses.
You agree that you will not:
Non-Paying Buyer
: As a Buyer, fail to pay the Seller for items after you have submitted an order, unless you are legally entitled to withhold payment. If you as a Seller have experienced a non-paying Buyer in your store, you may submit a
Non-Paying Buyer Alert
.
Non-Responding Seller
: As a Seller, fail to respond to a Buyer who has placed an order in the Seller’s store. If you are a Buyer and have experienced a non-responding Seller on an order that you have placed, you may submit a
Non-Responding Seller Alert
.
Non-Shipping Seller
: As a Seller, fail to ship items to the Buyer after payment from the Buyer. If you as a Buyer have experienced a non-shipping Seller, you may submit a
Non-Shipping Seller Alert
.
Fee Avoidance
: Circumvent BrickLink fee structure (as further defined here:
Fee and Billing Policy
), including without limitation using any of the below methods.
Using user contact information obtained from BrickLink or the Site or using any feature of the Site to offer to sell items outside of the Site.
Using the BrickLink messaging systems to conduct business either offering items for sale or requesting items to be sold that would circumvent Buyers from buying those items via submitting an order in the applicable Seller's store on the Site.
Using our
Discussion Forum
to conduct business by offering items for sale not listed in the Seller's store on the Site or to inquire about items for sale and offering contact information.
After an order is submitted, as a Seller offering to sell additional items to the Buyer in a manner that would circumvent the BrickLink ordering process.
Seller cancelling a successful order with the intent of receiving a fee refund from BrickLink for that order.
Users must not use their Splash Page, Terms & Conditions, Shipping Policy or About Me page to offer items for sale that would circumvent Buyers from buying those items via submitting an order in the Seller's store. This includes using a domain name or URL as your store name.
If you experience any user attempting to avoid fees, you may submit a
Problem Member Report
.
Linking
: Link to pages outside of the Site. Users must not link from their Splash Page, Terms & Conditions, Shipping Policy, About Me page or from their listings of items for sale, to another site. If you experience another user linking to a page outside of the Site, you may submit a
Problem Member Report
.
Limit of Feedback in Store Terms
: Posting Store Terms that limit or attempt to limit users from leaving feedback or from leaving a certain type of feedback (for example negative).
Feedback as an Advertising Tool
: Put links in feedback comments which link to pages outside of the Site. Such links may be automatically replaced with: https://store.bricklink.com/[username]. It is permitted to put a link (such as www.mystore.com) in feedback comments which redirects directly into the Seller's store on the Site.
Feedback Extortion
: As a Buyer, demand additional goods, services or refunds over and above what was agreed in the original transaction with the threat of negative Feedback if the Seller does not comply with such demand. Sellers are not allowed to require Buyers to leave positive Feedback or revise existing Feedback in exchange for shipping items, completing refund requests or providing monetary compensation. Sellers are, however, allowed to ask the Buyer to leave positive Feedback at the end of a successful transaction. Please note that we can't accept reports of Feedback extortion received through email outside of the Site because these can be easily falsified. In order to protect yourself, we recommend you always use the BrickLink messaging system to communicate with your Buyer or Seller. If you have experienced feedback extortion, please contact
Customer Support
.
Sale of Plagiarized Designs
: Offer to sell, sell or provide MOC designs that violate others’ intellectual property rights, publicity or privacy rights as it is expressly forbidden by these Terms. Sellers who facilitate such transactions will incur penalties ranging from a warning to account suspension or termination depending on the severity of circumstances.
Sale of Non-Compliant Products
: Offer to sell or sell any product(s) which do not comply with applicable laws including, but not limited to, EU laws, including the
EU General Product Safety Regulation
. Sellers who repeatedly violate this requirement will incur penalties ranging from a warning to account suspension.
Feedback Removal Rules
You can remove feedback that you posted up to one month from the date that it was posted. In such case, such feedback is removed immediately, without an approval process and can be reposted.
In addition, the following is a non-exhaustive list of
valid reasons
for which you can request that feedback you received be removed by BrickLink:
Feedback you received contains vulgar language.
Feedback you received contains personally identifying information including your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number.
You are the Seller and the Buyer has not paid, a Non-Paying Buyer Alert has been completed and/or the Buyer has accepted the Non-Paying Buyer (NPB) penalty via NPX.
You are the Buyer, and the Seller has not responded or shipped and a Non-Responding Seller Alert or
Non-Shipping Seller Alert
has been completed.
Feedback you received was posted by a duplicate account of a User who had their User account terminated.
Feedback you received was posted by a duplicate account of a user who was on your Stop List before the order was placed.
Feedback you received contains information not relevant to the order.
Feedback you received is clearly an order-related message and not a feedback remark.
Feedback you received contains a link to pages outside of BrickLink.
Buyer or Seller is attempting feedback extortion as further described in these Terms.
If you're requesting feedback to be removed for one of two reasons in clause 9.2.5 or 9.2.6 above, you must contact
Customer Support
before you submit the request and let us know the original username of the duplicate account.
Requests for removal of feedback can be submitted until the order is deleted from the system - up to 6 months from the order date. Such requests are submitted to the BrickLink Administration for approval. If the feedback is removed, it cannot be reposted.
Removal of feedback and the request for removal of feedback is done on the
Feedback Removal Request
page.
Customized Email:
There are several e-mails sent to the Buyer that Sellers can customize using
Macro Tags
, including emails regarding the receipt of an order, the status of an order, invoice notifications and Buyer requested notifications (e.g., when a certain part is available). Sellers may not offer any additional items for sale in such e-mail. For Wanted List notification emails, Sellers may not 1) put any links to web pages that are outside of BrickLink; 2) include a phone number, e-mail address or mailing address; 3) include any other contact information leading to the purchase of the item(s) on the wanted list notification. The only way to purchase the item must be via a link provided in the WANTEDITEM macro tag. Violation of this policy may result in suspension or termination of your account.
Buyers acknowledge and agree that Seller may send such emails to Buyers.
Rules of Conduct:
The
LEGO BrickLink Rules of Conduct
and
House Rules
(collectively the “Rules of Conduct”) apply to all visitors to this Site.
The goal of the Rules of Conduct is to establish a culture of courteous, respectful, and inclusive communication among all participants on the Site. Our Rules of Conduct prohibits harassment, bullying, and posts involving illegal content such as, for example, pro-terror material or crimes involving the health or safety of any person, among other types of prohibited content. Click
here
to access the Rules of Conduct and
here
to access the House Rules to learn more about what kind of behavior is permitted on this Site and what is prohibited.
How LEGO BrickLink Enforces its Rules of Conduct
We enforce our Rules of Conduct in various ways.
Moderation
BrickLink moderates the Site. This process involves moderation of user generated content (‘UGC’) submitted to our sites from users, which may include online chat logs, usernames, profiles, images, video, audio, or other UGC. When a user submits content to our sites, it may be reviewed by Community Moderators and/or BrickLink admins for moderation.
BrickLink does not use any AI or automated moderation, and moderates using 100% human moderation by Community Moderators, BrickLink admins, or both.
User reports
If you think you have seen activity that violates the letter or the spirit of our Terms of Service or Rules of Conduct, please alert our moderators:
Click here to report a post:
Customer Service
Click
here
to report a BrickLink Member
Click
here
to report a Forum Message
Click
here
to report an Item
For Australian users
: You can make a complaint about content on our Site directly to the Australian eSafety Commissioner. Complaints to the Australian eSafety Commissioner must be in writing and must include the following:
your name and contact details;
internet address of the content and any other details required to access it;
description of the internet content; and
the reason(s) you feel the content is objectionable.
A report
form
can be filled in and submitted via the eSafety Commissioner
website
.
Procedures
When content or a User is flagged as potentially being in breach of our Terms of Service or Rules of Conduct, our moderation team will review the content or activity in question to evaluate whether a breach has occurred.
We may impose the following sanctions for breaches of our Terms or Code of Conduct:
Content removal
: Posts containing illegal content, product listings for dangerous products, or content which we consider to be misleading or fraudulent will be removed as soon as they are found. Content which we have been informed infringes another’s intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights will also be removed. Other content may be removed for breach of our Rules of Conduct after review on a case-by-case basis.
Content editing (for example, to delete an image or specific text)
: If only a portion of a submission is illegal or inappropriate or in breach of our Rules of Conduct, we may edit that content to remove the offending material.
Temporary limiting of certain privileges
: Depending on the nature of the violation of our Terms, we may impose a variety of restrictions such as revoking buying or selling privileges, restricting user access to post in the Forum, limiting Sellers to onsite payment methods only, or unverifying users, among other restrictions (depending on the circumstances).
Temporary suspension of access privileges
: User accounts may be suspended for repeated violations of our Rules of Conduct, for example, for repeated incidents of harassing or bullying behaviors. We may also suspend the accounts of Users who leak confidential information or who post misleading or fraudulent information, as well as Users who make repeated unfounded complaints about other Users or who abuse our reporting system
Permanent blocking of access privileges
: User accounts used to post certain illegal content (such as child sex abuse material) will be terminated and reported to the relevant authorities. We also reserve the right to terminate the accounts of Users who repeatedly or seriously violate our Rules of Conduct, or who persistently make repeated unfounded complaints about other Users, abuse our reporting system, or attempt to circumvent sanctions for prior bad behavior.
Before imposing any of the above sanctions, we will take the following factors into account, including (but not limited to):
The numbers of instances of manifestly illegal or inappropriate content or manifestly unfounded notices or complaints submitted within a given timeframe;
The relative proportion of such content in relation to the total amount of content posted or notices submitted within a given timeframe;
The nature and seriousness of the inappropriate or illegal content including its potential or actual consequences on other Users;
Where it is possible to identify, the intent of the individual or the complainant.
If we impose any of the above sanctions, we will inform you of the sanction and the reason(s) why, including specific references to these Terms or our Rules of Conduct.
Rights of Redress – how to set things right
Internal complaint handling process
. We may take certain restrictive actions on your content or account if we believe you have violated the law or our policies, or we may decide not to act on a report you submitted regarding potential illegal or policy-violating content. When this happens and you disagree with our decision, you may challenge our decision to take action (or not to take action as the case may be), via our internal complaint handling system within 6 months of receiving notice of our decision.
You can file a complaint via
Customer Support
. Please specify ‘Appeal a decision’ in the subject line of your email so that we can promptly begin the review process. We will review our decision and respond to you as soon as possible.
Out of court dispute settlement body: You may be able to refer your matter to an out-of-court dispute settlement body. Out-of-court dispute settlement bodies are independent bodies with the means and expertise to consider the issues brought to them. The EU Digital Services Act requires that each EU/EEA Member State certify out-of-court settlement bodies to handle eligible disputes. The European Commission publishes and updates a list of certified out-of-court settlement bodies which can be found
here
.
BrickLink will work with the out-of-court settlement body where required by law. We are not bound by any decisions made by these out-of-court settlement bodies. The exact process for seeking out-of-court settlement resolution may vary depending on the individual procedural rules of the out-of-court dispute settlement body as well as upon the Member State. For more information, please check the website of the out-of-court dispute settlement body to which you wish to refer the matter.
For EU users
: Pursue your complaint in court. You also have the option to pursue your claims in court. If you have legal questions or wish to examine the legal options that may be available to you, you may want to consult with your own legal counsel.
In
Denmark
the Digital Services Coordinator is the Digitaliseringsstyrelsen, which can hear complaints about our compliance with the requirements of the EU Digital Services Act, as well as certify an out of court dispute settlement body. You will find the Danish Digital Services Coordinator at
https://digst.dk/
, or you can click
here
to make a complaint.
For
Australian users
: If we are unable to resolve your complaint within a reasonable time, we will refer your complaint to the Australian eSafety Commissioner.
Designer Terms:
If you upload your designs to the Site, you must agree to the
Designer Terms
which are incorporated into these Terms by reference. If you use BrickLink Studio software or the Part Designer software, you must agree to the
Studio Software License Agreement
and
Part Designer Software License Agreement
and comply with the
IP Guidance Statement
, which are all incorporated into these terms by reference.
We may update and change the Designer Terms from time to time and we will notify you of the updates and changes and you will have an opportunity to accept the revised Designer Terms. If you do not agree to the revised Designer Terms, then BrickLink is entitled to terminate these Designer Terms and disable your account. By using the Site or uploading any designs to the Site following such notice, you agree to the updated Designer Terms.
User Generated Content:
You may post, display or publish images, captions, titles, materials, information, data, designs, models, build instructions, videos and other content (collectively,
content
) to public areas of the Site, including but not limited to Catalog, Studio Gallery and forums of the Site. You hereby grant to BrickLink and to the LEGO Group a limited license, so that we can make the content accessible and usable on the Site and on LEGO Group earned and owned platforms without any limitation for an indefinite period. The license you individually grant to BrickLink and companies within the LEGO Group is a non-exclusive, transferable, sublicensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use and modify the content submitted, posted or displayed on or through our Site, including for use on any LEGO Group platform or media for promotional purposes. You hereby waive your moral rights in the content, to the extent necessary to give effect to the above license.
When you upload any content to any private areas of the Site including but not limited to My Studio and Wanted List of the Site, where no other users have access to your content without your explicit permission, you hereby grant to BrickLink and companies within the LEGO Group a worldwide, assignable, royalty-free, non-exclusive right and license to reproduce, modify and translate as necessary, publish, communicate and display such content solely in your private areas of the Site.
User Obligations for the Content/Data:
You acknowledge and agree not to distribute, disclose, upload, or transfer to any third party any content or data you receive from or which is displayed on the Site, which includes but is not limited to the inventory data files in the form of XML, CSV, or Tab-Delimited format, except when this is required for the operation of your BrickLink store.
Miscellaneous Clauses:
Customer Information / Privacy:
Your use of our Site is governed by our
Privacy Policy
. Any dispute with regard to our use of your personal information will be handled as described in these Terms.
You can also send a letter addressed to:
LEGO System A/S
Aastvej 1,
7190 Billund
Denmark
Att: Data Protection Officer
With respect to any personal information you disclose, submit, provide access to, or otherwise cause to be submitted to the LEGO Group, including BrickLink, including without limitation about any third party, you represent and warrant that (i) you have the right to provide that information to the LEGO Group, including BrickLink for processing in accordance with the Privacy Policy and other purposes reasonably related to the performance of these Terms, and (ii) you have provided any required notice and obtained any required permissions from those third parties to the provision of that information to the LEGO Group, including BrickLink. You also hereby consent to our collection, use and disclosure of that personal information for the purpose of performing our obligations and exercising our rights under these Terms, and for the other purposes described in the LEGO Group Privacy Policy.
Web Robots & Spiders:
You may not use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our web pages or the content contained herein without our prior, express, written permission. If you are using any of the above to harvest information from the Site, you must cease this activity immediately and contact
Customer Support
to gain permission or to discuss other alternative possibilities. These rules also apply to posting on the forum pages. In addition to the above mentioned, usage of bots such as, but without limitation, forum-bot, xRumer, ThemaPoster, and other autopost bots are forbidden on the forums and feedback comments. Usage of these bots is a violation of these Terms and may, in our sole discretion, result in an IP Address ban ranging from 24 hours to permanently depending on the severity and content of the bot postings. Any such IP Address ban is in addition to any other remedies we are entitled to under these Terms or at law or in equity.
Breach; Termination of Account:
We reserve the right to suspend, or terminate your account, delete all of your data and deny you access to any or all of your data stored at the Site if you breach these Terms or if we are unable to verify or authenticate any information you provide to us.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we also reserve the right to terminate your account, delete all of your data and deny you access to any or all of the Site's features at any time for any reason without prior notice.
Site Availability:
BrickLink reserves the right to interrupt access to the Site from time to time on a regularly scheduled basis or otherwise with or without prior notice in order to perform maintenance. You agree that BrickLink will not be liable for any interruption of the Site, delay or failure to perform resulting from any causes whatsoever. You acknowledge that access to the Site may be interrupted for reasons beyond the control of BrickLink, and BrickLink cannot guarantee that you will be able to access the Site or your Account whenever you may wish to do so. BrickLink shall not be liable for any interruption of the Site, delay or failure to perform resulting from any causes whatsoever.
No Warranty:
BRICKLINK  OFFERS THE SITE AND CONTENT ON THE SITE ON AN “AS IS”, “AS AVAILABLE” AND “WITH ALL FAULTS” BASIS AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT OF ANY RIGHTS HELD IN THE SITE CONTENT BY BRICKLINK. BRICKLINK MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS, OR GUARANTEES OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE SITE OR THE CONTENT ON THE SITE, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, CONDITION OR GUARANTEE AS TO FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, THE ABSENCE OF LATENT OR OTHER DEFECTS, ACCURACY, OR THE PRESENCE OR ABSENCE OF ERRORS, WHETHER OR NOT DISCOVERABLE, OR ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, CONDITION OR GUARANTEE ARISING FROM USAGE OR TRADE OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, CONDITION OR GUARANTEE, SO SUCH EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA, ANY WARRANTY LIMITATIONS SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT APPLY TO YOU.
BRICKLINK IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY CONTENT, USER-GENERATED CONTENT, USER CONDUCT, OR THIRD-PARTY APPLICATIONS, SOFTWARE, OR OTHER CONTENT POSTED. WE ALSO ASSUME NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DELETION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMMUNICATIONS FAILURE, THEFT OR DESTRUCTION OF IDENTITY OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO THE SITE, THE CONTENT, OR ALTERATION THEREOF. THIS PARAGRAPH WILL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA, ANY LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Limit of Liability:
EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL BRICKLINK BE LIABLE TO YOU ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY OR FORM OF ACTION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHER THEORY, FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OR FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUE OR LOSS OF DATA ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS, THE SITE, THE USE OF THE SITE CONTENT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF BRICKLINK HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND EVEN IF A LIMITED REMEDY IN THESE TERMS FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY, BRICKLINK’S CUMULATIVE, AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER, AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION OR THEORY OF LIABILITY, WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO BRICKLINK UNDER THESE TERMS DURING THE THREE (3) MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE DATE SUCH LIABILITY AROSE, LESS IN ALL CIRCUMSTANCES AMOUNTS PREVIOUSLY PAID BY BRICKLINK TO YOU IN SATISFACTION OF LIABILITY UNDER THESE TERMS.
CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS’ LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU SHOULD SEEK LEGAL COUNSEL TO UNDERSTAND YOUR RIGHTS.
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS IS INTENDED TO LIMIT LIABILITY WHICH MAY NOT BE LIMITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
For Residents of the European Economic Area Only
: In case of intent or gross negligence on the part of BrickLink, BrickLink is liable according to the provisions of applicable law; the same applies in case of breach of fundamental contract obligations. To the extent the breach of contract is unintentional, the liability of BrickLink for damages shall be limited to the typically predictable damage. The liability of BrickLink for culpable damage to life, body or health as well as the liability under the Product Liability Act shall remain unaffected. Any liability not expressly provided for above shall be disclaimed.
Indemnification/Reimbursement:
If (i) you misuse any service or the Site or breach these Terms; (ii) you improperly or illegally access, receive or use the Site, a service available on the Site, or your account, including without limitation, the use of your account by anyone other than yourself; or (iii) any contributions, actions or omissions by you in connection with your access to, receipt or use of the Site, or any design, MOC or other content provided by you violates, infringes or misappropriates any intellectual property, publicity, privacy or other rights of any person or entity, and results in BrickLink incurring any liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses (including without limitation attorneys’ fees and court costs), then you agree to reimburse BrickLink and its affiliates for all such liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses.
If a third party sues BrickLink for any of Section 21.1 (i) – (iii) above, BrickLink reserves the right to control the defense and settlement of such third party lawsuit, and you agree to reimburse BrickLink for the cost of the defense, including, but not limited to, reasonable and documented attorneys’ fees and expert witness fees.
This Section 21 shall survive any termination of your account or these Terms.
BrickLink does not endorse any content submitted to the Site by any User or other licensor, or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and BrickLink expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with the content.
General Compliance with Laws
You shall comply with all applicable laws, statutes, ordinances and regulations regarding your use of the Site, the service available from the Site, and your listing, purchase and sale of items.
Anti-Bribery and Corruption Compliance
You agree, and you shall ensure, that any individuals or entities acting on your behalf in connection with your use of the Site or your activities as a Buyer, Seller, or Designer under these Terms (“Your Associated Persons”) agree to:
comply with all applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations (collectively, “ABC Laws”), including but not limited to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 and the UK Bribery Act of 2010, both of which apply to BrickLink and the LEGO Group globally;
maintain and enforce internal policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance with such ABC Laws throughout the duration of your use of the Site and your activities under these Terms.
In addition to Section 23.1, and because your conduct (and the conduct of Your Associated Persons) could create liability for BrickLink or the LEGO Group, you agree, and shall ensure that Your Associated Persons agree, to:
promptly report to BrickLink any suspected or actual breach of Section 23.1;
promptly report to BrickLink any request or demand received in connection with your activities under these Terms for any improper or unlawful payment, gift, or other advantage;
cooperate, to the extent permitted by applicable law, with any investigation or inquiry conducted by BrickLink or the LEGO Group relating to a suspected breach of ABC Laws; and
maintain and, upon request by BrickLink, provide accurate, detailed, and up-to-date records showing (i) all payments made to third parties in connection with your activities under these Terms and (ii) your compliance with the obligations in this Section 23.
A breach of this Section 23 shall constitute a material breach of these Terms. If such a breach is capable of being remedied and is not remedied to BrickLink’s reasonable satisfaction within thirty (30) days of written notice, BrickLink may immediately terminate your account and your right to access or use the Site or any Services, and withhold any amounts otherwise payable to you under these Terms.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless BrickLink and its affiliates (including the LEGO Group) from and against any losses, liabilities, damages, or costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising from your or Your Associated Persons’ breach of this Section 23.
Notices:
Except as explicitly stated otherwise, in cases where BrickLink needs to communicate with any member individually, such notices or other official communications shall be given through BrickLink’s
Customer Support system
.
FOR US RESIDENTS ONLY: Notice for Claims of Copyright and/or Trademark Infringement:
This section explains how to submit a copyright infringement claim, in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”). Although DMCA applies only to copyright matters, BrickLink will also use the DMCA process to respond to trademark infringement claims.
If you believe that your work is the subject of copyright infringement and/or trademark infringement and appears on our Site, please provide our designated agent with the following information:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted and/or trademarked work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled at the Site, and information reasonably sufficient to permit BrickLink to locate the material.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit BrickLink to contact you as the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which you may be contacted.
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright and/or trademark owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
BrickLink’s agent for notice of claims of copyright or trademark infringement on this Site can be reached as follows:
Russell Callender
Email:
bricklink@support.lego.com
Address:
505 Technology Drive.
Suite 300
Irvine, CA 92618
U.S.A.
Attn: Legal Department
Please also note that for copyright infringements under Section 512(f) of the U.S.
Copyright Act
, any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may be subject to liability.
Submitting a
DMCA Counter-Notification
We will notify you that we have removed or disabled access to copyright-protected material that you provided, if such removal is pursuant to a valid DMCA take-down notice that we have received. If you receive such notice from us, you may provide us with a counter-notification in writing to the BrickLink designated agent that includes all of the following information:
Your physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;
A statement from you under the penalty of perjury, that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; and
Your name, physical address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of a court for the judicial district in which your physical address is located, or if your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which BrickLink may be located, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of allegedly infringing material or an agent of such person.
We have adopted and implemented a policy that provides for termination in appropriate circumstances of the accounts of users who repeatedly infringe copyrights or other intellectual property rights of BrickLink and/or others. We will terminate your account or access to the Site, if, under appropriate circumstances, you are determined to be a repeat infringer.
Members may also use the copyright counter-notification process to submit trademark claim counter-notifications.
Intellectual Property:
Text, graphics, images, sound and other content on this Site are protected by copyright law and are either the property of, or used with permission by, LEGO BrickLink, Inc. LEGO BrickLink, Inc. reserves all rights to the content, including the right to exploit the content for the purposes of text and data mining under applicable laws, including cf. Section 11 b of the Danish
Copyright Act
and Article 4 of the EU
DSM Directive
.
LEGO BrickLink, Inc. does not warrant or represent that your use of materials displayed on this Site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with LEGO BrickLink, Inc. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms of Service. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
The trademarks, and logos, displayed on the Site, are trademarks of the LEGO Group. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, or in any other way, any license or right to use any trademark displayed on the Site without the written permission of the LEGO Group or such third party that may own the trademarks displayed on the Site.
Users may not use the words "LEGO" or “BrickLink” in store names, nor may store names contain the trademarks of any third party unless permission has been granted by the trademark owner.
Governing Law; Severability, Waiver, Entire Agreement; Survival:
Except as provided below, these Terms together with all our policies are governed by and construed in accordance with Danish law, excluding conflicts of law provisions which would result in another jurisdiction’s law governing these Terms, provided this stipulation is not in conflict with mandatory rules of the state in which your abode is situated. Such rules shall remain unaffected.
For United States customers only
, these Terms together with all our policies are governed by and construed in accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act and the law of the State of Massachusetts , excluding its conflicts of law provisions.
If any provision of these Terms (other than the Class Action Waiver) shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions or the arbitrability of Disputes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Class Action Waiver is found to be illegal or unenforceable, (i) Disputes with users located in the United States will be decided by a State or Federal court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Connecticut and (ii) Disputes with users located in any other country will be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction in Denmark.
BrickLink’s failure to enforce any of these Terms is not a waiver of such terms.
These Terms are the entire agreement between you and BrickLink regarding the Site or the subject matter of these Terms and supersede all prior or contemporaneous negotiations, discussions or agreements between you and BrickLink about this Site or regarding such subject matter.
The proprietary rights, disclaimer of warranties, representations made by you, indemnities, limitations of liability and general provisions shall survive any termination of these Terms.
Dispute Resolution and Arbitration; Class Action Waiver:
If you reside in the EEA/UK/Switzerland/Australia/New Zealand/Turkey/Japan/Brazil
, then only this Section 27.1 will apply to you. BrickLink will try and solve any disagreements or disputes that arise between you and BrickLink promptly and efficiently. You and BrickLink may mutually agree to refer any disagreement or disputed matter to resolution proceedings other than in a court, but you and BrickLink are not restricted from bringing court proceedings at any time. The European Commission provides for an online dispute resolution platform, which you can access here:
https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/
. If you would like to bring a matter to our attention, please email us at
bricklink@support.lego.com
with the following information: (1) your name, (2) your address, (3) a written description of your disagreement or dispute, and (4) a description of the specific relief you seek. We are not obliged nor willing to participate in dispute settlement proceedings before a consumer arbitration board or scheme.
If you reside outside the EEA/UK/Switzerland/Australia/New Zealand/Turkey/Japan/Brazil
, then the terms below in this Section 27.2 apply to you.
This Section 27 facilitates the prompt and efficient resolution of any claim or controversy, suit, action, or other dispute, whether based in contract, statute, regulation, ordinance, tort – including, but not limited to, fraud, misrepresentation, fraudulent inducement, or negligence – or any other legal or equitable theory, and includes the validity, enforceability or scope of this provision (with the exception of the enforceability of the Class Action Waiver clause below) that may arise between you and BrickLink arising out of or relating to these Terms (
Disputes
).
Pre-Arbitration Claim Resolution
: For all Disputes, whether pursued in court or arbitration, you must first give BrickLink an opportunity to resolve the Dispute which is first done by
emailing us
the following information: (1) your name, (2) your address, (3) a written description of your Dispute, and (4) a description of the specific relief you seek. If we do not resolve the Dispute within 45 days after receiving your notification, then you may pursue your Dispute in arbitration as provided in this Section.
Individual Binding Arbitration
. Please read this Section carefully.
It provides that you and BrickLink agree that, except as expressly provided above in Pre-Arbitration Claim Resolution or below in this Section, all Disputes shall be resolved by binding individual arbitration as provided in this Section 27
. Arbitration replaces the right to go to court, and by entering into this arbitration agreement you acknowledge that you are waiving your right to bring claims and seek remedies in court, including the right to a judge or jury trial, and that your Disputes will be resolved by an arbitrator, not a court. The arbitrator must follow this arbitration agreement and can award the same damages and relief as a court, but may not award any damages disclaimed or limited by these Terms unless, as provided in this Agreement such disclaimer or limitations are not enforceable under applicable law. The arbitrator’s decision is final and binding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you agree that we may seek injunctive and equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction and without having to proceed through arbitration as provided in this Section.
Conduct of the Arbitration
. The arbitration will be conducted before a single arbitrator. The arbitration shall be commenced as an individual arbitration only, and shall in no event be commenced as a class or collective arbitration or a consolidated or representative action or arbitration. All Disputes submitted to arbitration under these Terms shall be governed by the law specified in Section 26. Unless otherwise agreed by the parties in writing, the arbitral award shall be made no more than 30 calendar days after the close of the arbitral hearing. Any failure to render the award within this time period shall not affect the validity of the award. The award shall be a reasoned award, including an explanation of the basis of the arbitrator’s decision, and shall be in writing. Such award shall be final and binding on the parties thereto. The prevailing party may present the award to a court of competent jurisdiction for confirmation. An arbitral award may be confirmed in a court of competent jurisdiction.
Arbitration Procedures
. If you are located within the United States, the then-applicable American Arbitration Association (
AAA
) Commercial Arbitration Rules (the “
US Rules
”) shall apply to any arbitration under these Terms, and if you are located outside the United States, the then-applicable United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (
UNCITRAL
) Arbitration Rules (“
International Rules
”) shall apply to any arbitration under these Terms, except to the extent the provisions of this Section vary from the applicable US Rules or International Rules. In the case of the International Rules, the appointing authority shall be the AAA and the case shall be administered by AAA in accordance with its “Procedures for Cases under the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules.” In the case of the US Rules, the arbitration shall be conducted and administered by the AAA. If the AAA refuses or declines to be the appointing authority or to conduct or administer an arbitration for any reason, then JAMS will be the appointing authority and JAMS will conduct and administer that arbitration. In such event, the then applicable
JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules & Procedures
shall apply to that arbitration and shall be the US Rules for that arbitration for purposes of this Section. If JAMS refuses or declines to be the appointing authority or to conduct or administer an arbitration for any reason, then BrickLink may specify a different organization to be the appointing authority and to conduct and administer that arbitration. Further, these Terms concern interstate commerce such that the Federal Arbitration Act (
FAA
) will govern the arbitrability of all Disputes. However, the arbitrator will apply applicable substantive law consistent with the FAA and the applicable statutes of limitations or conditions precedent to arbitration.
Payment of Arbitration Fees and Costs
: As long as you make a request in writing to BrickLink by emailing us at
bricklink@support.lego.com
prior to the commencement of the arbitration, including without limitation as a part of the pre-arbitration claim resolution contemplated by Section 27.2.2 above, BrickLink will pay all arbitration filing fees and AAA or JAMS or alternative authority hearing fees and any arbitrator's hearing fees, costs and expenses upon your written request to the arbitrator given at or before the first evidentiary hearing in the arbitration. But, you will still be responsible for all additional fees and costs that you incur in the arbitration which include but are not limited to attorneys’ fees or expert witnesses. In addition to any fees and costs recoverable under applicable law, if you provide notice and negotiate in good faith with BrickLink as provided in the Section above titled “Pre-Arbitration Claim Resolution” and the arbitrator concludes that you are the prevailing party in the arbitration, you will be entitled to recover reasonable attorney’s fees and costs as determined by the arbitrator.
Location of Arbitration
: If you are not located in the United States, you or BrickLink may initiate arbitration in a mutually agreeable location that is reasonably convenient for you and BrickLink. If you are located in the United States, you or BrickLink may initiate arbitration in the State of Massachusetts, or the federal judicial district that includes the address provided in your notification to BrickLink of Pre-Arbitration Claims Resolution.
Class Action Waiver: You agree not to participate as a representative or member of any class of claimants proceeding against BrickLink in a judicial forum or an arbitral forum, including a class, representative, collective, consolidated, or private attorney general action.
The arbitrators may not consolidate more than one person’s or entity’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a class, collective, or representative proceeding or claims unless both you and BrickLink specifically agree to do so following initiation of the arbitration in a writing signed by authorized representatives of each party.
If you choose to pursue your Disputes in court by opting out of this provision, as specified in Section 27.2.9 below, this Class Action Waiver will not apply to you. Class Action Waiver Opt-Out; Small Claims Court:
Notwithstanding the other terms in this Section, you or BrickLink may choose to pursue a Dispute in court and not by arbitration if (a) the Dispute may be and is initiated in small claims court in the United States; or (b)
YOU OPT-OUT OF THE ARBITRATION PROCEDURES IN THIS SECTION WITHIN THIRTY (30) DAYS FROM THE DATE THAT YOU FIRST AGREE TO THE THESE TERMS
(the “
Opt-Out Deadline
”). You may opt out of the arbitration terms in this Section by mailing written notification to BrickLink, Legal Department, 505 Technology Drive. Ste 300, Irvine, CA 92618. Your written notification must include (1) your name and your BrickLink username and account number, (2) your address, and (3) a clear statement that you do not wish to resolve disputes with BrickLink through arbitration. Your decision to opt-out of this arbitration provision will have no adverse effect on your relationship with BrickLink. Any opt-out request received after the Opt-Out Deadline is not valid and you must pursue your Dispute(s) in arbitration or small claims court as described in this Section.
If you are located in the United States and have elected to pursue Disputes in court by opting out of the arbitration terms in this Section, then you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction and venue of the United States federal courts located in the State of Massachusetts, United States of America, for all Disputes and, if those federal courts do not have jurisdiction over you or the Dispute, then the state courts located in the State of Massachusetts, United States of America. The jurisdiction of those courts shall be exclusive, provided that either party may seek injunctive relief or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction.
Jury Trial Waiver
: If you elect to pursue Disputes in court by opting out of arbitration in this Section then, to the extent jury trials are permitted under applicable law, each party hereby waives, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, its right to a jury trial for any cause of action, claim, or suit arising out of or related to these Terms.
Assignment:
You may not assign these Terms to any person or entity without our prior written consent. We may, without your consent, assign these Terms and the rights granted to us in these Terms to (a) an affiliated entity, including a direct or indirect parent company, subsidiary, or sister company, and (b) a third party in connection with a merger, reorganization or the sale or transfer of all or substantially all of our assets related to the Site.
Contacts
For EU users
: We have appointed a contact person who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to product safety, these Terms of Service or our Rules of Conduct. If you have any questions about product safety, these Terms or our Rules of Conduct, please
contact us
. You can also send a letter to our contact person at:
LEGO BrickLink
505 Technology Drive.
Suite 300
Irvine, CA 92618
U.S.A.
Attn: DSA/GPSR Contact Person
Please include your name and country to which your inquiry relates.
For EU users
: The contact person responsible for communicating with the Danish Digital Services Coordinator, the European Board for Digital Services, market surveillance authorities, and the EU Commission is: Larisa Pircalabelu at
DSAInquiries@LEGO.com
.
For EU users
: Pursuant to Article 13 of the EU Digital Services Act, we have appointed LEGO System A/S as our legal representative. Member States' competent authorities, the European Commission and the European Board for Digital Services can address their queries related to the Digital Services Act:
by email to:
DSAInquiries@LEGO.com
by email to:
LEGO System A/S
Aastvej 1, 7190 Billund
Denmark
Att: LEGO BrickLink DSA/GPSA Contact Person
Recommender systems
LEGO BrickLink uses recommender systems to show you sets that you can digitally build. The selection of sets shown is based on the following criteria: 1. Popular sets; and 2. if you are logged in: i. sets in ‘My Collection’ and ii. sets in ‘My Wanted List’.
LEGO and the LEGO logo are trademarks of the LEGO Group. ©2025 The LEGO Group.
BrickLink
Resources
Join In
Follow Us
Popular Payment Options
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Cookie Policy
Cookie Settings
Do not sell/share my personal information
DSA Notice
House Rules
LEGO, the LEGO logo, BrickLink, the Minifigure, DUPLO, the FRIENDS logo, the MINIFIGURES logo, DREAMZzz, NINJAGO, VIDIYO and MINDSTORMS are trademarks of the LEGO Group. © 2026 The LEGO Group. All rights reserved. Some LEGO® sets contain small parts and/or small balls that pose a choking hazard and are not suitable for children under 3 years of age. LEGO® DUPLO® elements are not small parts and are specifically designed for safe use by children under 3 years of age. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
.
BrickLink
About Us
History
Dan Jezek
Careers
Sitemap
Resources
Help Center & FAQ
Problem Center
Become a Seller
Studio Tutorials
Contact Us
Join In
Sign Up for Newsletter
Contribute to Catalog
Submit Bugs
Help with Research
Follow Us
Popular Payment Options
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Cookie Policy
Cookie Settings
Do not sell/share my personal information
DSA Notice
House Rules
LEGO, the LEGO logo, BrickLink, the Minifigure, DUPLO, the FRIENDS logo, the MINIFIGURES logo, DREAMZzz, NINJAGO, VIDIYO and MINDSTORMS are trademarks of the LEGO Group. © 2026 The LEGO Group. All rights reserved. Some LEGO® sets contain small parts and/or small balls that pose a choking hazard and are not suitable for children under 3 years of age. LEGO® DUPLO® elements are not small parts and are specifically designed for safe use by children under 3 years of age. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
.
BrickLink
About Us
History
Dan Jezek
Careers
Sitemap
Resources
Help Center & FAQ
Problem Center
Become a Seller
Studio Tutorials
Contact Us
Join In
Sign Up for Newsletter
Contribute to Catalog
Submit Bugs
Help with Research
Follow Us
Popular Payment Options
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Cookie Policy
Cookie Settings
Do not sell/share my personal information
DSA Notice
House Rules
LEGO, the LEGO logo, BrickLink, the Minifigure, DUPLO, the FRIENDS logo, the MINIFIGURES logo, DREAMZzz, NINJAGO, VIDIYO and MINDSTORMS are trademarks of the LEGO Group. © 2026 The LEGO Group. All rights reserved. Some LEGO® sets contain small parts and/or small balls that pose a choking hazard and are not suitable for children under 3 years of age. LEGO® DUPLO® elements are not small parts and are specifically designed for safe use by children under 3 years of age. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
.