Have a question?

We're happy to help

44.20.3137.1763Stores
Virtual Appointment
	
ENGAGEMENT RINGSWEDDING RINGSDIAMONDSGEMSTONESJEWELRYGIFTSABOUT
	
  GBP
	

HomeCustomer ServiceTerms and Conditions

Customer Service

Your Order
Order Status
Free Shipping
30 Day Returns
Shipping Outside of the US
My Account
Services
Our Jewelry Stores
Free 1-Year Resizing
Request Free Ring Sizer
Custom Jewelry
Engraving Services
Diamond Laser Inscriptions
Financing & Protection
Flexible Payment Options
Layaway Options
Jewelry Insurance By Lavalier
The Brilliant Earth Difference
Free Lifetime Diamond Upgrade
Free Lifetime Manufacturing Warranty
Temporary Engagement Setting
FSC Certified Packaging
Jewelry Recycle Program
Brilliant Earth Policies
Policies
Privacy Policy
Biometric Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Gift Cards
Contact Us
FAQs
Accessibility
Site Map
Terms and Conditions

These terms and conditions apply to the Brilliant Earth Web Site located at www.brilliantearth.com and its subsidiaries and affiliates, including Brilliant Earth's sites around the world (collectively the “Site”) and other websites that expressly incorporate these Conditions ("Conditions"). In some instances, a particular Brilliant Earth product purchased through the Site may be subject to additional policies, guidelines, terms, and/or agreements ("Terms"). In the event that such Terms are inconsistent with these Conditions, the Terms shall govern. BY VISITING AND/OR USING THIS SITE IN ANY WAY, SUCH AS BROWSING PRODUCTS OR PLACING AN ORDER, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. Please read these Conditions carefully. If you do not wish to be bound by these Conditions, do not access or use the Brilliant Earth Site.

Change of Terms

Brilliant Earth may, at its sole discretion, revise or add new terms to these Conditions from time to time without notice to you. Such revisions and additions shall be deemed effective immediately upon notice, which Brilliant Earth may give by any means, including, without limitation, by posting the revised Conditions on the Brilliant Earth Site. You are responsible for reviewing the Brilliant Earth Site for any modifications to these Conditions that may affect your rights or obligations. Any change or modification will be effective immediately upon posting of the revisions on the Site. Any access or use by you of the Brilliant Earth Site after changes to these Conditions will constitute your acceptance of the revised terms. If you do not agree to the amended terms, you must stop using the Site.

Content

The Site and all content and other materials, including, without limitation, text, icons, graphics, logos, images, designs, pictures, selection, coordination, "look and feel", information, data, sound files, and other files and software is the proprietary property of Brilliant Earth or its affiliates, licensors or users and is protected by United States and international trade dress, copyright laws, patent and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws. Copyright in the documents and material on the Brilliant Earth Site is owned by or licensed to Brilliant Earth. You are authorized to use this material only for personal, non-commercial purposes. You may download, print, and store copies of this material for your own personal, non-commercial use. Nothing contained on the Brilliant Earth Site should be construed as granting, by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark or service mark displayed on the Brilliant Earth Site without the written permission of Brilliant Earth or any third party that may own such trademarks or service marks. Brilliant Earth will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.

Trademarks

Brilliant Earth, the Brilliant Earth logos, and any other product or service name or slogan contained in our Site are trademarks of Brilliant Earth and/or its licensors, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Brilliant Earth or the applicable trademark holder. You may not use any metatags or any other "hidden text" utilizing "Brilliant Earth" or any other name, trademark or product or service name of Brilliant Earth without our prior written permission. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and Brilliant Earth names or logos mentioned in our Site are the property of their respective owners.

Use of the Site

You are granted a personal, limited, non-sublicensable license to access and use the Site and electronically copy, (except where prohibited without a license) and print to hard copy portions of the Site materials for your informational, non-commercial and personal use only. Such license is subject to these Conditions and does not include: (a) any resale or commercial use of our Site or the Site materials therein; (b) the collection and use of any product listings, pictures or descriptions for commercial purposes; (c) the distribution, public performance or public display of any Site materials, (d) modifying or otherwise making any derivative uses of our Site and the Site materials, or any portion thereof; (e) use of any automated means to access, monitor or interact with any portion of our Site, including through data mining, robots, spiders, scraping, or similar data gathering or extraction methods; (f) downloading (other than the page caching) of any portion of our Site, the Site materials or any information contained therein, except as expressly permitted on our Site; (g) cause to appear any pop-up, pop-under, exit windows, expanding buttons, banners, advertisement, or anything else which minimizes, covers, or frames or inhibits the full display of our Site; (h) use our web sites in any way which interferes with the normal operation of our sites; or (i) any use of our Site or the Site materials other than for its intended purpose. Any use of our Site or the Site materials other than as specifically authorized herein, without the prior written permission of Brilliant Earth, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted herein. Such unauthorized use may also violate applicable laws, including without limitation copyright and trademark laws and applicable communications regulations and statutes. Unless explicitly stated herein, nothing in these Conditions shall be construed as conferring any license to intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication, or otherwise. This license is revocable at any time.

Information on Our Site

Brilliant Earth is committed to providing current and accurate information on our web sites, email, chat, and telephone communications. We do not, however, warrant that this information is always correct, accurate or complete. In rare circumstances, data, including prices, may be inaccurately displayed on our Site due to system and typographical errors which may occur. Inadvertent errors or inaccurate advertised prices are not binding on Brilliant Earth, and may be adjusted by Brilliant Earth at any time. Brilliant Earth reserves the right to correct any and all errors when they do occur. If an order is placed with a lower product’s listed price than the actual price, Brilliant Earth will, at its discretion, either advise the customer before shipping the product or cancel the order and notify the customer of such cancellation. Brilliant Earth apologizes for any inconvenience that this may cause.

Information that we communicate is not a binding contract, and should not be treated as such. The sole remedy of a customer acting on incorrect information is to request a cancellation of the order placed as a result of this incorrect information. If an order has been shipped, the customer agrees to either return the product for full credit or pay the difference between the actual and charged prices. Please review our Return Policies.

Brilliant Earth holds a dynamic and high volume inventory. The stock availability on our website is listed "as is" and is subject to change. If a product in an order is out of stock, we will advise the customer immediately with possible options. Products may appear on the Brilliant Earth website larger or smaller than their actual size. Given the variation in computer monitor settings, color and size may vary slightly when viewing product photography. In compliance with industry standards and FTC regulations, carat total weight may vary 0.05 carats from stated weight. For gemstone and pearl measurements, a tolerance of 0.25mm is allowed. For diamond jewelry set with multiple diamonds, we provide the minimum total carat weight for the piece. Color and clarity grades are expressed as either a minimum or an average depending on the number of diamonds. If stated as a minimum, all diamonds within the piece are at or above the stated quality. If expressed as an average, collectively the quality is equal to or exceeds the grade stated.

Brilliant Earth retains the full unrestricted rights to all jewelry designs, whether custom or standard, and may choose to market or sell jewelry based on such designs.

Brilliant Earth's product details and prices are also subject to change without notice. All of our prices are final and non-negotiable. Additionally, in order to conserve natural resources, and maintain the high quality of our pieces, Brilliant Earth does not allow multiple pieces to be purchased for comparison, which is the act of buying several items with the intent of keeping the item that you like best and returning the remaining items that were purchased. If you have any questions regarding our policy, please contact our Customer Service line at 1-800-691-0952.

Brilliant Earth and any affiliated companies provide natural diamond origin information – whether on this website, in marketing materials, in materials provided to any purchaser, or anywhere else – without any warranty of any kind, either express or implied. All implied representations, warranties and conditions relating to diamond origin are hereby disclaimed where applicable. Natural diamond origin information is provided based upon information provided by the supplier, as well as demonstrated supplier adherence to the Brilliant Earth chain of custody protocol. While reasonable commercial efforts are made to ensure the accuracy of origin information provided, there can be no guarantee or warranty of the diamond origin information. The above limitation of liability extends to any persons who viewed Brilliant Earth natural diamonds listed with origin, any persons who purchased Brilliant Earth natural diamonds listed with origin, and to any other persons who may thereafter acquire Brilliant Earth natural diamonds that had been listed with origin.

All representations including representations regarding gemstone origin, repurposed content of precious metals, and estate information, are provided to the best of Brilliant Earth’s knowledge and without guarantee or warranty of any kind.

Your Account and Order

When you access or use the Brilliant Earth website or your personalized Brilliant Earth account, you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and for restricting access to your computer. You are further responsible for all activities that occur under your personal account and your password. If you are under the age of 18 years old, you may use BrilliantEarth.com only under the guidance and direction of a parent or guardian. Please note that Brilliant Earth reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content or cancel orders.

In the case where a customer files a chargeback, Brilliant Earth has the right to recover its direct and indirect costs, and cancel any promotional items, free shipping, or other benefits, as determined in Brilliant Earth's sole and absolute discretion.

Diamond Certificates

Customers that order loose natural diamonds will receive a link to the online certificate via email after their diamond purchase. Customers that purchase lab grown diamonds with GIA grading reports will also receive a link to the online certificate via email.

These grading reports are detailed documents created by diamond grading experts at highly-respected diamond laboratories. These diamond grading reports are extremely expensive to replace and as a result of this, Brilliant Earth requires each diamond grading report to be included with each returned diamond. If you do not include the diamond grading report with your return, you will be charged a replacement fee of two hundred and fifty dollars (£‌230.00).

Passage of Title

For orders in the United States and Canada, title for goods purchased passes from Brilliant Earth to the purchaser’s designee at the time that goods are delivered to the designee. For orders outside of the United States and Canada, passage of title is determined by our international fulfillment partner, Global-e. Please refer to Global-e’s Terms of Sale for more information.

Order Approval and Cancellation

Receipt of an order confirmation message from Brilliant Earth only confirms that your order request has been received. Customer orders are not accepted by Brilliant Earth until the time they have been processed and approved at our headquarters. Brilliant Earth is not obligated to complete a customer order, and reserves the right to cancel products or services to any customer for any reason at any time. The customer's sole remedy in such cases will be the full refund of any funds that we have collected in reference to the canceled products and/or services.

Privacy

Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to this site and for information on how Brilliant Earth collects, uses and discloses personally identifiable information from its customers. Brilliant Earth does reserve the right to cooperate with legitimate governmental requests, subpoenas or court orders, to protect Brilliant Earth’s systems and customers, or to ensure the integrity and operation of Brilliant Earth’s business and systems, and as such, Brilliant Earth may access and disclose any information it considers necessary or appropriate, including, without limitation, user profile information (i.e. name, e-mail address, etc.), IP addressing and traffic information, usage history, and posted User Content (as defined herein). Brilliant Earth’s right to disclose any such information shall govern over any terms of Brilliant Earth’s Privacy Policy.

Repeat Infringer Policy

In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") and other applicable law, Brilliant Earth has the sole discretion to terminate and bar specific website users or Brilliant Earth account holders who under appropriate circumstances are determined to be repeat infringers. Brilliant Earth further reserves the right to limit access to this website and/or terminate the account of any users whom Brilliant Earth reasonably suspects to have infringed any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.

Advertisements and Promotions

Brilliant Earth may run advertisements and promotions from third parties on our website. These advertisements and promotions are conducted under the direction of the third party and Brilliant Earth is not responsible or liable for any loss, damage or liability incurred by you as a result of any dealings with the third party provider or resulting from the presence of these unaffiliated third parties on our website. Any business transactions, correspondence with, participation in the promotions of, advertisers other than Brilliant Earth and any terms, conditions, warranties, or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such third party.

Feedback and Submissions

You acknowledge and agree that any feedback or submissions, including but not limited to questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, plans, notes, drawings, original or creative materials or other information, regarding this website, Brilliant Earth, or the Brilliant Earth products or services that are provided by you to Brilliant Earth in any form are not confidential and upon submission, shall become the sole property of Brilliant Earth. Brilliant Earth shall own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights to said feedback and submissions, and shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of the feedback and submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you. You grant Brilliant Earth and its sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they so choose. You represent and warrant that (a) you own and control all of the rights to the content that you submit, or that you otherwise have the right to submit such content to this site; (b) the content is accurate and not misleading; and (c) use and posting of the content you supply will not and does not violate any rights of or cause injury to any person or entity.

Social Media User Content

At times, Brilliant Earth may reach out to social media users to seek their permission to feature our favorite content on our Site, social channels, or in promotional materials. Brilliant Earth may request permission from you to use your social media User Content consisting of photos, text, graphics, audio, video, comments and other materials from social media sites, in connection with Brilliant Earth’s business, product features, marketing, promotional, advertising and other consumer-related activities.

When you respond to a request for permission to use your social media User Content, you are granting Brilliant Earth and its related agents, licensees, sublicensees, contractors, successors, legal representatives, assigns, and third-party service providers, and their respective retail partners, marketing or public relations agencies, and other affiliates (the “Licensed Parties”) a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully-paid, non-exclusive, transferable, sublicensable right to use your social media User Content in any manner to be determined in the Licensed Parties’ sole discretion, including but not limited to on webpages and social media pages operated by the Licensed Parties, in promotional e-mails and advertisements, and in any and all other marketing, promotional and advertising initiatives, and in any media now or hereafter known. The Licensed Parties may use, display, reproduce, distribute, transmit, create derivative works from, combine with other materials, alter and/or edit your social media User Content in any manner in their sole discretion, with no obligation to you whatsoever.

You are also granting the Licensed Parties the right to use your username, real name, image, likeness, descriptions of you, location or other identifying information, including but not limited to your voice, in connection with any use of your social media User Content.

You are also agreeing, representing and warranting that (i) you are solely responsible for your social media User Content, (ii) you own all rights in and to your social media User Content and/or have obtained appropriate rights and permissions from any and all other persons and/or entities who own, manage or otherwise claim any rights with respect to such social medial User Content, (iii) you are not a minor, (iv) the Licensed Parties’ use of your social media User Content as described herein will not violate the rights, including but not limited to copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, privacy, publicity, moral, proprietary or other rights, of any third party, or any law, rule or regulation, and (v) the social media User Content is not libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, indecent, threatening, harassing, hateful, or offensive or otherwise unlawful.

Please note that the social media User Content that you submit is deemed non-confidential and the Licensed Parties have no obligation to maintain the confidentiality of any information, in whatever form, contained in any submission, except pursuant to the Licensed Parties’ respective privacy policies. By using this Site, you are consenting to the Licensed Parties’ collection of any personal information you provide for the Licensed Parties’ use and disclosure in connection with the use of your social media User Content as described herein. Your personal information may also be transferred to servers located outside the country in which you live or to third parties in other countries so that we may process personal information on the Licensed Parties behalf. By providing the Licensed Parties with personal information, you agree to the foregoing collection, use, disclosure, transfer and processing of your information in accordance with the terms of these Conditions, the Brilliant Earth Privacy Policy and applicable data protection laws and regulations.

The Licensed Parties reserve the right to remove any social media User Content from the Site. If you believe any content, including social media User Content, residing on the Site infringes any person’s or entity’s copyright rights, please contact Brilliant Earth.

Product Reviews and User Content

Brilliant Earth’s website and social media accounts include or may include in the future a product review feature, discussion forums, user generated content, or other areas or services in which you or a third party has the opportunity to create, post, or store content, messages, materials or other items on our website or social media accounts (“Interactive Areas”). You shall be solely responsible for your use of such Interactive Areas. By using any Interactive Areas, you agree not to post, upload to, transmit, distribute, store, create or otherwise publish through our website any of the following: (a) Any message, data, information, text, music, sound, photos, video, graphics, code or other material (“User Content”) that is or would reasonably be considered to be unlawful, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, suggestive, harassing, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory, fraudulent or otherwise objectionable; (b) User Content that would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or that would otherwise create liability or violate any local, state, national or international law, statute or regulation, including, but not limited to, the regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any rules of a securities exchange such as the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ; (c) User Content that may infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual or proprietary right of any party; (d) User Content that impersonates any person or entity or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity; (e) Unsolicited promotions, political campaigning, advertising or solicitations; (f) Private information of any third party, including, without limitation, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, Social Security numbers and credit card numbers; (g) Viruses, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files; and (h) User Content that, in the sole judgment of Brilliant Earth, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Interactive Areas or our website, or which may expose Brilliant Earth or its users to any harm or liability of any type.

If you post User Content to our website, email User Content to Brilliant Earth, and/or provide Brilliant Earth permission to use, repost, or otherwise share User Content you have created or shared on social media, you grant Brilliant Earth a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such User Content throughout the world in any media. You further grant Brilliant Earth and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose to do so. You represent and warrant that (a) you own and control all of the rights to the User Content or you otherwise have the right to such User Content; (b) the User Content is accurate and not misleading; and (c) use and posting of the User Content you supply does not violate these Terms and Conditions and will not violate any rights of or cause injury to any person or entity.

Brilliant Earth disclaims any responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content posted, stored or uploaded by you or any third party, or for any loss or damage thereto, nor shall Brilliant Earth be liable for any mistakes, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography or profanity you may encounter as a result of said User Content posted. Your use of the Brilliant Earth Interactive Areas is at your own risk. Brilliant Earth is not liable for any statements, representations or User Content provided by its users in any public forum, personal home page or other Interactive Area. Additionally, Brilliant Earth reserves the right, and has absolute discretion, to remove, screen or edit any User Content posted or stored on our website at any time and for any reason without notice, and you are solely responsible for creating backup copies of and replacing any User Content you post or store on our website at your sole cost and expense.

Any use of the Interactive Areas or other portions of the Brilliant Earth website in violation of the foregoing paragraph violates these Conditions and may result in termination or suspension of your rights to use the Interactive Areas and/or our website.

Marketing and Customer Service Communications via Text Message

Enrollment

If you enroll in one of our text messaging programs, you are providing your prior express written consent to receive recurring automated promotional and personalized marketing or customer service text (e.g., SMS and MMS) messages from Brilliant Earth. Depending on the programs you enroll in, text messages include, but are not limited to, appointment reminders, order and service request updates, messages about your customer experience (including surveys), cart reminders, and product discounts and other promotions. Text messages may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system to the mobile telephone number you provide when signing up or any other number that you designate. Consent to receive automated marketing or customer service text messages is not a condition of any purchase. If you do not agree to these text message terms, do not sign up for text messages. You acknowledge that you are at least eighteen years of age and you have the consent of the wireless account holder to sign up for text messages and pay for any related fees.

Message and data rates may apply. Please consult your mobile carrier plan to confirm applicable charges and other fees for sending and receiving text messages. In no event will Brilliant Earth or its affiliates be responsible for any plan or other related charges incurred as a result of your enrollment in our text messaging program.

Message frequency will vary. While we anticipate sending between four and eight marketing messages per month, Brilliant Earth reserves the right to alter the frequency of messages sent at any time, so as to increase or decrease the total number of sent messages. Brilliant Earth also reserves the right to change any short code or phone number from which messages are sent and we will notify you when we do so. Not all mobile devices or handsets may be supported, and our messages may not be deliverable in all areas. Brilliant Earth, its service providers used to provide the text messaging program, and the mobile carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. Delivery is subject to effective transmission from your network operator. You are responsible for updating your number with us and ensuring your account information is correct. Your carrier may restrict or prohibit certain mobile features and certain mobile features may be incompatible with your carrier or mobile device. Our marketing text message program applies only to mobile devices registered in the United States and Canada and with United States and Canadian carriers. Please review your wireless carrier’s policies and contact them if you have any questions.

Cancellation; Help

You can opt out of receiving text messages from us at any time by texting the keyword “STOP”, “END”, “CANCEL”, “UNSUBSCRIBE” or “QUIT” to our shortcode or phone number. In response, you will receive one additional message confirming that your request has been processed. You acknowledge that our text message platforms may not recognize and respond to unsubscribe requests that do not include a “STOP”, “END”, “CANCEL”, “UNSUBSCRIBE” or “QUIT” keyword command and agree that Brilliant Earth and its service providers used to provide text messaging programs will have no liability for failing to honor such requests.

If you change or deactivate your mobile number, please contact Brilliant Earth so that we may update our records and discontinue sending messages to your previously opted-in number.

Disclaimer of Warranties

The Site, the content contained therein and the products provided in connection therewith are provided on an 'as is' and 'as available' basis. Brilliant Earth makes no representations or warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, as to the operation of the Site or the information, content, materials or products included on it. You expressly agree that your use of the Site is at your sole risk, by your own free will, and that you are solely responsible for any consequences arising from this use. Without limiting the foregoing, Brilliant Earth disclaims all warranties, whether expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and/or fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement as to the information, content, and materials on the Site. Brilliant Earth does not warrant that the Site, its servers, or its electronic communication are accurate, reliable, complete, current or free of viruses or other harmful components.

Limitation of Liability

In no event shall Brilliant Earth, its directors, members, employees, affiliates, or agents or any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the brilliant earth products be liable to you or any third party for damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive and consequential damages or other damages of any kind, including but not limited to loss of use, loss of profits, or loss of data, whether in contract, tort, or otherwise, including negligence, arising out of or in any way connected with or resulting from the use of our site, the products, the services or the content contained in or accessed through the Brilliant Earth Site, or that results from the reliance by user on any information obtained from Brilliant Earth, including any error or omission regarding listed diamond origin, any mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or emails, errors, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission or any failure of performance of the Brilliant Earth Site, whether or not resulting from acts of god, communications failure, theft, destruction or unauthorized access to Brilliant Earth’s programs or services, even if brilliant earth is expressly advised of the possibility of such damages, or even if the loss, damage or expense was caused by Brilliant Earth, its directors, members, employees, affiliates or agents. In no event shall Brilliant Earth's liability be greater than the price you paid for the product or service that is the basis for the claim.

Some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. It is your responsibility to check local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusions of implied warranties.

Indemnification

You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Brilliant Earth, its independent contractors, service providers and consultants, and its parents, affiliates, and related entities and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents from and against all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, expenses and costs (including without limitation reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs), arising out of or relating to your breach of these Conditions or your access to or use of the Brilliant Earth Site or inability to use the Site, including without limitation any actual or threatened suit, demand or claim made against Brilliant Earth and/or its independent contractors, service providers, employees, directors or consultants, arising out of or relating to the Content, your conduct, your violation of these Terms and Conditions or your violation of the rights of any third party.

Links to Other Sites and Services

Links to other Internet sites and services operated by third parties, including Brilliant Earth vendors, do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, or approval by Brilliant Earth of the content, policies, or practices of such linked sites or services. Brilliant Earth is not responsible for the availability, content, security, policies, or practices of linked sites or services, including, without limitation, the accuracy of content on linked sites or services and the privacy policies and practices of linked sites and services.

Termination

Notwithstanding any of these Conditions, Brilliant Earth reserves the right, without notice and in its sole discretion, to terminate your license to use this site, and to block or prevent future your access to and use of the Site.

Dispute Resolution

You and Brilliant Earth each acknowledge and agree that, for any dispute, claim, or controversy between us, whether related to Brilliant Earth’s Site, products, services:

You and Brilliant Earth are each waiving the right to a trial by jury.
Any litigation shall be conducted in our individual capacities, and not as a class action or other representative action.
Any declaratory or injunctive relief may only be awarded on an individual basis and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the individual claims.
You and Brilliant Earth expressly waive any rights to file a class or representative action, or to seek relief on a class or representative basis. This means that you and Brilliant Earth may not be plaintiffs or class members in any purported class, collective, or representative proceeding, and may each bring claims against the other only in your or its individual capacity.
Notwithstanding the above, you and Brilliant Earth each retain the right to participate in class-wide settlement of claims.

You and Brilliant Earth each further acknowledge and agree that, if this Section or any portion of it is determined to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remaining portions of this Section and these Conditions will not be affected or impaired, and shall be considered valid and enforceable, and therefore shall be enforced to the greatest extent allowed by law.

Miscellaneous

These Conditions contain the entire understanding of you and Brilliant Earth with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between you and Brilliant Earth with respect to the subject matter hereof. The failure of Brilliant Earth at any time to enforce any of the provisions of these Conditions will not be deemed or construed to be a waiver of any such provisions, or in any way to affect the right of Brilliant Earth to thereafter enforce each and every provision of these Conditions. No waiver by Brilliant Earth of any breach of any provision of these Conditions will be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other subsequent breach. If any provision of these Conditions or portion thereof is declared invalid or otherwise determined to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining portions of the applicable provision and these Conditions will not be affected or impaired, and shall be considered valid and enforceable, and therefore shall be enforced to the greatest extent allowed by law. Provisions concerning your rights and obligations which by the content of the provision operate after termination or which are necessary to enforce any right will survive any termination or expiration of these Conditions.

Questions

If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us.

International Orders

Orders outside of the United States and Canada are handled by our international fulfillment partner, Global-e, and are governed by Global-e’s Terms of Sale.

Terms and Conditions last updated on August 21, 2024.

ABOUT
Our Story
Our Mission
Responsible Sourcing
Sustainability Goals
How We Give Back
Our People
Brilliant Earth Reviews
ORDERS
Track Your Order
Free 30 Day Returns
Free Shipping Both Ways
Free Lifetime Warranty
CONTACT US
Live Chat
Book Appointment
Stores
Email Us
44.20.3137.1763
Affiliates
EDUCATION
Blog
4 C's of Diamond Guide
Lab Grown vs. Natural Diamond
Moissanite vs. Diamond Guide
Free Ring Sizer + Ring Size Chart
Careers
Investor Relations
CUSTOMER SERVICE
We’ve Got You Covered
FAQs
Jewelry Financing
Lifetime Diamond Upgrade
Promo Codes & Offers
Refer a Friend
Accessibility
Accessibility Info
SIGN UP

Email me updates and offers

Your Email Address
By checking this box and submitting my email address, I agree to Brilliant Earth's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions.
©2026 Brilliant Earth, LLCTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyInterest-Based AdsDo Not Sell or Share My Personal InformationCA Transparency ActCPRASite Map
   AUD|   CAD|   GBP|   USD