Mobile Terms & Conditions

BudsGunShop.com LLC offers its customers mobile marketing alerts regarding promotions, sales, offers, and cart reminders by SMS message (the "Service") on short code 82124. Customers may also sign up to receive order and shipping notifications by SMS message (the "Service") on short code 91648. By participating in the Service, you are agreeing to these Terms and to the Privacy Policy.

Signing Up and Opting-In to the Service
Enrollment in the Service requires you to provide your mobile phone number and to agree to these terms and conditions. You may not enroll if you are under 21 years old. Before the Service will start, you will need to agree to these Terms. BudsGunShop.com LLC reserves the right to stop offering the Service at any time with or without notice.


By opting into the Service, you:


Authorize BudsGunShop.com LLC to use auto dialer or non-auto dialed technology to send recurring text messages to the mobile phone number associated with your opt-in (i.e., the number listed on the opt-in form or, if none, the number from which you send the opt-in, or, if none, the number on file for the account associated with your opt-in).
Acknowledge that you do not have to agree to receive messages as a condition of purchase.
Confirm that you are the subscriber to the relevant phone number or that you are the customary user of that number on a family or business plan and that you are authorized to opt in.
Consent to the use of an electronic record to document your opt-in. To request a free paper or email copy of the opt-in or to update our records with your contact information, please contact us at (859) 368-0371. To view and retain an electronic copy of these Terms or the rest of your opt-in, you will need (i) a device (such as a computer or mobile phone) with Internet access, and (ii) and either a printer or storage space on such device. For an email copy, you'll also need an email account you can access from the device, along with a browser or other software that can display the emails.
Content You May Receive
Once you affirm your choice to opt-in to the Service on short code 82124, your message frequency may vary. You may receive alerts about:


Sales
Promotions
Offers
Cart reminders

Once you affirm your choice to opt-in to the Service on short code 91648, your message frequency may vary. You may receive alerts about:


An order has been placed
An order has been shipped
An order has been delivered
Charges and Carriers
Message and data rates may apply. Please consult your service agreement with your wireless carrier or contact your wireless carrier to determine your phone's pricing plan and the charges for sending and receiving text messages. You acknowledge that you are responsible for any message, data or other charges incurred (usage, subscription, etc.) as a result of using the Service.


Supported carriers are AT & T, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Boost, Virgin Mobile, U.S. Cellular, Cricket, Alltel, Cincinnati Bell, Cellcom, C-Spire, nTelos, MetroPCS, and other smaller regional carriers. The Service may not be available on all wireless carriers. BudsGunShop.com LLC may add or remove any wireless carrier from the Service at any time without notice. BudsGunShop.com LLC and mobile carriers are not responsible for any undue delays, failure of delivery, or errors in messages.

To Stop the Service
To stop receiving text messages from BudsGunShop.com LLC, text the word STOP to 82124 or 91648 any time or reply STOP to any of the text messages you have received from BudsGunShop.com LLC. This is the exclusive method for opting out. After texting STOP to 82124 or 91648, you will receive one additional message confirming that your request has been processed.

Questions
You can text HELP for help at any time to 82124 or 91648. You can contact us by phone at (859) 368-0371. You can also contact us here. 

Changes to Terms
These mobile terms and conditions are subject to change at any time without notice.