Terms of Use | Buffalo Wild Wings
skip to main content
Terms & Conditions
Effective Date 03/12/21
Binding Arbitration
Ownership of the Site
Privacy
Site Access and Restrictions
Accounts & Passwords
Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards
Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards Shop
Ordering, Availability & Payment
Site Accuracy
Third Party Websites
Mobile Application
Disclaimer of Warranties
Limitation of liability
Export Policy and Restrictions
Governing Law
Arbitration Agreement
Termination
Other Terms
Assignment
Miscellaneous
These terms and conditions of use (the “Terms”) govern your use of our online interfaces and properties, including our websites and mobile applications, and any loyalty program or other program or services (collectively, the “Site”). Please read these Terms carefully before using this Site.The Site is owned or controlled by Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc., Buffalo Wild Wings International, Inc. and any affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “B-Dubs”). By accessing this Site in any way, including, without limitation, browsing this Site, using any information, and/or submitting information to B-Dubs, you agree to and are bound by the terms, conditions, policies and notices contained in the Terms. From time to time we may update this Site and these Terms.  Your use of this Site after we post any changes to these Terms constitutes your agreement to those changes. This Site is offered and available to users who are at least 18 years or older (or over the legal age of majority in your jurisdiction). By using this Site, you represent and warrant that you meet all of the foregoing eligibility requirements. If you do not meet all of these requirements, you must not access or use the Site.
1. Binding Arbitration
These Terms provide that all disputes, controversies, or claims arising between you and B-Dubs will be resolved by BINDING AND FINAL ARBITRATION. ACCORDINGLY, YOU AGREE TO GIVE UP YOUR RIGHT TO GO TO COURT (INCLUDING IN A CLASS ACTION PROCEEDING) to assert or defend your rights (except for matters that may be taken to small claims court or as it relates to provisional or injunctive relief). Your rights will be determined by a NEUTRAL ARBITRATOR and NOT a judge or jury and your claims cannot be brought as a class action. Please review the Section below entitled Arbitration Agreement for the details regarding your agreement to arbitrate any and all disputes with B-Dubs.
2. Ownership of the Site
Content on this Site that is provided by B-Dubs or its licensors, including certain graphics, photographs, images, screen shots, text, digitally downloadable files, trademarks, logos, product and program names, slogans, and the compilation of the foregoing ("B-Dubs Content") is the property of B-Dubs and its licensors, and is protected in the U.S. and internationally under trademark, copyright, and other intellectual property laws.
You agree not to download, display or use any B-Dubs Content located on the Site for use in any publications, in public performances, on websites other than this Site for any other commercial purpose, in connection with products or services that are not those of B-Dubs, in any other manner that is likely to cause confusion among consumers, that dilutes the strength of B-Dubs or its licensor's property, or that otherwise infringes B-Dubs or its licensors’ intellectual property rights. You further agree to in no other way misuse any B-Dubs Content or third party Content that appears on this Site.
3. Privacy
Please also consult our
Privacy Policy
for a description of our privacy practices and policies. Our Privacy Policy is a part of these Terms and you agree to our use and sharing of the information we collect about you as described in our Privacy Policy.
4. Site Access and Restrictions
The following requirements apply to your use the Site: (a) you will not use any electronic communication feature of the Site for any purpose that is unlawful, tortious, abusive, intrusive on another's privacy, harassing, libelous, defamatory, embarrassing, obscene, threatening, or hateful; (b) you will not upload, post, reproduce, or distribute any information, software, or other material protected by copyright or any other intellectual property right (as well as rights of publicity and privacy) without first obtaining the permission of the owner of such rights; (c) you will not collect or store personal data about other users; (d) you will not use the Site for any commercial purpose not expressly approved by B-Dubs in writing; (e) you will not upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any advertising or promotional materials or any other form of solicitation or unauthorized communication; (f) you will not upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any material that contains viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs which might interrupt, limit, or interfere with the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.
You may not use any automated means, including but not limited to robots, spiders, scrapers, crawlers, or any other automated tools or processes, to access, monitor, or copy any content, data, or materials from this website without our express written permission, deep-link to any feature or content on the Site, bypass our robot exclusion headers or other measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Site.
You are expressly prohibited from using, copying, or extracting any content, data, or materials from this website for purposes of training, developing, or improving artificial intelligence, machine learning models, or large language models.
Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. B-Dubs will investigate occurrences that may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations. You agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this Site or any activity being conducted on this Site.
5. Accounts & Passwords
The Site is not intended for use by anyone who has not yet reached the legal age of majority (which in most jurisdictions is either 18 or 21). If a particular feature or service offered on the Site requires you to open an account, you must complete the specified registration process by providing us with current, complete, and accurate information as requested by the applicable online registration form. It is your responsibility to maintain the currency, completeness, and accuracy of your registration data and any loss caused by your failure to do so is your responsibility. After you have fully completed the registration form, you may be asked to choose a password and a user name. It is entirely your responsibility to maintain the confidentiality of your password and account. Additionally, you are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account. You further agree not to email, post, or otherwise disseminate any user ID, password, or other information which provides you access to the Site.  B-Dubs is not liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or account, either with or without your knowledge.
6. Buffalo
Wild Wings Rewards
The Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards Loyalty Program is offered at the sole discretion of Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. (“
BWW'
”). Loyalty Program rules, terms, conditions, benefits or rewards may be modified at any time by BWW, with or without notice. Such changes may affect previously earned points and rewards.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY AND NOTE THAT THESE TERMS CONTAIN PROVISIONS THAT GOVERN THE RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES BETWEEN US AND YOU. THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH BWW’, INCLUDING MANDATORY ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES BETWEEN US, INSTEAD OF CLASS ACTIONS OR JURY TRIALS.
Please also read the
Privacy Policy
and Terms of Use carefully to understand how BWW collects, uses and discloses information about its customers.
Program Description:
Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards is a customer loyalty program that allows a Member (as defined below) to receive and redeem Points for Rewards (as defined below). No business entities, third-party aggregators, organizations, or groups may register for the Program or receive Points (as defined below). BWW reserves the right to limit participation and enrollment at any time.
How to Enroll for New Members:
Go to
www.buffalowildwings.com
or the Buffalo Wild Wings App and create a new account and provide the following information:
First Name, Last Name, Password, Email, and mobile number
Birthday (month, day)
Zip Code: It is optional to provide zip code in the BWW App or to enroll through the website. Providing a zip code will enable us to provide you with more targeted, market-specific offers.
How to Get Points in Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards
To receive Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards loyalty points (“
Points
”), you must make Qualifying Purchases (as defined below) at participating BWW locations providing your server with your Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards-enrolled mobile phone number, order through the BWW app and pay with a payment method available in the app, using the App, scan the QR code available on your BWW order receipt or enter the claim number (a "
Qualifying Purchase
”). You can also accumulate Points by participating in Program member promotion opportunities provided in the App or BWW Website. The terms for the Points received from Program promotions (each a “
Promotion
” or a “
Promotional Activity
”) will vary and will be outlined in the Promotion details. There is no limit on the total number of Points that you can have in your Rewards account; however, each Promotion may have its own criteria for determining how many Points will be received through that Promotion.
Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards members (“
Members
”) can receive ten (10) Points for every one U.S. dollar ($1.00) spent on Qualifying Purchases, exclusive of tax, fees, gratuities or discounts. Orders made through third-party delivery platforms (e.g. Doordash, Grubhub, UberEats, etc.) may not qualify as purchases toward Member status or receipt of Points. A maximum of two (2) purchases per day, and seven (7) purchases in any seven (7)-day contiguous period, will qualify as Qualifying Purchases toward Member status or receipt of Points. Only the first two (2) purchases in any one day or the first seven (7) purchases in any contiguous 7-day period will count toward Point accrual and Member status.
Blazin’ Status: Members who have spent at least two hundred and fifty U.S. dollars ($250.00) on Qualifying Purchases in a calendar year will have attained “
Blazin’ Status
”. At Blazin’ Status, Members will receive twelve (12) Points for each U.S. dollar ($1.00) spent on Qualifying Purchases. Once unlocked, Blazin’ Status remains unlocked for the remainder of the then-current calendar year as well as the immediately following calendar year. Thereafter, a Member who has achieved Blazin’ Status will maintain Blazin’ Status as long as such Member makes two hundred and fifty U.S. dollars ($250) worth of Qualifying Purchases in each subsequent calendar year. A calendar year is the period commencing on January 1st of any year, and ending on December 31 of such year.
Bonus Points may be offered from time to time based on geographic location or Promotional Activity (e.g., making certain Qualifying Purchases during certain time periods or making Qualifying Purchases using Mobile ordering). Points for such activities will be given as described in the applicable offer and will be subject to any additional terms set forth with that offer. BWW is under no obligation to provide Members with any particular number of Point opportunities or special offers.
Qualifying Purchases including all BWW food and non-alcoholic beverage products purchased at participating BWW locations in the manner provided in these terms. Qualifying Purchases exclude the purchase or reload of BWW Gift Cards, Rewards Redemptions, purchase of retail merchandise, donations to charity unless otherwise specified, certain non-Program promotional offers, and purchases of alcoholic beverages where prohibited. Other exclusions may apply. You will not receive Points for any amounts paid in delivery fees, surcharges, sales, use or other transactional taxes.
Point balances will be available in your account on the BWW Website and in the BWW App. In certain cases, it may take up to seventy-two (72) hours or more after a Qualifying Purchase for Points to be available.
From time to time, participating BWW store locations may experience system unavailability and cannot process a Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards transaction and Points will not be recorded. Members can contact Customer Care to request that Customer Care manually apply the Points for a Qualifying Purchase transaction into the Member’s account. The Customer Care Team can be contacted by email at
[email protected]
or at1
-877-335-7693
Delivery Platforms:
Points cannot be accumulated on purchases made through third-party delivery platforms.
How To Redeem Points for Rewards
Points may be redeemed for Rewards, which consist of select BWW food and beverage items. The number of Points required for a particular Reward will be outlined in the Reward Catalog, which is available in the BWW App and on buffalowildwings.com (“
Website
”) and may be changed from time to time. Members must have at least enough available Points in their account for the Reward that the Member wishes to redeem. Points accrued by a Member in any purchase or transaction may only be redeemed for Rewards in a separate, subsequent purchase or transaction.
To use accumulated Points to get a Reward, the Member will select the Reward item via the Website, the App, and follow the prompts to submit the Reward request. Upon selection of a Reward to be redeemed, the Points for the Reward will immediately be deducted from the accumulated Point balance.
Points will be restored to a Member's account only in the event BWW determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that the Reward requested by that Member is unavailable or cannot be delivered. BWW reserves the right to limit the redemption of specific Rewards and limit the number of Rewards available.
Points can be redeemed for Rewards from the food roster in the BWW App, or by visiting the Website (http://www.buffalowildwings.com/rewards).To redeem Points for a Reward in the BWW App, go to the Rewards Catalog and select the Reward you wish to redeem. The Reward will be added to your account.
How to Redeem Rewards
Each Reward can only be used once. Once a Reward has been applied, it is non-refundable.
For menu Reward items, the Rewards are accessible instantly upon request and will be available to use for ninety (90) days from the time the Reward request was submitted. Menu item Rewards will automatically be applied to the next purchase of that item if that item is purchased in a participating B-Dubs within the ninety (90)-day period. For menu items, the submitted Rewards that are not redeemed will automatically expire at the end of that ninety (90)-day period. For non-menu reward items, the availability of the reward will vary and will be specified in the Reward item detail. The Program Reward requirements are subject to additions, modifications, inclusion/exclusion changes and eliminations. Neither expired Rewards, not the Points used to request such Rewards will be replaced or re-credited to a Member’s account.
Points, Rewards and Member benefits may not be gifted, purchased, sold, bartered, brokered or otherwise transferred, except that the Program may allow a Member to donate or gift Points and/or Rewards in certain limited instances.
Rewards may not be used toward payment of tax or gratuity, for the purchase of alcoholic beverages, or BWW Gift Cards. Rewards have no cash value, are not for resale and are not redeemable for cash. BWW reserves the right to substitute a Reward of equal or greater value for any reason. BWW reserves the right to delay the processing of any Reward, without notice to you, in order to ensure compliance with these Terms. Void where prohibited.
Attempts to redeem single-use offers and verification codes for Rewards multiple times or through multiple users may constitute fraud and may result in the termination or suspension of your account.
Point Expiration
If a Member does not make a Qualifying Purchase for a period of 12 months, any Points that the Member has previously received will expire and will be removed from the Members’ account. Points and Rewards cannot be reinstated after they have been removed.
BWW reserves the right to invalidate purchases credited to a Member’s account and associated points if it is determined that (a) Points were incorrectly posted to such account, or (b) Points were obtained fraudulently.
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY – IT MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU AND BWW AGREE TO GIVE UP ANY RIGHTS TO LITIGATE CLAIMS IN A COURT OR BEFORE A JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION WITH RESPECT TO A CLAIM. OTHER RIGHTS THAT YOU WOULD HAVE IF YOU WENT TO COURT, SUCH AS ACCESS TO DISCOVERY, ALSO MAY BE UNAVAILABLE OR LIMITED IN ARBITRATION.
WE BOTH AGREE TO ARBITRATE
. You hereby agree that any dispute between you and BWW and its agents, employees, officers, directors, principals, successors, assigns, subsidiaries or affiliates arising from or relating to any aspect of the relationship between you and BWW (collectively, "
Covered Disputes
") will be resolved by binding arbitration or in small claims court. You and BWW each also agrees that the Agreement affects interstate commerce so that the Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law, not state law, apply and govern the enforceability of this dispute resolution provision (despite the general choice of law provision set forth below).
WHAT IS ARBITRATION
: Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court and seeks to resolve disputes more quickly. Instead of a judge or a jury, the case will be decided by a neutral arbitrator who has the power to grant whatever relief would be available in court under law or in equity, but court review of an arbitration award is limited.
PRE-ARBITRATION PROCEDURES
. Prior to initiating any arbitration, you must first give us an opportunity to resolve your claim by sending an individual written description that describes in detail the individual damages that you claim to have suffered by e-mail to
[email protected]
with “Legal Dispute” appearing in the subject line. We agree to endeavor to settle amicably by mutual, good faith discussions any Covered Disputes. If we are unable to resolve your claim within sixty (60) days despite those mutual discussions, then either you or we may start arbitration or small claims court proceedings. A court, not an arbitrator, will decide whether this condition precedent has been satisfied.
ARBITRATION PROCEDURES
. To begin arbitration, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to
[email protected]
with “Legal Dispute” appearing in the subject line and to the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”). The arbitration of all disputes will be administered by the AAA under its Consumer Arbitration Rules in effect at the time the arbitration is commenced, except to the extent any of those rules conflicts with our agreement in these Terms, in which case these Terms will govern. The AAA rules are available at www.adr.org. If the claims asserted in any request or demand for arbitration could have been brought in small claims court, then either you or BWW may elect to have the claims heard in small claims court, rather than in arbitration, at any time before the arbitrator is appointed, by notifying the other party of that election in writing. Upon filing of the arbitration demand, BWW will pay or reimburse all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any claim asserted in an arbitration demand is deemed to be frivolous, the defending party shall be entitled to recover its attorneys’ fees and any filing, administration, and arbitrator fees incurred.
NO CLASS ACTIONS.
BWW and you agree that any Covered Dispute will be submitted to arbitration on an individual basis only.
Neither BWW nor you are entitled to arbitrate any Covered Dispute as a class, representative or private attorney action and the arbitrator(s) will have no authority to proceed on a class, representative or private attorney general basis
. If a court or arbitrator determines in an action between you and us that any part of this class action waiver is unenforceable with respect to any claim, the arbitration agreement and class action waiver will not apply to that claim, but they will still apply to any and all other claims that you or we may assert in that or any other action.
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL
. If a claim proceeds in court rather than through arbitration,
YOU AND BWW EACH WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL.
In any circumstances where the Agreement to Arbitrate Disputes permits the parties to litigate in court, then such dispute between us arising under the Terms or your misuse of the BWW Online Services will be subject to the jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts located in Atlanta, Georgia, and governed in accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia, excluding its conflict of law rules.
Miscellaneous
There is no membership fee associated with Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards. Points accumulated and Rewards redeemed under Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards have no cash value and are not redeemable for cash. No portion of any payment for Qualifying Purchases, nor any Points, Member benefits, or Rewards constitute consideration paid for any of the foregoing. BWW reserves the right to limit the redemption of specific Rewards and Member benefits and limit the number of Points, Rewards, and Member benefits available.
Members may not sell, transfer or assign Points, except as specifically permitted by BWW in each instance and a Member is only eligible to receive Points for Qualifying Purchases or other Point-earning opportunities or Promotions offered through Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards.
BWW reserves the right to terminate a Member’s account and/or participation, including canceling Points and Rewards, in Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards, if the Member has violated the Privacy Policy, Online Terms of Use, or these Terms and Conditions, or if the use of the Member’s account is unauthorized, fraudulent or otherwise unlawful or in violation of any of those policies or terms. BWW also reserves the right to cancel Points credited to a Member’s account if it is determined that (a) Points were incorrectly posted to the Member’s account, or (b) Points were obtained fraudulently.
BWW reserves the right to change, modify or terminate the Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards Program, or any or all benefits under the Program or any policy pertaining to the Program, at any time, for any reason, including our right to change the expiration date or redemption value of Points or Rewards, merge the Program with another program, or to adjust how Points or Rewards are received, calculated or redeemed.
Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards will continue until such time as BWW, in its sole discretion, elects to terminate the Program. BWW has the right to terminate the Program at any time without providing electronic or written notice to you.
BWW reserves the right to offer additional Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards benefits or bonus Points to some Members based on geographic location, program participation or other criteria as determined by BWW in its sole discretion. Some of our special promotional offers, benefits, and communications also may be based on the volume or type of purchases. Special offers are distributed by email or through the App, so you must opt-in to receive promotional and marketing emails from Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards and provide a valid email address in order to receive them via email. You may opt-out of receiving additional Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards communications and still remain an active Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards Member.
BWW and participating BWW store locations, in their sole discretion, may periodically offer the opportunity for special gifts or prizes. These gifts and prizes may be distributed via the BWW App, online, or via email from time to time, based on the information the Member has provided in the Member account. Members must have their BWW App set to receive notifications and/or have opted-in to receive email communications in order to receive these gifts and prizes.
From time to time, Members may be provided with the opportunity to redeem Points for purchases from third-party providers.
The Program is provided by Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc., and all Points and Rewards are issued by and solely the obligation of BWW.
These Terms shall be governed by the laws of the state of Georgia, without regard to conflict of laws provisions or principles thereof.
Click
Here
for FAQs on the Loyalty Programs
7.
BUFFALO WILD WINGS REWARDS SHOP
General
By shopping at the Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards Shop, you acknowledge and agree to be bound by these Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards Shop Terms & Conditions, in addition to the General Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards Terms & Conditions. These Rewards Shop Terms & Conditions apply to all offers, agreements, and transactions that are made or entered into in connection with the sale and delivery of products from the Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards Shop.
These Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards Shop Terms & Conditions are to supplement the General Terms & Conditions listed above, in addition to supplementing the Buffalo Wild Wings Privacy Policy, and all other policies posted on www.buffalowildwings.com or any of its sub-pages, all of which are incorporated herein by reference. Since these incorporated policies will also be applicable to your visit to the Rewards Shop, please review all policies prior to placing an order.
To the extent these Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards Shop Terms & Conditions are inconsistent with the General Terms & Conditions listed above, these Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards Shop Terms & Conditions will supersede and prevail with respect to your use of the Rewards Shop.
These Terms are subject to change by Buffalo Wild Wings at any time. Upon any such change, we will change the Terms & Conditions version Effective Date as noted on this page. Please check these Terms & Conditions frequently for updates. Your continued use of the Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards Shop constitutes your acceptance of any revised terms. If you do not consent to any revisions of these Terms & Conditions, please discontinue use of the Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards Shop.
Account Registration
A registered Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards account is required in order to shop at the Rewards Shop. You agree to provide honest, accurate, current, and complete information, and to keep your information updated and accurate.
Online Availability
If the item, style, or size you want is not listed, it is not available. Although the Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards Shop is designed to feature "real-time" inventory levels so that only in-stock items are visible and available for purchase, we may experience shortages of stock in a particular style or size and cannot guarantee that items which appear to be in stock are available. All items are subject to availability, and we reserve the right to impose quantity limits on any order, to reject all or part of an order, and to discontinue products without notice, even if you have already placed your order. If the item you would like to purchase is currently out of stock, we apologize for the inconvenience and encourage you to reach out to our Rewards Shop customer service team at
[email protected]
, so they can assist you with any issues.
Inventory
At times, there may not be any inventory available in the rewards shop. Items may only be available at certain times and in limited quantity. Buffalo Wild Wings has sole discretion to add or remove inventory at any moment.
Ordering Physical Merchandise and Changes to Orders
When you place an order, we will send a confirmation email to the address that you have provided. If you are using your workplace email address, please be aware that many companies use spam filters to disqualify incoming automated emails, which could impede the delivery of our confirmation email to you or send it to junk mail.
Once your order has been processed, we will send you an additional email that includes the tracking number so that you can monitor the progress of your shipped item.
Buffalo Wild Wings reserves the right to limit or prohibit orders that Buffalo Wild Wings believes, in its sole discretion, may be placed by dealers, resellers, or distributors.
Due to the short timeframe between order and shipment, we cannot make changes once your order has been placed.
Payment
Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards points are the only acceptable form of currency at the Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards Shop. Personal checks, money orders, cash payments, credit and debit cards are not acceptable forms of payment at the Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards Shop. Buffalo Wild Wings reserves the right to supplement the list of acceptable forms of payment at the Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards Shop.
If you are experiencing problems with redemption, please contact our customer service line at
[email protected]
.
Delivery and Shipping
Merchandise can only be shipped within the United States.
Our goal is to process and ship your order within 5 to 7 business days after receipt of the order. This is an estimate only, however, and shipping dates are not guaranteed.
Upon shipment of your order, a tracking number will be emailed to the address that you have provided. This tracking number will allow you to check on the delivery status of your order.
We strive to ship all items in an order together, but we reserve the right to deliver your products in separate shipments if one or more items are unavailable at the time of the initial shipment. Further, each shipment will have a confirmation/tracking email.
Cancellations, Exchanges, and Refunds
ALL SALES ARE FINAL. EXCHANGES WILL NOT BE PERMITTED
. Once an order has been placed, the order will be deemed to be completed, and Buffalo Wild Wings will not be able to cancel the order or offer a refund.
Risk of Loss, Damage, or Inaccuracy
If an item is determined to be damaged, lost, or inaccurate, a points refund will be provided to the member’s Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards account. Members must reach out to
[email protected]
to request a refund of their rewards points. Please note that, due to limited inventory, a lost, damaged, or inaccurate item cannot be replaced, and the only resolution will be a points refund.
Product Descriptions and Pricing
The Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards Shop aims to be as accurate as possible. Buffalo Wild Wings makes no warranty, however, that product descriptions, colors, photographs, videos or other product related content on the Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards Shop are wholly accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. Buffalo Wild Wings cannot guarantee that your computer or device's display of color or other product features is accurate.
The prices displayed on the Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards Shop are quoted in Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards points.
Changes
Please note that, subject to applicable law, we reserve the right to change the goods advertised or offered for sale through the Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards Shop, the prices or specifications of any such goods and any promotional offers and any content available at the Buffalo Wild Wings Rewards Shop at any time and from time to time without any notice or liability to you or any other person.
8. Ordering; Availability; Payment
You can purchase products and/or services on the Site. All prices displayed on the Sites are quoted in U.S. Dollars and are valid and effective only in the United States. B-Dubs reserves the right, without prior notice, to discontinue or change specifications on products and/or services offered through the Site. B-Dubs reserves the right, at our sole discretion, to limit the quantity of items purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may be applicable to orders placed by the same account, the same credit card, and also to orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. We will provide notification to the customer should such limits be applied. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any order for any reason. Your account may also be restricted or terminated for any reason, at our sole discretion.
All descriptions, images, features, specifications, products, and prices of products and/or services are subject to change at any time without notice. The inclusion of any products or services on a Site does not imply or warrant that these products or services will be available. B-Dubs reserves the right, with or without prior notice, to do any one or more of the following for any reason: (i) limit the available quantity of or discontinue any products or services; (ii) impose conditions on the honoring of any coupon, coupon code, promotional code, or other similar promotion; (iii) bar you from making or completing any or all transactions; and (iv) refuse to provide you with any products or service. You acknowledge and agree that web and mobile ordering and the ability to purchase products or service is only available at participating locations (which locations are subject to change without notice). Prices and availability of menu items and customization options vary by location. Once an order for any products or services is made on the Site, changes cannot be made to the order except to the extent edit options are made available on the Site in B-Dubs sole discretion.
We accept credit and debit cards issued by U.S. banks. If a credit card account is being used for a transaction, B-Dubs may obtain preapproval for an amount up to the amount of the payment. If you want to designate a different credit card or if there is a change in your credit card, you must change your information online. This may temporarily delay your ability to make online payments while we verify your new payment information.
You understand and agree that you are charged at the time you place your order for products or services. You further understand and agree that the transaction for the purchase of products or services is final and complete at the time you are charged. You agree to pay all charges incurred by you, on your behalf, or by your account through the Site. You represent and warrant that if you are making online payments that (i) any credit card, debit card and bank account information you supply is true, correct and complete; (ii) charges incurred by you will be honored by your credit/debit card company or bank; (iii) you will pay the charges incurred by you in the amounts posted, including any applicable taxes; and (iv) you are the person in whose name the card was issued and you are authorized to make a purchase or other transaction with the relevant credit card and credit card information.
9. Site Accuracy
Although we intend to provide accurate and timely information on the Site, the Site (including, without limitation, the B-Dubs Content) may not always be entirely accurate, complete or current and may also include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. The information published on the Site is provided as a convenience to our customers and is provided for informational or transactional purposes only. In an effort to continue to provide you with as complete and accurate information as possible, information may be changed or updated from time to time without notice, including without limitation information regarding our policies, products and services. Accordingly, you should verify all information before relying on it, and all decisions based on information contained in the Site are your sole responsibility and we shall have no liability for such decisions.
10. Third Party Websites
This Site may hyperlink to sites not maintained by or related to B-Dubs. Hyperlinks are provided as a service to users and are not sponsored by or affiliated with this Site or B-Dubs, and B-Dubs makes no representations or warranties about the content, completeness, or accuracy of those third party sites. Information you submit at a third party site accessible from this Site is subject to the terms of that site's privacy policy, and B-Dubs has no control over how your information is collected, used, or otherwise handled.
11. Mobile Application
The use of B-Dubs mobile application (“App”) requires use of a mobile device and wireless mobile data service, which must be obtained from your wireless carrier, and may require Internet access, which must be obtained from your service provider; you are responsible for obtaining and paying for such additional services and obtaining a suitable device, including without limitation all usage charges related thereto. You are required to send and receive, at your cost, electronic communications related to the App, including without limitation, administrative messages, service announcements, diagnostic data reports, and App updates, from B-Dubs, your mobile carrier or third party service providers. If you do not have an unlimited wireless mobile data plan, you may incur additional charges from your wireless service provider in connection with your use of the App. You are solely responsible for obtaining any additional subscription or connectivity services or equipment necessary to access the App, including but not limited to payment of all third party fees associated therewith, including fees or information sent to or through the App. B-Dubs does not warrant that the App will be compatible with your mobile device. If you download the App, we may send you special offers and messages. These in-App offers may have specific terms and conditions outlined in the offer. These in-App offers and in-App messages are integrated features of the App. If you do not wish to receive these in-App offers and in-App messages, you must delete the App. If you download the App, with your permission, we may also push notifications to your device. You will be able to opt out of push notifications in your device’s settings.
12. Disclaimer of Warranties
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS, AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE MADE WITH RESPECT TO THIS SITE OR ANY INFORMATION OR SOFTWARE THEREIN. B-Dubs makes no representations about the reliability of the features of this Site, the B-Dubs Content, User Content, or any other Site feature, and disclaims all liability in the event of any service failure. You acknowledge that any reliance on such material or systems will be at your own risk. B-Dubs makes no representations regarding the amount of time that any B-Dubs Content or User Content will be preserved.
YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR YOUR USE OF THIS SITE, SITE-RELATED SERVICES, AND LINKED WEBSITES. B-DUBS DOES NOT WARRANT THAT FILES AVAILABLE FOR DOWNLOAD WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES, WORMS
,
TROJAN HORSES OR OTHER DESTRUCTIVE PROGRAMMING. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR IMPLEMENTING PROCEDURES SUFFICIENT TO SATISFY YOUR NEEDS FOR DATA BACK UP AND SECURITY.
13. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, SHALL B-DUBS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE, NOR SHALL B-DUBS BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER THAT RESULT FROM MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELETION OF FILES, ERRORS, DEFECTS, DELAYS IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, OR ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY EVENTS BEYOND B-DUBS REASONABLE CONTROL, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ACTS OF GOD, COMMUNICATIONS LINE FAILURE, THEFT, DESTRUCTION, OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO THIS SITE'S RECORDS, PROGRAMS, OR SERVICES. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO A NEGLIGENT ACT, WILL B-DUBS OR ITS AFFILIATES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGE OF ANY KIND THAT RESULTS FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE, EVEN IF B-DUBS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES; AS A RESULT, THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
14. Export Policy and Restrictions
You acknowledge that the products and B-Dubs Content which are sold or licensed on the Site, which may include technology and software, are subject to the customs and export control laws and regulations of the United States of America and may also be subject to the customs and export laws and regulations of the country in which the products are manufactured and/or received. By purchasing, downloading or using technology or software from the Site, you agree to abide by the applicable laws, rules and regulations - including, but not limited to the Export Administration Act and the Arms Export Control Act - and you represent and warrant that you will not transfer, by electronic transmission or otherwise, the software or technology to a foreign national or a foreign destination in violation of the law. By purchasing any products, you agree that you will not use any products, or provide products to any person, who is forbidden from receiving the product under the Export Administration Regulations or any economic sanctions maintained by the U.S. Department of Treasury. U.S. antiboycott regulations, or U.S. economic sanctions, including the export and antiboycott restrictions found in the Export Administration Regulations or the sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control. You shall indemnify and hold harmless B-Dubs from all claims, demands, damages, costs, fines, penalties, attorneys’ fees and all other expenses arising from your failure to comply with this provision and/or applicable export control, antiboycott, or economic sanctions laws and regulations.
15. Governing Law
These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of Georgia without regard to conflicts of laws principles.  By using this site, you hereby agree that any and all disputes regarding these Terms will be subject to the courts located in Atlanta, Georgia.  YOU AGREE THAT, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL DISPUTES, CLAIMS, AND CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR CONNECTED WITH THIS SITE AND/OR THESE TERMS, WILL BE RESOLVED INDIVIDUALLY, WITHOUT RESORT TO ANY FORM OF CLASS ACTION.  These Terms operate to the fullest extent permissible by law.
16. Arbitration Agreement
Agreement to Arbitrate All Disputes. Except as it relates to qualifying small claims and injunctive relief as explained below, you agree that any and all disputes, controversies, or claims arising between you and B-Dubs (each a “Claim” and collectively “Claims”), including but not limited Claims arising out of or relating to the Site, use of the Site, these Terms and/or the
Privacy Policy
, shall be settled by binding and final arbitration in accordance with the American Arbitration Association (AAA) Commercial Arbitration Rules and Mass Arbitration Supplementary Rules (“AAA Rules and Procedures”). The AAA Rules and Procedures are available at www.adr.org. The arbitration will be heard and determined by a single arbitrator, who shall be selected pursuant to the AAA Rules and Procedures. The arbitrator’s decision, judgment, or award in any such arbitration will be final and binding upon the parties and may be entered and enforced in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”) and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement. The arbitrator shall apply Georgia law consistent with the FAA and applicable statutes of limitations, and shall honor all claims of privilege recognized at law. For the avoidance of doubt, the arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court or agency, shall have the exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the arbitrability of any Claims, the scope, applicability, interpretation, and enforcement of this arbitration agreement, and the interpretation, applicability, enforcement, formation of these Terms and/or the Privacy Policy.
Small Claims and Injunctive Relief. This arbitration agreement does not preclude you from pursuing qualifying small claims in small claims court. If your Claims qualify for small claims court, you may still assert your Claims in small claims court so long as the matter remains in such court and advances only on an individual (non-class, non-representative) basis. In addition, you and B-Dubs both retain the right to apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for provisional or injunctive relief, including for pre-arbitral attachments or preliminary injunctions, and any such request shall not be deemed incompatible with these Terms, nor a waiver of the right to have disputes submitted to arbitration as provided in these Terms.
Class Waiver. You may not act as a class representative or private attorney general or participate as a member of a class of claimants with respect to any Claim. Claims may not be arbitrated on a class or representative basis. The arbitrator can decide only your individual Claims. The arbitrator may not consolidate or join the Claims of other persons or parties who may be similarly situated.
Arbitration Costs and Procedures. Payment of all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA Rules and Procedures. If you are able to demonstrate that the costs of arbitration will be cost-prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation, B-Dubs will pay as much of your filing and hearing fees in connection with the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the cost of the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive. In the final award, the arbitrator may apportion the costs of arbitration and the compensation of the arbitrator among the parties in such amounts as the arbitrator deems appropriate. Pursuant to the AAA Rules and Procedures, the arbitration shall proceed in a location determined by the arbitrator (provided that such location is reasonably convenient for you), or at such other location as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties.
Enforcement and Invalidity. If any part of this arbitration provision is deemed to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal (other than that claims will not be arbitrated on a class or representative basis), or otherwise conflicts with the rules and procedures established by AAA, then the balance of this arbitration provision shall remain in effect and shall be construed in accordance with its terms as if the invalid, unenforceable, illegal or conflicting provision were not contained herein. If, however, the portion that is deemed invalid, unenforceable or illegal is that claims will not be arbitrated on a class or representative basis, then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void, and neither claimant nor B-Dubs shall be entitled to arbitrate their dispute.
THIS SECTION LIMITS CERTAIN RIGHTS, INCLUDING THE RIGHT TO MAINTAIN A COURT ACTION, THE RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL, THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY FORM OF CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE CLAIM, THE RIGHT TO ENGAGE IN DISCOVERY EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THE AAA RULES AND PROCEDURES, AND THE RIGHT TO CERTAIN REMEDIES AND FORMS OF RELIEF. OTHER RIGHTS THAT YOU OR B-DUBS WOULD HAVE IN COURT ALSO MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN ARBITRATION.
17. Termination
B-Dubs may, in its sole discretion, and at any time, discontinue this Site or any part thereof, with or without notice, or may prevent your use of this Site with or without notice to you.  You agree that you do not have any rights in this Site and that B-Dubs will have no liability to you if this Site is discontinued or your ability to access the Site or any content you may have posted on the Site is terminated.
18. Other Terms
Any other terms on our Site are hereby incorporated by reference into these Terms.
19. Assignment
B-Dubs may assign this agreement, in whole or in part, at any time with or without notice to you. You may not assign this agreement, or any part of it, to any other person. Any attempt by you to do so is void.
20. Miscellaneous
These Terms constitute a binding agreement between you and B-Dubs and is accepted by you upon your use of the Site or your account. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and B-Dubs regarding the use of the Site and your account. Both you and B-Dubs acknowledge and agree that no partnership is formed and neither of you nor B-Dubs has the power or the authority to obligate or bind the other. If B-Dubs fails to act with respect to your breach or anyone else's breach on any occasion, B-Dubs is not waiving its right to act with respect to future or similar breaches. If any provision of these Terms shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms of use and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.