Terms of use
Important: terms and conditions of use of this website
1. By using this website you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions of use each time you access this website. If you do not agree with these terms and conditions of use, you are not authorised to use the website.

2. This website and its contents are subject to copyright which is owned by Bunnings or third parties. Bunnings does not grant you any intellectual property rights in this website, its applications, interface or contents. You must not use any trade mark displayed on this website.

3. Bunnings does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of any information you derive from this website. To the extent permitted by law, Bunnings excludes liability for any loss or damage arising out of, or in relation to, any errors or omissions in this website or your use of this website (including any interference with or damage to your computer system).

4. Prices listed on this website and terms and conditions of any kind relating to products displayed on this website may not be current or complete and therefore under no circumstances constitute an offer or undertaking by Bunnings. We make no representation that the products listed in this site are currently available at any or all of our locations. If you need any further information, you may Contact Us.

5. This website may contain links to external websites (Third Party Websites). Bunnings does not sponsor, guarantee or approve of any material or representations in or linked by Third Party Websites, nor does Bunnings warrant that any materials on Third Party Websites are free from any computer virus, defects or infringements. You acknowledge and agree that your use of Third Party Websites is at your own risk.

6. If you link this website, you must:   

(a) Be transparent about the purpose of the link, and not imply endorsement, affiliation or sponsorship without Bunnings’ consent;

(b) Ensure that the link opens the full website to avoid misleading or confusing customers;

(c) Link to the website root (https://www.bunnings.com.au/), rather than specific content within the website. Our website content changes from time to time and this may result in broken links.

7. You must only use this website, and you must only display, copy, distribute download and print portions of this website for your own personal use. You must not attempt to change, reproduce, add to, remove, hack or interfere with this website or its material.

8. We cannot guarantee any file, data or program available for download from this website (or any linked website) is free of from viruses. This website may be inaccessible from time to time due to events outside Bunnings’ control or maintenance requirements.

9. If we collect your personal information, we do so subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy, details of which are at (Australia) or http://www.bunnings.co.nz/privacy-policy (New Zealand).

10. We may use cookies to gather data in relation to this website and you consent to us doing so (although you may be able to disable cookies on your web browser).

11. These conditions are governed by laws of the State of Victoria, Australia. You submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of that State.