Terms of Service /【Buyee】 Buyee - Japanese Proxy Service | Buy from Japan!
We use cookies to improve your experience on our website, personalize content and advertisements, and analyze traffic. We share information about your use of our website with our advertising and analytic partners. Our partners may combine this information with other information you provide to them or that they collect from your use of their services. Please click “Accept All Cookies” if you agree with the use of all of our cookies. Please click “Cookie Settings” to customize your cookie settings on our website.
For more information, please check our
Cookie Policy
.
Accept All Cookies
Reject All Cookies (except strictly necessary cookies)
Cookie Settings
Strictly Necessary Cookies (always active)
These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website or use a shopping cart.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
Cookies details
Functionality Cookies
These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you and remember your preferences for example, your choice of language or region.
If you reject these cookies, you may experience some loss of convenience.
Cookies details
Performance Cookies
These allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Cookies details
Targeting Cookies
These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Cookies details
Accept All Cookies
Reject All Cookies (except strictly necessary cookies)
Save Settings
Terms of Service
Buyee Terms of Use
The Terms of Service and the separate terms are prepared in the Japanese language, which language shall control, and any translation in any other language shall be for reference only and shall not bind the parties.
tenso, inc., Tenso UK Ltd. and tenso Hong Kong Limited (together referred to as the "Company") hereby sets out the "Buyee terms of service" (the "Terms of Service") regarding the use of the proxy purchase service (the "Service") that the Company provides to Members.
The Service is jointly provided by the Company; provided however, that, Tenso UK Ltd. and tenso Hong Kong Limited provide the payment and settlement operations of the Service and tenso, inc. provides the rest of the Service.
Besides the Terms of Service, the Company may, at its discretion, set out separate terms as necessary, and the said separate terms shall be integrated with the Terms of Service to form a single set of terms.
A Member must therefore agree to all terms before using the Service. If there is any contradiction between the Terms of Service and the separate terms, the separate terms shall take precedence, and where there is no contradiction, both the Terms of Service and the separate terms shall apply.
Article 1  (Membership Eligibility)
"Member" refers to a person who has consented to the Terms of Service, has applied via the Internet for membership to use the Service operated by the Company, has been accepted as a Member by the Company, and has been granted a Member ID
A Member may not loan, transfer, sell, pawn, or allow a third party to use the said Member's membership eligibility.
Article 2  (Modification of the Terms of Service)
The Company may modify the Terms of Service without any prior acceptance notice. If the Terms of Service are modified, all matters relating to the Service shall conform to the modified terms.
Article 3  (Application for Membership)
A person who wishes to become a Member (a "Membership Applicant") shall apply personally for membership via the Internet.
If a Membership Applicant is a minor, the consent of the person having parental authority over the Membership Applicant shall be obtained prior to application for membership.
The procedure for registering a Member shall be complete when the Company accepts the application described in Subarticle 3-1. However, if the Company finds that the Membership Applicant falls into any of the following categories, the Company may not approve membership by the Membership Applicant or may cancel a previously approved membership.
(1) The Membership Applicant is a minor and does not have the consent of the person having parental authority over him/her.
(2) The Membership Applicant's eligibility for membership has been voided due to past violation of these terms.
(3) The Membership Applicant's details submitted to the Company upon application are found to contain untrue or incorrect information or are incomplete.
(4) The Membership Applicant has failed to pay any amount owed to the Company.
(5) The Membership Applicant obstructs the Company's operations or provision of the Service or the seller's (as defined in Article 9) or other third party's use of the Service or commits an act that leads to such obstruction.
(6) The Company deems the Membership Applicant to be unsuitable for any other reason.
Article 4  (Management of Member ID and Password)
A Member is responsible for managing his/her Member ID and password that the Company grants to the Member following Member registration.
A Member may not allow his/her Member ID or password to be used by a third party or loan, transfer, sell, or pawn etc. his/her Member ID or password to a third party.
A Member shall be responsible for loss resulting from inadequate management of his/her Member ID and password, malpractice during use of the said Member ID and password, or use of the said Member ID and password by a third party, and the Company shall not bear any responsibility whatsoever. Use of the Service with a Member's Member ID and password shall be regarded as use by that Member and the Member shall be fully responsible for such use.
If a Member's Member ID or password becomes known to a third party, or if it is suspected that a Member's Member ID or password has been used by a third party, the Member shall immediately report such incident to the Company and shall obey any and all instructions given by the Company. If the Company suffers loss as a result of improper use of a Member's Member ID and password, the Member shall compensate the Company for the said loss.
A Member is obliged to periodically change his/her password, and the Company shall not bear any responsibility whatsoever for loss resulting from a Member's failure to do so.
Except when especially approved by the Company, a Member's Member ID and password will not be re-issued.
Article 5  (Modification Etc. of Submitted Details)
If there is any change to details that a Member submitted to the Company upon application for membership, the Member shall immediately report such change to the Company using the prescribed form.
Notifications from the Company dispatched to a Member's contact address noted in details registered with the Company shall be regarded as having been delivered to the Member on the date on which a dispatch would normally be expected to arrive.
Article 6  (Handling of Personal Information)
The Company will use a Member's personal information for the following purposes:
(1) To manage Members.
(2) To sell or provide the Company's or a third party's products, rights, digital contents, services, or financial products (the "Products Etc.").
(3) To plan campaigns and prizes and to conduct questionnaires.
(4) To simplify the Member registration process for use of a service that requires Member registration and that is provided by the Company or its parent company or subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the "Company Group").
(5) To issue notifications of matters necessary for operating the Service (including notifications by email).
(6) To advertise, publicize and market the Company's and third parties' Products Etc. (including such notifications by email).
(7) To distribute the mail magazine.
(8) To package and dispatch Products Etc.
(9) To calculate charges and to bill for charges.
(10) To provide points, coupons, and a mileage service ("Points Etc.").
(11) To publish information posted by Members.
(12) To handle various inquiries and to provide after-service.
(13) To examine and analyze marketing data and to develop new services.
(14) To create statistical data to be provided to business partners ("Business Partners") nominated by the Company Group and the Company.
(15) Execution of operations when the Company handles personal information under contract for another business entity, etc.
The Company Group may jointly use personal information such as a Member's Member ID, name, sex, email address, telephone number, zip code, address, position and company name etc., nickname, pen-name, date of birth, credit card information, purchase history, Points Etc. information and Points Etc. usage history for the purposes listed in Subarticle 6-1
The Company shall appropriately protect personal information in accordance with its privacy policy and shall not provide personal information to any third party in such a manner that individuals can be identified.
The Company shall nonetheless be entitled to provide personal data in any of the following circumstances:
(1) When the Member's agreement is obtained
(2) When disclosure is demanded by law, disclosure is requested as part of legal proceedings such as a criminal investigation, or a public institution such as a consumer information center or bar association brings an inquiry for a legitimate reason.
(3) When a Member's order information is sent to Business Partners.
(4) When personal information is disclosed to Business Partners when a Member purchases or attempts to purchase Products Etc. from Business Partners.
(5) When Business Partners and the seller (as defined in Article 9) demand disclosure of the country to which a Member's purchased Products Etc. are to be delivered and the language selected by the Member for using the Service.
(6) When required for dispatching Products Etc. or providing services.
(7) When disclosed to a business operator related with settlement of expenses.
(8) When disclosed to Business Partners for providing Points Etc. services implemented by the Company or the said Business Partners.
(9) When consigning the whole or part of the tasks performed by the Company to a third party.
(10) When disclosing personal information to a business successor in the case that the business is to be taken over through a merger, transfer of business, or other means.
(11) When allowed under the Personal Information Protection Law or other laws and ordinances.
The Company will at times use cookies when a Member uses the Service.
Article 7  (Withdrawal of Membership)
A Member may withdraw membership by following the procedure prescribed by the Company.
If a Member dies, the Company shall regard the said Member as having withdrawn membership at the time of death and shall halt use of the Member's member ID and password.
Article 8  (Suspension of Membership Eligibility and Expulsion)
In the following situations, the Company may temporarily suspend a Member's membership eligibility or expel a Member without giving any prior notification or warning to the Member.
(1) When the Member has improperly used or has allowed a third party to improperly use his/her Member ID or password and the Service.
(2) When a Member does not pay a charge by the prescribed date.
(3) When seizure, provisional seizure, provisional disposition, compulsory execution, bankruptcy, or civil regeneration is petitioned against a Member, or a Member declares such state.
(4) When a Member enters an incorrect password more than the number of times specified by the Company.
(5) When a Member does not use the Service within the period specified by the Company.
(6) When a Member has otherwise violated any of the Terms of Service or separate terms.
(7) When the Company otherwise deems a Member to be disqualified as a Member.
Article 9  (Description of the Service)
The Service is defined as the service where the Company will purchase a product or an item designated by a Member (the “Products”), via mail order, regarding products that merchant or store operators, including but not limited to a merchant or store operator on online websites, including those affiliated with Japanese internet auction sites, Japanese marketplaces or affiliated e-commerce sites (the “Merchant or store operator”). The Company aids Members in acquiring or bidding on selected products and ensure their delivery.
As explained in Subarticle 9-1, the Company facilitates the purchase of Products specified by Members upon their direction. When Members seek support for particular Products, communication with the merchant or store operator will be managed via the Service.
The Company’s responsibility is limited to aiding in the purchase and delivery the specified Products. The Company does not accept responsibility for inquiries, complaints, warranty claims, defect liabilities, breaches of contract or any other claims related to the Product’s content.
Members acknowledge and agree to conduct Product related transactions in compliance with the laws and regulations of the merchant or store operator’s home country and according to the sales terms set by the merchant or store operator.
A Member shall empower the Company to enter into carriage agreement with carriers affiliated with the Company in the name of such Member and the Company will enter into such carriage agreement of the Products with such carrier in the name of the Company or such Member. Unless the Company should be liable for damages in connection with such carriage, in no event shall the Company be liable for any damages incurred in such Member in connection with such carriage, including but not limited to, non-delivery, delay of delivery, damages of delivered Products. A Member shall empower the Company to enter into carriage agreement in the name of the Company or such Member.
Merchants or store operators who are eligible to use the Service, carriers who can be used in conjunction with the Service, and product types, sizes, weights, prices, delivery destinations and other conditions allowed by the Service are restricted to the scope specified by the Company. A Member may not use the Service outside the scope specified by the Company.
Article 10  (Purchase of Products Etc.)
A Member's request for proxy purchase of Products Etc. shall be made in accordance with the method stipulated by the Company
Only a Member may request proxy purchase of Products Etc.
The Company will purchase the Products on behalf of a Member by the method where the Company confirms application for a purchase from a Member.
After a Member requests proxy purchase of Products Etc., the Member may not cancel the request even if a proxy consignment contract has not yet been executed unless the Company gives its consent.
The Company may freely determine whether to agree to a request from a Member.
In the event that there are redeemable points from the seller in the event of purchase, the Company retains possession of those points.
Regarding the handing over of products between the Company and the Member, in principle it is completed when the Products Etc. are shipped from the Company.
A Member shall bear costs for purchase of the Products by the Company on behalf of such Member and costs of delivery of the Products (collectively the “Payments of the Products”) and the Company will bear rest of the expenses of the Products. Payments of the Products may include delivery charge of the Products from the Seller to the Company, expenses in connection with purchase of the Products including remittance charge to the Seller, Japanese Taxes applicable to the Products and custom duties in the place of destination, charges for using the Service and costs for foreign delivery. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company will apply delivery charge applicable to the delivery from a Seller to the Company in accordance with the delivery charges as set forth in the service page of the Company as a rule and a Member agrees that the Company may choose the delivery of the lowest cost out of the charges shown by the Seller.
About Payment
A Member shall pay the charge indicated by the Service to the Company at the time of proxy purchase of Products Etc. The Company may change the Service's usage charge without prior notification.
If the Company fails to purchase a requested product due to shortage etc. of it, the Company shall claim the amount calculated by subtracting the said product price from the charge indicated by the Service against the Member. When the requested product is an auction product and the bidding-upper limit price indicated by the Service is less than the successful bid price, the Company may claim the said successful bid price or product price etc. against the Member.
A Member shall pay the purchase price etc. stipulated in Subarticle 10-8 in accordance with the method stipulated by the Company by the date stipulated by the Company.
If a Member does not pay the product price etc. of Products Etc., the Member shall pay to the Company a late payment charge calculated at 14.6 percent per annum.
A Member may not transfer to a third party, offer for security, or in any other way dispose of any right provided under the contract with the Company.
If a Member does not pay the Product Price Etc. stipulated in Subarticle 10-8 for the Products Etc. by the date stipulated by the Company, the Company may cancel the contract without notice. Even if the Company cancels the contract, the Company may claim compensation from the Member for resulting loss.
If the Company falls into any of the situations stipulated in Article 15 of the Terms of Service, the Company may cancel the contract without notice even after agreeing to the contract.
If the Company cancels the contract after purchase of Products Etc., the Company will not refund the product price etc. to the Member.
If a Member refuses to take receipt of Products Etc., the Company may at its discretion sell, discard, return, or otherwise dispose of the Products Etc. received from the Seller and the Member may not make any objection whatsoever.
Article 11  (Products for Which Use of the Service is Prohibited)
A Member must not use the Service for the following products:
(1) Cash, checks, drafts, stock certificates and other negotiable securities (including tradable coupons such as flight tickets and concert tickets).
(2) Cards such as credit cards and cash cards.
(3) Savings account books or saving account withdrawal cards issued by a financial institution.
(4) Personal correspondence or other means of communication defined as personal correspondence by existing laws.
(5) Live animals or plants, dead animals or stuffed animals.
(6) Human bodies or body parts, human remains, ashes of the deceased, or Buddhist mortuary tablets.
(7) Food or drink, or any other item that may easily deteriorate or spoil.
(8) Stimulants, cannabis, narcotics, psychotropic drugs, or other banned drugs.
(9) Firearms, swords, weapons, ordnance, gunpowder, explosives, poisons, and hazardous substances
(10) Medical supplies and medical equipment.
(11) Child pornography, adult videos, or other obscene material.
(12) Items obtained by an illegal method or means.
(13) Items whose transportation, export, and import is prohibited or restricted by laws and ordinances of the exporting/importing country including transit countries, the state or local government.
(14) Other items that are not permitted to be handled under the carrier's carriage contract.
(15) Other items that the Company deems to be unsuitable.
Article 12  (Inspection and Delivery of Products)
After the Products Etc. have arrived at the Company, the Company shall inspect the Products Etc. with the aim of checking the contents. At this time, the Company will on occasion remove or add etc. packaging as the Company deems necessary. However, the Company bears no obligation to carry out an inspection and the result of the inspection does not guarantee the quality of the product, presence/absence of defects, or authenticity of the product or that the said product does not violate the relevant laws or ordinances of the originating country, transit countries or destination country. Additionally, Products Etc. are received and inspected by the Company, so it is not possible to send directly from the merchant or store operator to a Member designated place.
The Company will carry out the process described in Subarticle 12-1 based on the standard prescribed by the Company. The said process involves verification of the identity of the Products Etc.; that is, that there is no apparent discrepancy between the Products Etc. and the description of the Products Etc. (the "Product Description") stated by the Merchant or store operator. The Product Description refers only to text written by the Merchant or store operator and does not include the output of automatic translation. The Company will not bare any responsibility for any incongruencies of the Products Etc.
As a rule, the Company cannot conduct verification of details that were not included in the Product Description, verification that requires specialist product knowledge such as brand authenticity etc., verification of the quantity and condition of more than 25 contents contained in a single product, verification that involves disassembly or assembly of the product, verification that involves opening the packaging or breaking the seal etc., verification of the operation of appliances, or verification of the contents of a recorded medium such as a CD etc.
          The result of the said process does not guarantee the quality of the said Products Etc., presence/absence of defects, or authenticity of the product, that the said product does not violate the relevant laws or ordinances of the originating country, transit countries or destination country, proper operation, or absence of damage.
If the product inspection described in Subarticle 12-3 detects an item that violates or is likely to violate the Act on Prevention of Transfer of Criminal Proceeds or other laws and ordinances, the Company may take action to report such situation to the police or other relevant government agency and hand over the Products Etc.
Even if the result of the verification process finds that a Member has been defrauded, the Company does not bear any responsibility whatsoever except for actions that come under the Company's responsibility.
After the completion of the verification process, the Company carries out procedures for dispatching or exporting the Products Etc. overseas on behalf of the Member. Additionally, the countries that the Member can choose as a shipping address is limited to the Available Shipping Countries decided on by the Company, as well as Japanese domestic addresses. The Company may, at its discretion, determine the delivery method, international delivery charge, and other expenses such as the shipping cost and handling cost required for delivery of the Products Etc. according to the weight and size of the Products Etc. tabulated during the verification process. The Company shall at its discretion nominate a handover date for the Products Etc., and the Member may not specify a delivery date.
The Company shall fulfill the product delivery process stipulated in Subarticle 12-6 under the responsibility of the Member and in accordance with the Member's instructions. Therefore, the Company shall not bear any responsibility whatsoever for information relating to export and import, such as the product name, product price and product quantity etc. written on the invoice, or for the tariff amount incurred on the basis of the said information, or measures such as import bans etc. imposed by the destination country. The Member shall be liable for and pay all tariffs incurred upon the import of the Products Etc. and taxes levied by the destination country.
Depending on the delivery conditions selected by the Member, the Company may forecast the delivery method, international shipping fee and other shipping related fees the delivery of the Products Etc. (hereinafter referred to as the "Shipping Charges") based on the past experiences and know-how cultivated by the Company according to the weight, size, material, and other conditions of the Products Etc. In this event, the Member shall agree in advance that the Shipping Charges and other costs set by the Company is an approximate amount and may fluctuate. The Member shall agree in advance that even if the actual shipping fee differs to the Company’s estimations, refunds will not be accepted. The Company shall not be obliged to disclose the expense details or the existence of such expense to the Member.
About Payment
A Member may not change the delivery destination of the Products Etc. unless the Member submits an application using the form prescribed by the Company.
Article 13  (Cancellation of the Contract Owing to Non-delivery of the Products Etc.)
When the Company receives a request from a Member for proxy purchase of Products Etc., the Company purchases the Products Etc. from the Seller on behalf of the Member. Therefore, a Member cannot cancel a request for proxy purchase at its own convenience even if this contract has not yet been executed unless the Company gives its consent; nor can a Member cancel this contract after the contract has been executed unless the Company gives its consent.
If the Company finds itself in any of the following situations, the Company may cancel purchase of the Products Etc. for the Member.
(1) When the Company is requested by the Seller of the Products Etc. to cancel the purchase contract.
(2) When the Products Etc. do not arrive at the Company from the Seller of the Products Etc. within 30 days of the date on which the order is placed with the Seller except for cases where the Product Description or other notification indicates in advance that delivery of the product will take more time, such as in the case of pre-ordered products or products produced following receipt of an order.
Article 14  (Return of Products Etc.)
The Member hereby acknowledges that if, as a result of the verification process prescribed in Article 12, the Company finds that the actual Products Etc. clearly differ from the details in the Product Description that the Merchant or store operator gave on the Online Shopping Sites Etc., or if a situation described in Subarticle 13-2 arises, the Company will negotiate with the Merchant or store operator of the Products Etc. on behalf of the Member for the return of the Products Etc. and a refund etc. The Company shall refund to the Member the amount of the refund that the Company receives from the Merchant or store operator as a result of the said negotiations. However, the Company does not guarantee the result of negotiations to the Member.
If the Products Etc. are returned to the Merchant or store operator owing to a situation described in Subarticle 14-1, the Member must bear the operational expense of returning the Products Etc. as well as the actual cost of sending the Products Etc.
Article 15  (Refusal to Provide the Service)
In the case that a situation described below arises or is likely to arise, the Company may refuse to provide the Service even if the Company has already agreed to provide the Service.
(1) When the product is a product stipulated in Article 11.
(2) When the whereabouts of the Member or the address to which the products are to be dispatched cannot be verified.
(3) When the carrier does not transport the products.
(4) When products are halted at customs.
(5) When the Member does not pay the purchase cost etc.
(6) When it is found that the purchase cost etc. or other sale conditions stated by the Company or the Seller contain an obvious error.
(7) When the Company deems that the Products Etc. for which the Member has requested a proxy purchase will be difficult to obtain.
(8) When the Member does not pay the Product Price Etc. by the date specified by the Company.
(9) When the Member does not take receipt of the Products Etc. by the date nominated by the Company.
(10) When the Member has violated the Terms of Service.
(11) When any other act that the Company deems inappropriate has been committed.
Article 16  (Disposal of Products That Cannot Be Handed Over)
The Company may, after taking receipt of the Products Etc. stipulated in Article 11, at its own discretion sell, discard, return, or otherwise dispose of the said Products Etc.
When a situation described in Article 15 (excluding Subarticle 1 and 8; the same applies within this Article) exists and the Company has already taken receipt of the Products Etc., the Company shall hold the said Products Etc. for a period of 30 days from the date of receipt.
If the Member resolves all situations described in Article 15 within the period stipulated in Subarticle 16-2, the Member may instruct the Company to dispatch the Products Etc. to the Member's address or forward it by a method expressly approved by the Company.
If the Member does not resolve all situations described in Article 15, and want to discard the Products Etc. within the period stipulated in Subarticle 2, the Company may sell or otherwise dispose of the said Products Etc.
Even if the Member suffers loss as a result of the disposal of the products described in this Article, the Company shall bear no responsibility whatsoever.
Notwithstanding the stipulations of this Article, the Company may take the procedures defined in the Civil Execution Act.
Article 17  (Modification and Abolition of Service Details)
The Company may at any time change or abolish details of the Service without prior notice. Even if a Member suffers a disadvantage or loss as a result of the said change or abolition, the Company shall not bear any responsibility therefor.
Article 18  (Suspension or Discontinuation of the Service)
If the Company finds itself in any of the following situations, the Company will in some cases temporarily suspend or discontinue the whole or part of the Service without giving any prior notice to Members.
(1) When undertaking a maintenance inspection or upgrade of the equipment or system for providing the Service.
(2) When it is difficult to provide the Service owing to a fire, power failure, natural disaster, or system failure etc.
(3) When necessary services are not provided by telecommunications corporations.
(4) When the Company otherwise deems the temporary suspension or the discontinuation of the Service to be necessary.
The Company bears no responsibility whatsoever for any and all loss suffered by a Member as a result of the temporary suspension or the discontinuation etc. of the provision of the Service.
Article 19  (Prohibited Acts)
While using the Service, a Member shall not commit any act that comes under or is likely to come under any of the following descriptions.
(1) An act that uses the Service for an illegal purpose.
(2) An act that infringes any trademark right, copyright, design right, patent right or other intellectual property right, image right, publicity right or other right of the Company or other third party.
(3) An act that leads to a criminal offence such as fraud.
(4) An act that uses the Service to impersonate a third party.
(5) An act that illegally uses the Company's or other third party's equipment or obstructs operation of such equipment.
(6) An act that violates laws and ordinances, the Terms of Service or separate terms, or public order and morals.
(7) An act that obstructs operation of the Service.
(8) Any other act that the Company deems inappropriate.
If the Company suffers any kind of loss as a result of a Member's violation of the Terms of Service or separate terms, the Company may claim compensation for loss from the said Member.
Article 20  (Scope of the Company's Responsibility)
The Company does not guarantee that the Products Etc. for which a Member has requested the Company to make a proxy purchase can be purchased on Online Shopping Sites Etc.
Apart from operating the following domains, the Company does not operate sites that a Member may access via an advertisement or link etc. appearing on the service site. Therefore, the Company bears no responsibility whatsoever for loss suffered by a Member as a result of using any site other than the service site.
(1) tenso.com
(2) buyee.jp
The Company bears no responsibility for the content of information clearly provided by a party other than the Company within the information that is provided on the service site.
If a Member has used the computer system available on the service site to translate information, the Company bears no responsibility whatsoever for the accuracy and content of such translations.
If a Member suffers loss as the result of a situation attributable to the Company in relation with Products Etc. for which the Member requested the Company to make a proxy purchase, the Company shall compensate only for direct loss not exceeding the value stipulated in Subarticle 10-8.
The Company does not guarantee that Members will not suffer loss from a computer virus or other harmful program when using the service site.
The Company does not guarantee that the software provided for the use of the Service is free from defects, nor does it guarantee its safety, reliability, accuracy, completeness, effectiveness, suitability for a particular purpose, or the continuous availability of the software. The Company shall also have no obligation to correct any such defects.
The Company does not guarantee in any way the operation of any equipment or software used by Members when using the Service.
The Company is not liable for any communication costs incurred through a Member's use of the Service.
This Article stipulates all the Company's responsibilities toward Members, and the Company will not under any circumstances compensate for a Member's lost earnings, indirect loss, special damage, legal fees or any other loss not stipulated in this Article.
Article 21  (Elimination of Anti-Social Forces)
A Member shall represent that it does not fall under any of the following items as of the date of execution of the contract and promise that it will not fall under the same in the future.
(1) An organized crime group.
(2) A member of an organized crime group.
(3) An associate member of an organized crime group.
(4) An affiliate of an organized crime group.
(5) A professional troublemaker at stockholders' meetings, etc., a racketeer, etc. who professes to be engaged in a social movement, or a crime group specialized in intellectual crimes.
(6) A person having a social or economic relationship with any person who falls under any of Item (1) through Item (5) of this paragraph.
(7) Otherwise a person equivalent to any of the preceding items.
A Member shall promise not to perform any of the acts which fall under the following items.
(1) An act of making violent demands.
(2) An act of making unreasonable demands exceeding lawful responsibility.
(3) An act of impairing the credibility or interfering with the business of the opposite party in relation to transactions by the use of fraudulent means or the use of force.
(4) Otherwise any act equivalent to any of the preceding items.
If an opposite party Member falls under any of the items in Paragraph 1 or has performed any act which falls under any of the items in Paragraph 1, or if it has been discovered that an opposite party Member has made a false declaration concerning the representation and promise pursuant to the provisions of Paragraph 1, Company may terminate a contract with such an opposite party Member.
Article 22  (Governing Law and Agreed Jurisdiction)
Japanese law shall govern the Terms of Service and separate terms.
If any dispute arises in relation with the Terms of Service or the separate terms, Tokyo District Court shall be the agreed exclusive jurisdictional court of the first hearing.
In order to ensure there is adequate operational support in respect of dispute management, refunds, cancellations, returns and customer support, the following Buyee entities shall be the responsible contracting parties under this Terms of Use:
(a) in respect of transactions in Europe, Tenso UK Ltd.
(b) in respect of transactions in Hong Kong, tenso Hong Kong Limited.
(c) in respect of all other transactions, tenso, inc.
12/Dec/2012 established
25/Jan/2013 updated
11/Aug/2014 updated
5/Feb/2016 updated
11/Dec/2017 updated
13/Sep/2018 updated
26/Dec/2018 updated
25/Apr/2019 updated
4/Nov/2021 amended
1/Oct/2023 amended
12/Jun/2025 amended
Terms and Conditions of Buyee Points
Buyee Points Terms of Use
tenso, inc. (the “Company”), which operates an online site (the “Site”) to provide purchasing agent service called “Buyee,” hereby establishes the following terms and conditions for the issuance and the use of points and coupons (“Terms and Conditions of Buyee Points”), which are available as part of the Buyee service.  Terms and Conditions of Buyee Points and “Terms and Conditions of Buyee Service” shall together constitute one policy of the Company.
Article 1 (Applicability)
Terms and Conditions of Buyee Points shall be applicable to Granted Points and Purchased Points (collectively the” Buyee Points”) and coupons, all of which can be used on the Site.
Article 2 (Granting of Granted Points and coupons)
The Company has discretion to issue Granted Points or coupons in the number or amount it determines, which can be exchanged for certain products.  Granted points or coupons will be issued to a member who submitted the application to purchase products through the Company’s online purchasing agent service in the manner and on the site the Company designates, or when the Company deems appropriate.
Granted Points and coupons shall be issued when the Company determines.  In the event that the application to purchase products through the Company’s purchasing agent services is canceled or changed before points and coupons are issued, Granted Points and coupons will not be issued.
The Granted Points and coupons shall be valid for the period of time the Company designates.  In the event that the Granted Points and coupons are not used during the validity period the Company designated, the Granted Points and coupons shall expire.
The Company shall have its full discretion on whether or not to issue Granted Points or coupons, the number and amount to be issued, and other matters related to granting.  Members shall comply with the Company’s final decisions.
Article 3 (Sales of Purchased Points)
A member can purchase Purchased Points in accordance with Terms and Conditions of Buyee Points in a method the Company designates.
The Company will determine the period in which Purchased Points are valid.  In the event that Purchased Points are not used during the period, the Purchased Points shall expire.
Purchased Points, once purchased, shall not be refundable for any reason.
In the event that any disputes arise between a member and a payment processing company, the parties shall resolve the disputes without the involvement of the Company.  The Company shall have no responsibility.
The Company shall not issue a receipt for Purchased Points purchased by members.
Article 4 (No assignment of Points and Coupons)
A member shall not share, add up, grant, lease, pledge, or assign points and coupons with or to other members.
In the event that a member registers for membership multiple times, the member shall not add up points issued to different member IDs, or points or coupons purchased using such different membership IDs.
Article 5 (Use of points and coupons for payments)
When making a purchase through the Company’s purchasing agent service, a member can use points and coupons it maintains for payments for all or a part of the price of a product (excluding shipping cost and transaction fee) in a method and at a conversion rate the Company designates.
Notwithstanding the aforementioned provision, so long as the entire amount of a product price and shipping cost is paid by Buyee Points, a member can use the Buyee Points (not coupons) for the payment for shipping cost and transaction fee.
In the event that a coupon is used for making the payment for a product, which price is less than the value of the coupon the Company designated (the “Face Value”), the remainder of the Face Value of the coupon that exceeds the product price shall also expire at the same time the coupon is used.
In the event that a member cancels the use of points and coupons, the Buyee Points shall be returned to the member in accordance with a method the Company designates; however, coupons shall not be returned to the member but instead shall expire.  In either case, the Company shall not refund in cash.
The Company shall have the final decisions on available products for exchange with points and coupons, conversion rate, whether to approve cancelation of points and coupons, and other matters related to the use of points and coupons.  Members shall comply with the Company’s final decisions.
The Company may cancel points and coupons that a member uses for a payment.  If there is a balance due as a result of such cancellation, the member shall pay the balance due immediately to the Company in a method designated by the Company.
Article 6 (No conversion to cash)
A member cannot convert points and coupons to cash at any time.
Article 7 (Cancelation of points and coupons)
The Company may cancel all or a part of Granted or Purchased Points or coupons in the following events:
(1) A member violated Terms and Conditions of Buyee Points, Terms and Conditions of Buyee Service, and/or any other rules of the Company;
(2) A member loses the membership;
(3) An application to purchase through the Company’s purchasing agent service is canceled;
(4) Points are issued by the Company’s mistake; or
(5) Other cases that the Company deems a cancelation is appropriate.
In the event that a member loses the membership, all rights related to the points and coupons the member holds shall expire in any case.  The Company shall not be responsible for any loss or damage the member incurred due to the expiration of the points and coupons.
Article 8 (Taxes)
All taxes and any additional charges as a result of using points and coupons shall be borne by members.  Members shall take all necessary measures in their sole discretion.
Article 9 (Change or termination of points and coupons)
The Company may change or terminate the issuance and use of points and coupons at anytime without a prior notice.  The Company shall not be responsible for any loss or damages as a result of the cancelation or termination of points and coupons.
Article 10 (Change of Terms and Conditions of Buyee Points)
The Company may change Terms and Conditions of Buyee Points at any time without a prior notice.  Revisions to Terms and Conditions of Buyee Points are effective immediately.
The Company may unilaterally terminate the Buyee Points program at any time without prior acceptance or notice.  Upon termination of the Buyee Points program, the Company shall have no obligation to convert points and coupons to cash or provide any other compensation.
Article 11 (Matters not stipulated)
Buyee Points program shall be governed by these terms and in accordance with Terms and Conditions of Buyee Service, to the extent that they do not conflict with these terms.
29/Sep/2016 established
4/Nov/2021 amended
BuyeePASS Terms of Service
Article 1 (Application)
Tenso, Inc., (the “Company”) has established these BuyeePASS Terms of Service (hereinafter the “Terms”) concerning the subscription service (the “Subscription Service”) of the purchase support service site (the “Site”) operated by the Company.
Together with the Buyee Terms of Service (the “Buyee Terms”), these Terms constitute one series of terms.
If any content hereof is inconsistent with or in violation of any provision of the Buyee Terms, these Terms shall prevail and apply, and any matter not stipulated herein shall be governed by the Buyee Terms.
Article 2 (Definition)
The following terms used herein have the meaning specified in the respective items:
(1) “Members” shall mean the members set forth in paragraph 1 of Article 1 of the Buyee Terms.
(2) “The Subscription Service” shall mean the subscription service provided by the Company called BuyeePASS (or the service after change if its name or content is changed for whatever reason).
Any other terms not defined herein shall have the same meaning as provided in the Buyee Terms.
Article 3 (Subscription Service)
The Subscription Service is a 30-day fixed-price service under which a given discount will be provided to a Member who has applied for the purchase support service within such amount and such number of times available as separately prescribed by the Company.
A Member wishing to use the Subscription Service may apply for it through the procedure prescribed by the Company after having agreed to these Terms.
The Company shall provide the Subscription Service when the Company accepts an application from the Member.
The Company may decide at its own discretion to accept or refuse to accept an application from a Member.
At the time of the application, a Member shall pay a usage charge to the Company as shown in the Subscription Service. The Company may revise the usage charge of the Subscription Service without advance notice.
A Member who falls in arrears with the payment of the usage charge shall pay the Company delay damages at the rate of 14.6% per annum.
A Member may not transfer any right arising out of a contract with the Company to a third party, offer it as security, nor dispose of it in any other way.
If a Member fails to pay the usage charge within the time prescribed by the Company, the Company may rescind the contract without any demand. Such rescission of contract by the Company shall not preclude it from claiming compensation against the Member for any damage incurred by the Company.
If any grounds set forth in Article 5 hereof apply, the Company may cancel a contract without any advance notice even after having consented to the contract.
In the event of the cancellation of the contract, the Company shall not refund any usage charge to the Member.
If the delivery of a product is not completed because of the cancellation after shipment of the product for a Member’s convenience or for any other reasons not attributable to the Company, including on the grounds set forth in items of Article 15 of the Buyee Terms, the Company shall not redeem the number of times the Subscription Service is available that has been counted at shipment nor refund the usage charge to the Member.
Article 4 (Cancellation/Renewal/Change of Contract)
A Member may cancel the Subscription Service by completing the procedure prescribed by the Company.
If a Member does not cancel the Subscription Service through the prescribed procedure at least one day before the last day of the valid period of the service, the service shall automatically renew every 30 days starting from the last day of the valid period.
A Member who cancels the service at least one day before the last day of the valid period shall not be refunded the charge for the number of days of the remaining period of the contract.
A Member may change the plan of the Subscription Service by completing the procedure prescribed by the Company.
The plan after the change shall apply upon the expiration of the valid period of the plan before the change. If a Member has not used, under the plan before the change, all the number of times or the total amount, up to which the service is available, they shall not be carried forward to the plan after the change.
Article 5 (Refusal to Provide Subscription Service)
If any of the following grounds apply or are likely to apply, the Company may refuse to provide the Subscription Service even after having consented to the provision of the service:
When a Member violates these Terms
When the Company otherwise deems it inappropriate
Article 6 (Change and Discontinuance of Subscription Service)
The Company may change or discontinue at any time any content of the Subscription Service without advance notice. The Company shall not be responsible for any disadvantage or damage caused to a Member as a result of the change or discontinuance.
29th June 2022 established
Terms and Conditions of Buyee Wallet
Buyee Wallet Terms of Use
tenso, inc. (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”), which operates an online site (hereinafter referred to as the “Site”) to provide purchasing agent service called “Buyee,” hereby establishes the following terms and conditions for the funds deposit feature "Buyee Wallet" (hereinafter referred to as “Wallet Terms”), which are available as part of the Buyee service. The Wallet Terms, together with the Terms and Conditions of Buyee Service (hereinafter referred to as "Terms of Service") and the Buyee Wallet Usage Guide, shall together constitute one policy of the Company.
Buyee Wallet Usage Guide
Article 1 (Applicability)
Buyee Wallet and the Wallet Terms apply to the deposit amount available for use on the Site. Buyee points are not applicable.
In order to use Buyee Wallet, members are required to go through a registration process with Wise Payments Limited group company (hereinafter referred to as "Wise"), a third-party provider of money transfer services, and complete identity verification and bank account registration. For inquiries regarding the registration process or any questions about Wise, please contact Wise directly.
Wise Payments Limited group company
Contact Wise
In the event of a dispute between a member and Wise regarding the amount transferred by depositing or refunding stated in Article 2 and Article 5, it shall be resolved between the member and Wise based on Wise's Customer Agreement. The Company shall bear no responsibility.
Wise's Customer Agreement
All expenses, fees, losses in currency exchange, and any other financial burdens related to the amount transferred by depositing or refunding, shall be the sole responsibility of the customer.
Article 2 (Deposit)
Members are able to deposit funds using the methods specified by the Company in the following and in the User Guide.
Method specified by the Company in the User Guide
Members are required to specify a validity period of up to 180 days, the currency for refund, and the Wise account for refund when applying for a deposit.
After applying for a deposit, members are not able to modify the details.
If no funds are transferred by the member within 14 days after applying for a deposit, the application will be canceled.
Please note that there may be cases where funds cannot be transferred due to regulations in various countries and rules set by Wise.
If the amount transferred from outside Japan exceeds 1 million yen, it will be processed as a SWIFT transfer. In addition to the fees incurred on Wise, there may be separate fees deducted by intermediary banks. Please be aware of this in advance.
SWIFT transfer
The amount credited to the Company's bank account, regardless of the amount entered by the member during the deposit application or the amount actually transferred by the member through Wise, will be considered as the deposit amount and will be reflected in Buyee Wallet.
After applying for a deposit, it may take some time for the deposit amount to be reflected. In situations where this time delay causes issues such as missing out on bidding or placing an order, the Company shall not be held responsible.
Article 3 (Use of Deposited Amount)
The charged amount can only be used for bids or orders where the product price (excluding fees, etc.) exceeds 900,000 yen within this service.
The deposited amount cannot be used in combination with other payment methods in a single payment. Additionally, the deposited amount can only be used for the first time payments (related to product fees), and it cannot be used for the second time payments (related to international shipping fees) or other charges. Please refer to the Usage Guide for more details.
Each separately deposited amount from different deposit applications can be used together for bids or orders, but they will be used in the order of expiration dates, starting from the earliest.
Please note that there may be a delay in reflecting the use of the deposited amount for bids, as we perform item confirmation when bidding takes place.
Article 4 (On-Hold Status)
The deposited amount will be put on hold in the following cases.
When the winning bid or order amount is lower than the amount used while placing bid or order, the difference of the amount
When the Company determine the item as a prohibited item during the item confirmation process mentioned in the preceding article, paragraph 4.
When the delay of the item confirmation process mentioned in the preceding article, paragraph 4, results in unsuccessful bidding or the auction has ended.
When the bidding or order is unsuccessful due to canceled snipe bids or other reasons.
When the seller cancels a winning bid or order, or if the order cannot be completed due to non-delivery of the item, etc.
When the order cannot be completed due to reasons such as out-of-stock.
When the Plan compensation is approved due to item damage, loss, etc.
The member can choose one of the following processing methods for the deposited amount in the on-hold status within 7 days. If no selection is made within 7 days, it will be maintained as the deposited amount in Buyee Wallet.
Maintain it as the deposited amount in Buyee Wallet.
Refund to the currency and Wise account specified during the deposit application.
Article 5 (Refund of Deposited Amount)
Except for the following cases, members are not eligible for a refund of the deposited amount. In addition, the Company consider its refund obligation fulfilled by initiating the refund procedure to the currency and Wise account specified by the member during the deposit application.
When the validity period of the deposited amount (maximum 180 days) has expired.
When the member selects the refund of the deposited amount during the on-hold period.
When the member violates the Terms of Service, Terms and Conditions of Buyee Points, BuyeePASS Terms of Service, Wallet Terms, or other individual agreements and guidelines specified by the Company, or when the member's membership is terminated.
If the refund amount exceeds 1 million yen, it will be refunded separately for each 1 million yen (or for each 600,000 yen if the target currency of the refund is CNY).
Article 6 (Prohibition of Assignment of Deposited Amount)
A member shall not share, add up, grant, lease, pledge, or assign the deposit amount with or to other members.
In the event that a member registers for membership multiple times, the member shall not add up the amount deposited using such different membership IDs.
Article 7 (Prohibition of Conversion to Cash)
A member is not allowed to combine or divert the deposit amount with or to other payment methods, or convert it to cash under any circumstances.
Article 8 (Taxes)
All taxes and any additional charges as a result of using Buyee Wallet shall be borne by members. Members shall take all necessary measures in their sole discretion.
Article 9 (Change or Termination of Buyee Wallet service)
The Company may change or terminate the service of Buyee Wallet at anytime without a prior notice. The Company shall not be responsible for any loss or damages as a result of the cancelation or termination of Buyee Wallet .
Article 10 (Change of Wallet Terms)
The Company may change the Wallet Terms at any time without a prior notice. Revisions to the Wallet Terms are effective immediately.
The Company may unilaterally terminate the Wallet Terms at any time without prior acceptance or notice. Upon termination of the Wallet Terms, the Company shall have no obligation to convert deposit amount to cash or provide any other compensation.
Article 11 (Matters Not Stipulated)
For matters not specified in the Wallet Terms, they shall be governed by the provisions of the Service Terms.
19th June 2023 Established
Usage Guide
Service Flow
How to Place Bids
Sniper Bid
Please Read Before Bidding
How to buy at Shopping
About Buyee Points
About Buyee Wallet
Shipping Procedure
About Package Storage
Hours of Operation
Payment
Usage Fees
International Shipping Fee Estimation
About Plan
Payment Methods
Shipping
Shipping Methods
Domestic Shipping
Optional Services
Package Consolidation
Protective Packaging
Special Packaging
Photo Service
For Taiwan only
Convenience Store Pickup Service
For Taiwan only
BuyeePASS
Refer a friend
Available Countries / Regions
Available Countries / Regions
Restrictions
Terms and Conditions
Prohibited Items / All
Shipping Information and Prohibited Items By Countries / Regions
Facebook
X
Instagram
Discord
© Buyee. all rights reserved.