ERMS OF USE OF WEBSITE
Exclusion of Liability for External Links

The Website may provide links to external Internet sites. Calvin Klein hereby declares explicitly that it has no influence on the layout or content of the linked pages and dissociates itself expressly from all contents of all linked pages of third parties. Calvin Klein shall not be liable for the use or content of Internet sites that link to this site or which are linked from it. Our the privacy and cookie notice does not apply to any collection and processing of your personal data on or through such external sites.

Information on the Website

The information on the Website is for general information purposes only and does not constitute advice. Even though Calvin Klein has composed its Website with care, the information, texts, documents, graphics, movies, music and/or other services/information on it may contain errors or be otherwise incorrect or incomplete. Calvin Klein does not guarantee that the Website and/or the information is free of errors, defects, malware and viruses or that the Website and/or information is correct, up to date and accurate.

To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, Calvin Klein shall not be liable for any damages resulting from the use or inability to use of the Website, including damages caused by malware, viruses or any incorrectness or incompleteness of such information or the Website, unless such damage is the result of any wilful misconduct or from gross negligence on the part of Calvin Klein.

Calvin Klein shall further not be liable for damages resulting from the use of (or the inability to use) electronic means of communication with this Website, including – but not limited to – damages resulting from failure or delay in delivery of electronic communications, interception or manipulation of electronic communications by third parties or by computer programs used for electronic communications and transmission of viruses.

Intellectual Property

All brand names, logo, product names and titles used on the Website are trademarks or trade names of Calvin Klein or third party trade mark or trade name holders. You are not allowed to use or reproduce any such trade marks, logo or trade names as this may constitute an infringement of the holder’s rights.

The rights in the Website design, texts, documents, movies, music and/or other services and the selection and arrangement thereof, and all software compilations, underlying source codes, software and all other material on this Website are owned by or licensed to Calvin Klein and/or its suppliers and subcontractors.

You are only allowed to electronically copy and to print in hard copy portions of the Website to the extent this is necessary for the purpose of placing an order with us, or for using the Website as a shopping resource. You are not allowed to make any other use of the information and materials on this Website, including reproduction for purposes other than the one mentioned above, modification, distribution or republication. Should you wish to use materials or information from this Website, you need our prior written approval to do so.

Text and data mining

The content, text, data, images, videos and other assets made publicly available on this Website are protected by copyright. In accordance with Article 4(3) of Directive (EU) 2019/790 on Copyright in the Digital Single Market, we expressly reserve all rights and do not permit the use of any such content for the purposes of commercial text and data mining (TDM), including the training of generative AI systems, without our prior written consent.

This reservation does not apply to indexing and search engine access for the purposes of content discoverability, such as crawling and indexing by general-purpose search engines (e.g., Google, Bing) or any AI systems when used solely to answer user queries with factual references to our products or services to assist a user in a search and purchase or offer them an add related to our product.

Any use of our content for the purpose of TDM, AI model training, or any other automated analysis beyond lawful indexing and search discovery as described is prohibited unless explicitly licensed by us.

Data Privacy

Calvin Klein collects and processes your personal data according to the privacy and cookie notice.

Unsolicited Ideas

In the event you post unsolicited ideas and/or materials whether consisting of texts, images, sounds, software, information or otherwise (Materials) on this Website or send these to Calvin Klein by e-mail or otherwise, you grant us an irrevocable, free of charge non-exclusive and worldwide right to use, copy, adapt, modify, publish and/or commercially exploit such Materials to the fullest extent in whatever form and via all media known and to date unknown for the duration of the intellectual property rights in the Materials and we shall not be bound by any confidentiality obligation in respect of such Materials.

To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, you hereby indemnify and hold Calvin Klein harmless from and against all actions, claims and liabilities, suffered, incurred or sustained by us as a result of the use and/or exploitation of the Materials infringing the (intellectual property) rights of any third party or otherwise being unlawful towards a third party.