AI Tools Terms of Use
These AI Terms explain how you can, and cannot, use any AI services that we may make available to you via our websites (“AI Tools”), in addition to our general Website Terms of Use.

 

By using any AI Tool you agree to the following terms:  

What can and can’t I do with the AI Tool?
Do:
You may provide input to the AI Tool (“Input”), and receive output from the AI Tool based on the Input (“Output”). Your Input and Output are collectively “Content”.
You may use any Content created by the AI Tool in an educational context, provided that: 
The Content is clearly attributed to you or your educational institution and you acknowledge that you and/or your educational institution take ultimate responsibility for the Content.
The role of AI in formulating the Content is clearly disclosed in a way that no reader could possibly miss, and that a typical reader would find sufficiently easy to understand.
Do not:
Input any personal information into the AI Tool, including sensitive or confidential student information, or any business confidential information.
Input any materials or content unless you own it, or you have the necessary permission from the owner, and ensure that doing so does not infringe anyone else’s rights.
Share Outputs that may offend others or that violate our Website Terms of Use or Privacy Policy
Attempt to or assist anyone to reverse engineer, decompile or discover the source code or underlying components of our AI Tool, including our models, algorithms, or systems (except to the extent this restriction is prohibited by applicable law).
Automatically or programmatically extract data or Output.
Represent that Output was human-generated when it was not.
Interfere with or disrupt our AI Tool, including circumventing any rate limits or restrictions or bypassing any protective measures or safety mitigations we put on our AI Tool.
Use Output to develop models that compete with our AI Tool.
 

My Input, and Outputs generated by the AI Tool – what do I need to know? 
Responsibility: You are responsible for Content, including ensuring that it does not violate any applicable law or these Terms. You represent and warrant that you have all rights, licences, and permissions needed to provide Input to our AI Tool. 

Accuracy: Output may not always be accurate. You:

agree that you will not rely on Output from our AI Tool as a sole source of truth or factual information, or as a substitute for professional expertise.
must evaluate Output for accuracy and appropriateness for your use case, including using human review as appropriate, before using or sharing Output from the AI Tool.
Our AI Tool may provide incomplete, incorrect, or offensive Output that does not represent our views.

Similarity of Output: Due to the nature of our AI Tool and artificial intelligence generally, Output may not be unique and other users may receive similar output from our AI Tool.

Intellectual Property (IP): As between you and us, and to the extent permitted by applicable law: 

a) Your Input stays yours: any Input provided by you remains your property, and that of the relevant rightsholders. 
b) You Own the Output: Except as noted in (c) below, you will own the Output, and we transfer any rights we may have in that Output to you.
c) Our Existing IP stays ours: If the Output includes elements of our pre-existing Intellectual Property, those elements remain our property. You also do not gain ownership of any third-party content included in the Output (as defined below).
Our use of Content. We can use your Content and any feedback you provide worldwide to provide, maintain, develop, and improve our AI Tool, comply with applicable law, enforce our terms and policies and keep our AI Tool safe, without compensation to you.

Third Parties: Our services may include third party software, products, or services, (“Third Party AI Tool”) and some parts of our AI Tool, may include output from those services (“Third Party Output”). Third Party AI Tools and Third Party Output are subject to their own terms, and we are not responsible for them.

If Output references any third party products or services, it doesn’t mean the third party endorses or is affiliated with us.

Our Disclaimer: The AI Tool is offered “as-is” and it is excluded from any indemnification obligations we may have to you. 

We make no representations or warranties for AI Tools, including any warranty that AI Tools will be generally available, uninterrupted or error-free, or that Content will be secure or not lost or damaged. Except to the extent prohibited by law, we expressly disclaim all warranties for AI Tools, including any implied warranties of merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, or quiet enjoyment, and any warranties arising out of any course of dealing or usage of trade.

 

Last updated: November 2025


Website Terms of Use
Table of Contents
Who are we?
How can you contact us?
What are these Website Terms?
What can and can't I do on this Site?
User generated content on the Site – what do I need to know?
External links on and to the Site – what do I need to know?
What happens if things don't go as planned?
1. Who are we?
cupa shield icon
We are Cambridge University Press & Assessment, but you may know us as Cambridge. See our Legal Notice for more information about us.
Read less
2. How can you contact us?
If you have any questions about these Website Terms, we would love to hear from you.

email icon
Email us at: legal@cambridge.org
write email icon
Write to us at: Legal & Business Affairs at Cambridge University Press & Assessment, Shaftesbury Road, Cambridge, CB2 8EA, United Kingdom
clock icon
Please read these Website Terms carefully. It will take about 10–15 minutes.
Read less
3. What are these Website Terms?
key documents icon
These Website Terms explain how you can, and cannot, use this website (Site) and its content, or any other Cambridge websites which link to this page.
Some other key documents to know about are:
The Privacy Notice and Cookies Notice, which explain how we treat any data we receive from you, including from your use of this Site.
The Conditions of Sale, which apply if you buy something from this Site.
change icon
Sometimes we will change these Website Terms – if we do, we will post those changes on this Site or in some cases let you know directly. We will assume you are fine with these changes if you continue to use the Site.
copyright icon
We have worked hard to create this Site and its content - we either own it or have permission to share it with you (except if you upload content on the Site, in which case, you own that and let us use it).
profile icon
You may need to create a user profile and password on the Site – if you do, keep these safe and do not share them with others. We understand unexpected things happen, so if you think someone might have these details please contact us as soon as possible so we can help keep your information secret (although ultimately, you are responsible for all activities that occur on your profile).
protect your information icon
While we hope we never have to, we may need to disable your user profile or access to the Site if we think it is necessary to protect the security or integrity of the Site or if you have not complied with these Website Terms.
legal reasons icon
These Website Terms are governed by English law and we both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts if required.
Read less
4. What can and can't I do on this Site?
We welcome you to use this Site, but if you do, you need to comply with these Website Terms and use the Site in a lawful and responsible way.

dos and donts icon“Do” and “Do nots” 
do check iconDo
tick icon
Enjoy the Site!
tick icon
Comply with these Website Terms – and any extra terms for certain features on the Site.
tick icon
Only use the Site and its content for personal, non-commercial purposes.
tick icon
Print, copy and download pages from the Site, but if you do so, remember that this is still our IP and we need you to ensure any IP notices on those pages stay put, and please be careful not to trigger anything in the "Do not" column.
tick icon
You must be 16 or older to use this Site – or if you are younger than 16, please get permission from your parent or guardian.
tick icon
The Site and content on it is great for general information purposes. While we try our best, the Site and its content may not always be correct, complete or up to date (and we cannot guarantee or be responsible for this). If you spot an issue, please let us know as soon as possible.
tick icon
Be aware that we may change the Site and content – we are not responsible if things have changed when you re-visit the Site.
do not x iconDo not
cross icon
Remove, change or modify the Site or its content (other than when you are posting user generated content).
cross icon
Attempt to gain unauthorised access to the Site or interfere with the security or proper working of the Site or its hosting servers.
cross icon
Knowingly introduce viruses or other malicious or technologically harmful content to the Site. 
cross icon
Attack the Site including via a denial-of-service attack.
cross icon
'Scrape' or store content from the Site on a server or other storage device or create an electronic database by downloading and storing the Site's content. 
cross icon
Use the Site in a way that might damage our name or reputation – or harm or upset another person.
Read less
5. User generated content on the Site – what do I need to know?
why we do this icon
On the Site, we have public areas (e.g. message boards) that we welcome you and others to contribute (let's call these the User content pages). We ask that anyone who contributes to the User Content Pages follows certain rules so it is an enjoyable and safe environment for everyone.
 

Rights and responsibilities – you and us
Your responsibilities
Your posts on the Site are your responsibility.

We also need you to comply with the "dos" and "do nots" below when posting:

do check iconDo
tick icon
Ensure all content you post is relevant, accurate, your genuine opinion and complies with the law.
tick icon
Ensure you have permission from others when required e.g. because they own it.
do not x iconDo not
cross icon
Post, transmit, link to or otherwise make available illegal content or content you or others may find objectionable or harmful (especially children).
cross icon
Post, transmit or distribute any spam, virus or code that has contaminating or destructive elements.
cross icon
Impersonate anyone else or pretend you have a relationship with someone or something.
content moderation iconCambridge’s responsibilities
We do not monitor / moderate User content pages.
Views expressed by you and other users on the site do not represent our views or values – and we are not responsible for what they say or do.
rights iconYour rights
You own content you upload to the Site but:
We do not monitor / moderate User content pages.
You grant to us and users of the site a wide licence to use, store and copy that content, and to distribute and make it available to third parties.
You permit us to disclose your identity to any third party who claims that content posted or uploaded by you to our site infringes their IP rights or their right to privacy.
alert iconCambridge’s rights
We may remove or block content that you upload to the Site – and in some cases, we may block or suspend your access to the Site if we think doing so is important.

Read less
6. External links on and to the Site – what do I need to know?
external link by you iconExternal linking – by you
You are welcome to share a link to our Site on your website but if you do make sure:

The link is not misleading or deceptive.
It fairly indicates its destination.
You do not imply that we endorse you, your website or things on it.
Your website does not contain any content that is unlawful, threatening, abusive, defamatory, pornographic, obscene, vulgar, indecent, offensive or infringes rights of others.
external link iconExternal links – by us
We may link to other websites (including apps), for example because they are relevant to the content on the Site or are of general interest. These are run by others and will have their own terms, which you should look out for.

We are not responsible for these websites, any content on them, or their policies and notices. A link does not mean we endorse the views of the linked website. We have no control over the availability of any of these websites.

Read less
7. What happens if things don't go as planned?
fix issues iconIssues with site
We do our best to ensure you have uninterrupted and error free access to our site. However, there may be times when this is not possible, or we need to remove or restrict access to all or a part of our Site. Please do bear in mind that we cannot guarantee availability of be responsible for issues with this. If you see something is not working, please let us know.

content issues iconIssues with content
If you wish to comment or complain about any content on the site (including on the User content pages) contact us as soon as possible.

 

Read less
We last updated these Website Terms in August 2022.