TERMS & CONDITIONS  
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEB SITE. Your use of the website, mobile app or other Canadian Tire property where these terms and conditions are referenced (the “Site”) is expressly conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the following terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"). By using the Site, you signify your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions. 

Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited ("Canadian Tire") may, in its sole discretion and for any reason, modify, supplement or amend these Terms and Conditions without any notice or liability to you or any other person, by posting revised Terms and Conditions on the Site. Your continued use of the Site signifies your acceptance of such revised Terms and Conditions, so check back frequently to read the most recent version. 


Ownership 

The Site, its design, all text, graphics, content, video, audio and the selection and arrangement thereof are the property of Canadian Tire, and/or its various subsidiaries, affiliates, Canadian Tire Associate Dealers, third party providers and distributors ("Third Parties"), and are protected under the copyright laws of Canada and other countries. None of the content found on the Site may be reproduced, republished, distributed, displayed, sold, transferred, or modified without the express written permission of Canadian Tire and/or the applicable Third Parties. 

Canadian Tire, canadiantire.ca, and all other Canadian Tire related trademarks and design marks displayed on canadiantire.ca (collectively, the "Trademarks") are registered and common law trademarks of Canadian Tire. Other trademarks and design marks appearing on this web site are trademarks of their respective owners. The trademarks of MasterCard International Incorporated are used under license. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademarks, including the Trademarks, except with the express written permission of Canadian Tire or such other party that may own the applicable trademarks. 


Use of Site 

Neither the Site nor its content may be, in whole or in part, copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed without the written permission of Canadian Tire, except that you may download, display and print the content presented on the Site for your personal, non-commercial use only. Unauthorized use of the Site and/or the content contained on the Site may violate applicable copyright, trademark or other intellectual property laws or other laws. You must retain all copyright and trademark notices, including any other proprietary notices, contained within the content on this Site. The use of such content on any other web site or in any environment of networked computers is prohibited. 

You are prohibited from contributing, posting or transmitting to this Site any infringing, unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, indecent, inflammatory, pornographic or profane content or any content that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. 

The use of the Site to intentionally cause Canadian Tire and/or The Third Parties harm, is an immediate breach of these Terms and Conditions and the immediate loss of any right to use the Site.

The Site is not intended for use by children under the age of 13. Use of the Site is void where prohibited by applicable law. 

In its sole discretion, in addition to any other rights or remedies available to Canadian Tire and without any liability whatsoever, Canadian Tire at any time and without notice may terminate or restrict your access to any component of the Site. 


User Name and Password

Your Canadian Tire account may be accessed only by use of your login name and password. You are solely responsible and liable for any use and misuse of your login name and password and for all activities that occur under your login name and password. For security reasons, you must keep your login name and password confidential and not disclose them to any person or permit any other person to use them, except an authorized Canadian Tire representative. Canadian Tire recommends that you choose a password that is unique to you and not easily guessed by others. You should change your password on a regular basis, and you must log out at the end of each session. 

All login names and passwords remain the property of Canadian Tire, and may be cancelled or suspended at any time by Canadian Tire without any notice or liability to you or any other person. Canadian Tire is not under any obligation to verify the actual identity or authority of the user of any login name or password. 

You must immediately notify Canadian Tire of any unauthorized use of your login name or password, or if you know or suspect that your login name or password has been lost or stolen, has become known to any other person, or has been otherwise compromised. 


Privacy 

You have read the Canadian Tire Privacy Charter (the “Privacy Policy”) the terms of which appear on canadiantire.ca and are incorporated into these Terms and Conditions, and agree that the terms of the Privacy Policy are reasonable. You consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information by Canadian Tire and/or Third Parties in accordance with the terms of and for the purposes set forth in the Privacy Policy. 

Review Guidelines

The Site is a public site; therefore, we ask that you follow some basic rules. We moderate all reviews before posting them and reserve the right to deny any review at our absolute discretion. Your review should describe your experience using the product and include details about what you liked or disliked.   

Here are some examples of the type of content that can cause a review to be denied: 

Offensive, abusive or prejudicial language 
Reviews that are not relevant to the product being reviewed 
Reviews that exceed 100 words 
Reviews that contain a price reference  
Reviews that attempt to solicit responses from others (creating a forum) 
Reviews that contain content about competitors 
Mentions of personally identifiable information  
Customer service issues, shipping issues, return policies or safety concerns. If you have concerns about the safety of a product, please contact us directly with the information provided below. Do not submit this feedback through a product review. 

Corporate Customer Relations: 

English: 1-800-387-8803 

French: 1-800-565-3356 


We reserve the right not to publish your review should these Guidelines or Terms and Conditions be violated, or for any other reasons in our entire discretion. It is not possible for you to edit/remove your review after submission. However, if you wish to have your review removed, you can contact our Customer Relations team at EN: 1-800-387-8803 or FR: 1-800-565-3356. 

If approved, your review will appear in its entirety. We will not edit any content. 


User Generated Content 

Canadian Tire may, from time to time, select content created and publicly posted by you (the "Contributor") on a third-party social media platform ("User Generated Content") that is relevant to and in conformity with Canadian Tire's brand vision and brand principles. Canadian Tire has chosen this User Generated Content for the purpose promoting Canadian Tire in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. The Contributor should review the Terms and Conditions each time the Contributor grants permission or authorization to Canadian Tire to use the Contributor's User Generated Content.

Consent - When User Generated Content is selected by Canadian Tire, the Contributor will be contacted via the social media platform on which the User Generated Content appears. Canadian Tire will ask the Contributor for his/her consent to use the specified User Generated Content in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. The Contributor will be asked to reply in accordance with the instruction in the message to grant his/her consent. A direct response by Contributor within the same message thread using the language specified will be deemed to constitute valid consent. If no response is received from the Contributor, the specified User Generated Content will not be used by Canadian Tire.

BY REPLYING "I CONSENT", THE CONTRIBUTOR IS ENTERING INTO AN AGREEMENT WITH CANADIAN TIRE AND AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, WITHOUT LIMITATION OR QUALIFICATION. THE CONSENT GIVEN BY CONTRIBUTOR SHALL ONLY BE VALID FOR THE USER GENERATED CONTENT SPECIFIED BY CANADIAN TIRE.

License - By providing consent, the Contributor hereby grants to Canadian Tire, the perpetual, non-exclusive, irrevocable, sublicensable, worldwide, royalty-free right and license to exhibit, distribute, reproduce, use, modify, adapt, publish, translate, transmit, disclose, publicly perform and publicly display the User Generated Content and the Contributor's name, voice, picture, portrait and likeness as it appears in or in connection with the User Generated Content and to incorporate such User Generated Content in other works in any format or medium now known or later developed for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes, including but not limited to the advertising, marketing and promotion of Canadian Tire and its products and services.

Notwithstanding the above, Canadian Tire will have no obligation to make any use of any of the rights granted by the Contributor. Canadian Tire's use of the User Generated Content or the Contributor's name and/or likeness does not imply any endorsement of or any affiliation with the Contributor.

The Contributor acknowledges he/she is not entitled to any compensation for use of the User Generated Content by Canadian Tire.

Representations and Warranties - By granting the license, the Contributor represents and warrants that:

He/she is 18 years of age or older;
He/she has the full right, power and authority to grant the rights described in these Terms and Conditions;
The User Generated Content was created by the Contributor or the Contributor owns or controls all rights in such User Generated Content, such that the Contributor has all necessary licenses, rights, consents and permissions to publish the User Generated Content and to grant the rights described herein, including permission from all person(s) appearing in the Contributor's User Generated Content;
The exercise by Canadian Tire of its rights under these Terms and Conditions will not violate the rights of any third party or any applicable laws, rules or regulations, including, without limitation, consumer protection, privacy, copyright, trademark and trade laws;
The User Generated Content does not contain any worms, viruses or other code deemed harmful to Canadian Tire or Canadian Tire's users; and
The User Generated Content is not libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, indecent, threatening, harassing, hateful, or offensive or otherwise unlawful.
Indemnity, Waiver and Release - The Contributor agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Canadian Tire and the Third Parties, and their respective officers, directors, employees, consultants, representatives and agents from and against any claim, cause of action or demand, including without limitation reasonable legal, accounting and other professional fees, brought as a result of Contributors breach of the User Generated Content section of these Terms and Conditions.

The Contributor hereby waives any and all claims to which the Contributor may become entitled for any reason whatsoever and does hereby release, remise and forever discharge Canadian Tire and the Third Parties of and from any and all actions, causes of action, suits, debts, dues, sums of money, costs, claims and demands whatsoever, whether at law or in equity, which the Canadian Tire or the Third Parties hereafter can, may or shall have, by reason of Canadian Tire use of the User Generated Content.

The Contributor irrevocably and unconditionally waives (and agrees not to enforce) all rights in the User Generated Content, including without limitation any moral rights or equivalent rights which the Contributor may otherwise have under any laws now existing or which become law in the future in any part of the world. If requested, the Contributor will sign any documentation in such manner and at such location as may be required to protect, perfect or enforce any of the rights the Contributor has granted to Canadian Tire under these Terms and Conditions.


eFLYER 

The products and services advertised in the eFLYER are available at Canadian Tire Associate Stores in Canada. Canadian Tire Associate Stores are independently owned and operated by Canadian Tire Associate Dealers. 

  

Pricing Policy 

Canadian Tire has attempted to match online prices to those in store; however online prices, product and service selection and availability, and sale effective dates may differ from those in store and may vary by geographic region. Due to differences in sale effective dates across the country, items may be available online at the sale price before they are available in store. Dealers are under no obligation to make promotional products available, or to match online prices until the sale begins in their region. Market conditions and competitive pressures may cause prices and availability to change without further notice. Canadian Tire Associate Dealers may sell for less. Additionally, although great care is taken in the production of the canadiantire.ca web site, typographical, illustrative or pricing errors may occur. We reserve the right to correct errors at any time. 

All prices quoted are payable in Canadian Dollars and, unless otherwise stated, do not include GST, PST, QST or HST.   

For Gift Card purchases, prices quoted are payable in Canadian Dollars and, unless otherwise stated, do not include shipping charges. Please see Canadian Tire’s Shipping Policy for shipping and handling of Gift Card purchases. 

The e-FLYER and the Site each offer limited-time sales values, special buys and items at Canadian Tire's everyday low price. Regular prices shown are the prices at which the products have been sold by Canadian Tire as of the date of issuance indicated. A correctly completed Review and Submit page delivered by you to Canadian Tire constitutes your offer to purchase gift cards listed in your order. Your order shall be deemed to be accepted only at the point when Canadian Tire sends a shipping confirmation email to the email address you provided. If you would like to change your order, call Customer Service toll-free at 1-866-746-7287. Please have your order number ready when you place your call. Do not email us with a request, as emails may not be processed in sufficient time to effect a change to an order during high volume periods. 

All advertisements on the Site are merely invitations for you to purchase goods or services from a Canadian Tire Associate Store, and are not offers to sell by Canadian Tire. 

Canadian Tire reserves the right to limit quantities; reject, correct, cancel or refuse orders, and to terminate accounts, in its discretion, including, without limitation, if Canadian Tire believes that customer conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to the interests of Canadian Tire or any Third Parties. 

All sizes quoted are approximate. Some items shown may require assembly. 


Liability Disclaimer 

Except as explicitly provided in these Terms and Conditions as amended from time to time, Canadian Tire and the Third Parties make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, regarding the Site and/or any content provided on the Site, all of which are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Canadian Tire and the Third Parties do not warrant the accuracy, completeness, currency, reliability or suitability of the operation of the Site, or any of the content or data found on the Site, and expressly disclaim all warranties and conditions in respect of the Site, its content or data, including implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, and those arising by statute or otherwise in law or from a course of dealing or usage of trade. 

 Canadian Tire and the Third Parties are not responsible for late, lost, incomplete, illegible, misdirected or stolen messages or mail, unavailable network connections, failed, incomplete, garbled or delayed computer transmissions, on-line failures, hardware, software or other technical malfunctions or disturbances or any other communications failures or circumstances affecting, disrupting or corrupting communications. 

Canadian Tire and the Third Parties assume no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or any viruses affecting your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing on canadiantire.ca or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from canadiantire.ca. 

In no event shall Canadian Tire or any of the Third Parties be liable for any injury, loss, claim, damage, or any special, exemplary, punitive, direct, indirect, incidental or consequential damages of any kind (including, but not limited to lost profits or lost savings), whether based in contract, tort, strict liability, or otherwise, which arises out of or is in any way connected with any use of the Site or content found herein, the operation of the Site, or any failure or delay in the operation of the Site (including, but not limited to the inability to use any component of the Site for purchases) even if advised of the possibility of damages. 

 You are subject to the Google Maps/Google Earth Additional Terms of Service (including the Google Privacy Policy), located at https://www.google.com/intl/en-US_US/help/terms_maps.html, and https://www.google.com/intl/ALL/policies/privacy/index.html, respectively. 


Maximum Liability 

If, notwithstanding the foregoing, Canadian Tire or any of the Third Parties should be found liable for any loss or damage which arises out of or is in any way connected with any of the functions or uses of canadiantire.ca or its content, the liability of Canadian Tire and the Third Parties shall in no event exceed in the aggregate $250 CAD. 

  

Indemnification 

You shall indemnify and save harmless Canadian Tire and the Third Parties and their respective officers, directors, employees, consultants, representatives and agents from and against any claim, cause of action or demand, including without limitation reasonable legal, accounting and other professional fees, brought as a result of your use of the Site. 

  

Links 

The Site contains links to properties owned or operated by other entities which are not associated or affiliated with Canadian Tire or the Third Parties. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement, investigation or verification by Canadian Tire or the Third Parties of the linked web site or information contained therein or of their security or privacy practices. Canadian Tire and the Third Parties shall not be responsible for the content of any other linked web sites and makes no representation or warranty regarding any other web sites or the contents on such web sites. If you decide to access other web sites, you do so at your own risk. Framing of the Site or any of its content in any form and by any method is strictly prohibited. 


Relationships 

The relationship between Canadian Tire and you will be that of independent contractors, and neither of us nor any of our respective officers, agents or employees will be held or construed to be partners, joint ventures, fiduciaries, employees or agents of the other as a result of these Terms and Conditions or your use of the Site. 

  

Governing Laws 

This Agreement and its performance shall be governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada. You consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in the City of Toronto, in the Province of Ontario, Canada, in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of canadiantire.ca and these Terms and Conditions. 

  

Additional Terms 

Additional terms and conditions apply to purchases of products and services. Additional terms and conditions may also apply to specific web site functions available on the Site. 

  

Severability 

These Terms and Conditions shall be deemed severable. In the event that any provision is determined to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision shall nonetheless be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions. 

  

Headings 

The headings used in these Terms and Conditions are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms and Conditions. 

  

Entire Agreement 

These Terms and Conditions, together with those incorporated or referred to herein, constitute the entire agreement between us relating to the subject matter hereof, and supersede any prior understandings or agreements (whether electronic, oral or written) regarding the subject matter, and may not be amended or modified except by Canadian Tire as set forth above. 

  

English Language 

The parties have requested that these Terms and Conditions and all documents contemplated hereby be drawn up in English. Les parties aux présentes ont exigé que cette entente et tous autres documents envisagés par les présentes soient rédigés en anglais.