Privacy Policy - Carrington Mortgage Services
Skip to main content
✖
Carrington Mobile
FREE in the App Store
Get the App
✖
Carrington Mobile™
FREE in Google Play
Get the App
Customer LogIn
Recent Transfer
Privacy Policy
Last Modified December 29, 2025
Carrington Mortgage Services, LLC ("Carrington") operates the web site at www.CarringtonMortgage.com ("Site"). We respect the privacy of each user of the Site (referred to as "you" or a "user”). This Privacy Policy gives you specific information about how we protect privacy, how we treat information we collect on the Site that identifies an individual user ("Personal Information"), and how we use aggregated information.
Please see our
Federal Privacy Opt Out
for an explanation of what
Carrington
does with your personal information and the steps to take to limit the sharing of your information. For California residents, please see our
California Privacy Opt Out
.
BY REGISTERING FOR OR USING THE SITE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU CANNOT USE THE SITE.
We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time by posting a notice on the Site's home page. Your use of the Site after the date of the last modification listed at the beginning of this Privacy Policy indicates to us that you agree to the changes.
Location of Servers and Transfer of Information to the United States
The Site is hosted by servers in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, your Personal Information will be transferred to the United States. By submitting your Personal Information, you consent to its transfer to the United States and to its storage, processing and use there in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Scope of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to your use of this Site only. We do not own, operate or control the web sites of third parties. Accordingly, this Statement does not apply to such parties' web sites or their respective collection, use, storage and disclosure of your Personal Information.
1. Collection and Use of Your Personal Information
We collect Personal Information from you only when you voluntarily submit it in order to obtain certain information, including without limitation (A) requests to find out more about our programs; (B) requests to contact us; and (C) requests to forward your information to one of our affiliates. Such information may include first and last name, email address, home address, phone numbers, social security number, or other physical and digital identifiers.
Industry standards continue to evolve around “do not track” signals or configurations that you may have set in your internet browser. Because there is currently no agreed upon industry standard, we do not respond to “do not track” signals at this time. Nevertheless, you can use interactive tools presented on each of our sites to indicate your cookie preferences. If you notify us of your cookie preferences, we will not attempt to override such preferences, nor will we track your preferences other than to ensure they are followed.
Contacting Us
If you contact us, we collect Personal Information, which is retained or referred to the appropriate department for research and a response. The information we collect is not used in any other way.
2. Collection of Non-Personal Information
Even if you do not send us any Personal Information, we may collect information about how you use our site ("Non-Personal Information"). This information cannot be used to identify you personally and is explained in more detail below under "Non-Personal Information".
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file, often including an anonymous unique identifier that is sent from a web site's computer and stored on your computer's hard drive. Use of cookies is common on the Internet. A web site can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser permits a web site to access only the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites. You can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is sent. (Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.) You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. But if you refuse cookies, some parts of the Site may not function properly and may not provide services or information you have requested.
Cookie Settings
Non-Personal Information
Like many sites, we obtain Non-Personal Information such as IP (internet protocol) addresses, browser types, the name of your ISP (internet service provider), information about where a user comes from before arriving at our Site, what pages a user visits, the order of those pages, and the amount of time spent on each. A vendor performs this service for us by sending a cookie to gather this information, compile it, and report to us. We use Non-Personal Information to customize the advertising and content you see, improve our services, conduct research, and provide anonymous aggregated reporting for internal audits and third-parties.
Opting Out of Third-Party Ad Servers
If you want to prevent a third-party ad server from sending and reading cookies on your computer, currently you must visit each ad network's web site individually and opt out (if they offer this capability).
3. Use of Information
We use the Personal Information and the Non-Personal Information we collect on the Site (A) to answer your questions or address your inquiries, and (B) for analytical purposes to help us improve the Site and for our business generally.
In order to provide efficient and reliable services and to improve product and service options available to you, one or more of
Carrington
's affiliates may be given, or given access to, your Personal Information. When so sharing your Personal Information, we adhere to applicable legal and industry standards regarding the protection of personal information.
You should know that neither
Carrington
nor its affiliates will sell your Personal Information.
4. Sharing Your Information
We do not rent, sell, or share with third parties the Personal Information we collect from you on this Site except (i) to provide information or services that you have requested, (ii) with your permission, or (iii) under the following circumstances:
Third party vendors we engage to provide services on our behalf, such as hosting, web-site development, and support, have access to Personal Information, but they have agreed not to disclose the Personal Information or to use it for any purpose other than providing the requested services.
There may arise special circumstances where it is necessary for us to disclose and use Personal Information and Non-Personal Information, such as: to enforce this Privacy Policy or any other part of our
Terms of Use
; to protect our property or rights; to protect the safety of anyone; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or improper activities; to carry out a merger or consolidation with another entity, a sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, or any similar transaction; or for other reasons we determine in good faith are necessary, appropriate, or required by law, such as when we respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal or administrative process.
This Site contains links to affiliate web sites. When you click on those links, you will go to an affiliate site where you will be subject to that site's Privacy Policy and we encourage you to read that policy statement. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those other web sites and we expressly disclaim any liability for their actions, including actions relating to the use and disclosure of Personal Information by those third parties. We remind you to be aware of when you leave our Site and enter an affiliate web site and again encourage you to read the Privacy Policy on any web site that collects your Personal Information.
5. Security
Our hosting services maintain their systems in accordance with reasonable industry standards to reasonably secure the information of its customers. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. "Perfect security" does not exist on the Internet, and you use the Site at your own risk.
6. Correction/Updating Personal Information
If your Personal Information changes or if you no longer wish to use the Site, you may correct, delete or update your Personal Information by writing to us at:
Carrington Mortgage Services, LLC
P.O. Box 5001
Westfield, IN 46074
Or Fax to 1-800-486-5134
7. Children
This Site is not directed to children under the age of 13 ("Children"), and we do not knowingly collect any information, including Personal Information, from Children.
8. California Privacy Rights
Under California law, California residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship, (1) a list of the categories of personal information, such as name, address, e-mail address, and the type of services provided to the customer, that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes and (2) the names and addresses of all such third parties.
To request the above information please contact us by writing to:
Carrington Mortgage Services, LLC
P.O. Box 5001
Westfield, IN 46074
Or Fax to 1-800-486-5134
We will respond to such requests within 30 days of receipt. Please note that we are only required to respond to each customer once per calendar year.
9. Comments and Questions
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by postal mail at:
Carrington Mortgage Services, LLC
P.O. Box 5001
Westfield, IN 46074
Or Fax to 1-800-486-5134
10. International Use, Governing Law and Forum
Carrington
makes no claims that materials on the Site are appropriate or may be downloaded for use in locations outside the United States. Access to the Site from countries or territories where such access is illegal or prohibited. Those who choose to access the Site outside the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
This Privacy Policy and the resolution of any dispute related to this Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law and the venue for any disputes shall be in New York County, New York.
Return to top
Move back up
Mortgage & Lending Services
Buy a Home
Refinance a Home
Mortgage Calculators
The Loan Process
Wholesale
Correspondent
Terms
Privacy Policy
California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
State Licensing
Terms and Conditions
Best Practices
Fair Lending Statement / HMDA Notice
Consumer Fraud Alert
Equal Opportunities
Manage your mortgage
Payment Options
Mortgage Assistance
Disaster Assistance
Fee Schedule
Payoff Statements
About Us
Our Mission
Foundation
Holding Company
Accessibility
Press and Media
Contact us
Get the app
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram
Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc.
Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google LLC.
Equal Housing Lender
Consumer Access  NMLS ID #2600.
Copyright 2007-
Carrington Mortgage Services, LLC. All rights reserved.
System
No
OK