Terms & Conditions - Carter's
Skip to main content
Ends Monday: Buy 1, get 1 50% off* swim
Customer Service
Disclaimer
Customer Service Home
Accessibility & Inclusion
Business Opportunities
Contact Us
Domestic Shipping
Gifting Services
International Shipping
My Account Help
Online Ordering Assistance
Payment Options and Information
Pricing & Promotions
Privacy Policy
Product Inquiries & Availability
Returns
Sizing
Skip Hop Product Care
Store Locator
Terms & Conditions
UK Tax Strategy
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Last updated: December 19, 2023
Terms & Conditions
NOTICE REGARDING DISPUTE RESOLUTION: THESE TERMS CONTAIN PROVISIONS THAT GOVERN HOW CLAIMS YOU AND CARTER’S HAVE AGAINST EACH OTHER ARE RESOLVED (SEE “ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND WAIVER OF CERTAIN RIGHTS – LEGAL DISPUTES” SECTION BELOW), INCLUDING AN OBLIGATION TO ARBITRATE DISPUTES, WHICH WILL, SUBJECT TO LIMITED EXCEPTIONS, REQUIRE YOU TO SUBMIT CLAIMS YOU HAVE AGAINST US TO BINDING ARBITRATION.
These terms and conditions (“Terms”) contain the terms governing your use of the websites owned by Carter’s, Inc., and our subsidiaries and brands, which include Carter’s, OshKosh B’Gosh, and Skip Hop (collectively, “Carter’s,” “we,” “us” and “our”), including
www.carters.com
,
www.oshkosh.com
,
www.skiphop.com
, as well as all of your interactions with Carter’s in our stores or elsewhere (collectively, the “Site”).
Carters may make changes to these Terms at any time. If these Terms change, we will post the updated Terms on our Site. You can tell if these Terms have changed by checking the “updated” date that appears above. Any changes to the Terms are effective upon their posting to the Site. From time to time, we may present you with additional terms and conditions for specific services, programs or products ("Additional Terms"). In the event those Additional Terms may conflict with or be inconsistent with these Terms, including any arbitration provision or dispute resolution provision, these Terms will control.
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us as described in the section entitled, “How do I contact you?” below.
The prices offered on this Site and in our retail stores may differ because the Site and stores may choose to offer items at different prices or may run different promotional events at different times. For this reason, prices and promotions (e.g., promotion codes or free shipping) offered on this Site may not always apply in stores, and store prices and promotions (e.g., coupons or additional discounts) may not always apply on this Site, unless otherwise stated.
Price comparisons are made to the Manufacturer’s Suggested Retail Price ("MSRP"). MSRP is an estimate of the price at or above which these items have been offered or sold by retailers in the trade area, which may not include Carter’s, OshKosh B’gosh, and Skip Hop. Actual sales may not have been made at MSRP in all trade areas, and the MSRP price may not represent the average or prevailing market price at any particular time. Given the national scale of our offerings, our products may not be sold at MSRP in all locations. Because the MSRP may vary from retail prices in your area, you may want to make a comparison for yourself by checking the prices of other internet or local retailers prior to making a purchase. Percentage reductions are off of MSRP, except where noted.
Ownership
Carter’s owns the Site. Carter’s owns or has rights to all of the wallpaper, icons, characters, artwork, images, graphics, music, text, software and other content of the Site (the “Content”), and all HTML, CGI and other code and scripts in any format used to implement the Site (the “Code”). The Content and Code of the Site are protected by copyright. Except as set forth in these Terms, you may not copy, modify, upload, download, transmit, re-publish, display for redistribution to third parties for commercial purposes, or otherwise distribute any Code or Content from the Site without the prior written agreement of Carter’s. You may not use the Content or Code from the Site for any purpose other than those set forth above. Carter’s owns or has the right to use all names, logos and trademarks which appear on the Site. You may not use any of these for any purpose without the prior express written permission of Carter’s. Your failure to comply with in these Terms will constitute breach of contract and will violate Carter’s or a third party’s copyright, trademark, and other proprietary and industrial property rights.
No License
The Site is available only for your personal, non-commercial use, which shall be limited to viewing the Site, providing information to the Site, ordering products, and downloading product information for your personal review. Except as expressly provided in these Terms, nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right under any patent, trademark, copyright, or other proprietary or industrial right of Carter’s or any third party.
Use of Information Submitted by You
f you respond to Carter’s with any information, including but not limited to feedback, data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like, such information will not be deemed confidential. All such submissions will be deemed the property of Carter’s, and your submission of information will constitute an assignment to Carter’s of all worldwide rights, titles, and interests in such information. Carter’s will not be liable for any use or disclosure of such information. Carter’s will not have any obligation to keep such information confidential and will be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute the information to others without limitation. Carter’s will be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such information for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing, and marketing products that incorporate or otherwise rely upon such information, without any compensation or attribution to you.
Carter’s welcomes your comments and suggestions on the Site and on Carter’s products, but it does not seek to solicit any confidential or proprietary ideas, suggestions, materials or other information relating to developing, designing, manufacturing or marketing its products. By submitting information, you warrant that Carter’s may publish such information, use it as part of its operations, and incorporate its concepts in Carter’s products without liability.
If you choose to share certain content on our Site, such as pictures, Carter’s will receive information about you and you will be bound by our “
User-Generated Content Legal Terms Of Use,” which can be found here
. As such, we encourage you to review these provisions whenever you share content on our Site.
Users & Accounts
To use certain online services, such as our Carter's Rewards® loyalty program, you may need to create an account. If you create an account, you agree you will: (a) create only one account; (b) provide honest, accurate, current and complete information regarding yourself; (c) keep your information updated and accurate; (d) keep your account password private and not share it with others; and (e) notify Carter’s if you discover or suspect that your account has been hacked or its security breached.
You agree to take responsibility for all activities on or under any account registered to you and you accept all risks for any unauthorized use of your account. You are responsible for providing the equipment and services that you need to access and use the Site. We do not guarantee that the Site will be accessible on any particular equipment or device or with any particular software or service plan.
We reserve the right, without notice and in our sole discretion at any time, to terminate your right to access and use the Site or any component of them and to block or prevent future access to and use of the Site and to delete your account and any related information. Any obligation or liability incurred prior to our termination of your access to the Site will survive such termination.
Browsing Session Information
We use technologies that maintain records of your browsing sessions, chats, and other activities on our Site. These technologies may include session replay that maintains a record of your interactions with our Site, chat providers that maintain a transcript of your chats, cookies, pixels, and other tracking technologies that share some of your interactions with our Site, as well as other technologies that collect and share your interactions with our Site. We use this information for quality control, customer service, fraud prevention and security, and marketing purposes and in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Privacy
Our privacy policy, which can be found
here
, describes the data that we gather about or from users of the Site and how we process, use and share that data. Be sure to read it to understand these matters.
Responsible Use of Site
You may use the Site for your personal and lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms. No other use is permitted. Without limiting the foregoing, you may not use the Site: (a) for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms; (b) to cause harm or damage to any person or entity; (c) to interfere with the proper operation of the Site; or (d) to upload, post or transmit any material that violates any law, infringes on the rights of any third party or contains defamatory, libelous, abusive, obscene or otherwise objectionable material (as determined by Carter’s in its sole discretion). Further, we expressly prohibit: (y) any downloading, copying, or other use of the Site for the benefit of any third party; and (z) any use of data mining, robots, data gathering and extraction tools whether automatic or manual, or other means not purposely made available by us, including to develop or improve any software program, algorithm, or machine learning or artificial intelligence model.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AGREE TO DEFEND, INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS CARTER’S AND ITS PARENTS, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, FRANCHISEES, AGENTS, LICENSORS, BUSINESS ASSOCIATES, AND SUPPLIERS FROM AND AGAINST ANY ACTUAL OR THREATENED CLAIMS, ACTIONS OR DEMANDS, LIABILITIES AND SETTLEMENTS (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, REASONABLE LEGAL AND ACCOUNTING FEES) RESULTING (OR ALLEGED TO RESULT) FROM YOUR USE OF THE SITE IN ANY MANNER THAT VIOLATES OR IS ALLEGED TO VIOLATE APPLICABLE LAW OR THESE TERMS.
Provision or Suspension/Withdrawal of the Site
You understand and agree that: (a) the Site may change from time to time without notice to you and that any new feature that augments, enhances, or modifies the current Site is subject to these Terms ; (b) we may decline to provide access to the Site or stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the Site (or any feature, program or content within the Site) to you or other users at our sole discretion, without notice or liability to you; and (c) if we disable access to your account, you may be prevented from accessing the Site, your account details, or any files or other content which are contained in your account.
Mobile Access
If you use a mobile device to access the Site, you acknowledge and agree that: (a) you are solely responsible for all message and data charges that apply to use of your mobile device to access the Site or any related services; and (b) all such charges are billed by and payable to your mobile service provider. Please contact your participating mobile service provider for pricing plans, participation status and details. You further understand that service may not be available in all areas at all times and may be affected by product, software, coverage or service changes made by your mobile service provider or otherwise. Additional provisions may apply to your use of our mobile applications based on the type of mobile device that you use.
Disclaimers
Carter’s publishes information on the Site as a convenience to its visitors. Carter’s product information is provided for informational purposes only. While Carter’s attempts to provide accurate and timely information, there may be inadvertent technical or factual inaccuracies and typographical errors. We reserve the right to make corrections and changes to the Site at any time without notice. The Carter’s products described in the Site may not be available in your region. Carter’s does not claim that the information in the Site is appropriate to your jurisdiction or that the products described in the Site will be available for purchase in all jurisdictions.
Visitors assume all responsibility and risk with respect to their use of the Site. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Carter’s disclaims all warranties, representations and endorsements, express or implied, with regard to information accessed from or via the Site, including but not limited to all express and implied warranties, such as warranty of title, merchantability, non-infringement and fitness for a particular purpose. Carter’s does not warrant that the Site is free of computer viruses, bugs or other harmful components. Carter’s does not warrant that the functions contained in the material will be interrupted or error-free or that errors will be detected or corrected. Carter’s does not assume any liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, reliability or usefulness of the information disclosed or accessed through the Site. Carter’s does not have any duty to update the Site or modify its Content or Code, and Carter’s shall not be liable for its failure to update such information. It is your responsibility to verify any information contained in the Site before relying upon it.
IN NO EVENT SHALL CARTER’S BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, OR FOR THE COST OF OBTAINING SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS, OR ANY OTHER TYPE OF DAMAGE, TANGIBLE OR INTANGIBLE IN NATURE, HOWEVER CAUSED, WHETHER IN AN ACTION UNDER THEORIES OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE INFORMATION ON, OR ACCESSED THROUGH, THE SITE.
Carter’s reserves the right to withdraw access to the Site and revise the services and products described in the Site at any time without notice.
Entire Agreement/Waiver
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Carter's with respect to the use of this Site. The failure of Carter's to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms, which shall remain in full force and effect.
Arbitration Agreement – Legal Disputes
Informal Dispute Resolution.
We try to address any disputes without the need to initiate a formal legal case. You agree that prior to submitting any dispute or claim to arbitration for resolution, you and we agree to make a good faith effort to resolve it informally, including having at least one telephone or videoconference conversation between you, personally, and us. To initiate this good faith effort to informally resolve a dispute, you agree to notify us in writing at The William Carter Company, ATTN: Legal Department, 3438 Peachtree Road NE, Suite 1800, Atlanta GA 30326 of the nature of the dispute, the basis for your claims and the resolution that you are seeking, including any monetary amount, with as much detail as you can provide so that we can gain a sufficient understanding of the dispute. Within the sixty (60) days following our receipt of this notice, you agree to engage in good faith efforts to resolve the dispute, including personally participating in a telephone call or videoconference with us. You may have a lawyer attend the call with you if you wish. If the dispute is not resolved within that sixty (60) days (which period can be extended by agreement of the parties), you or we may commence an arbitration to resolve the dispute consistent with the process set forth below. Compliance with and completing this informal dispute resolution process is a condition precedent to commencing an arbitration. You and we agree to toll any applicable statute of limitations and filing fee deadlines while the parties engage in this informal dispute resolution process from the date we receive your notice to the date an arbitration is commenced or the conclusion of the 60-day period described above, whichever is sooner. A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce this condition precedent to arbitration, which includes the power to enjoin the filing or prosecution of a demand for arbitration.
Arbitration Agreement & Waiver of Certain Rights.
You and we agree that, except as set forth below, we will resolve any controversies, claims, counterclaims, or other disputes between you and Carter’s or you and a third-party agent of Carter’s (a “Claim) through binding and final arbitration instead of through court proceedings, in accordance with the Consumer Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA Rules”). This arbitration agreement applies to any existing or future Claims that you have not individually filed in a court of law or in arbitration prior to the date you agreed to these Terms. The AAA Rules are available at
www.adr.org
or by calling 1-800-778-7879. You and we hereby waive any right to a jury trial of any Claim. The arbitration will be heard and determined by a single arbitrator. The arbitrator's decision in any such arbitration will be final and binding upon the parties and may be enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction. You and we agree that the arbitration will be kept confidential and that the existence of the proceeding and any element of it (including, without limitation, any pleadings, briefs or other documents submitted or exchanged and any testimony or other oral submissions and awards) will not be disclosed beyond the arbitration proceedings, except as may lawfully be required in judicial proceedings relating to the arbitration, by applicable disclosure rules and regulations of securities regulatory authorities or other governmental agencies, or as specifically permitted by state law.
The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement. A court of competent jurisdiction has exclusive authority to determine the existence, scope, and validity of the arbitration agreement and the arbitrability of any claim or counterclaim, including, without limitation, whether any conditions precedent to the commencement of an arbitration have been completely satisfied and any objections with respect to any of the foregoing.
To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send us an individual letter signed by you requesting arbitration and describing your claim at Carter’s, Inc., 3438 Peachtree Road NE, Suite 1800, Atlanta, Georgia 30326, Attention: Legal Department. This letter must be sent at least five (5) days before you initiate an arbitration proceeding against us. Any party to the arbitration may, at any time more than ten (10) days before arbitration, serve an offer of compromise in writing upon any other party to the action. Offers of compromise pursuant to these Terms will be adjudicated and interpreted in accordance with California Code of Civil Procedure section 998.
If you demonstrate that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation, we will pay as much of the administrative costs and arbitrator's fees required for the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the cost of the arbitration from being prohibitive. In the final award, the arbitrator may apportion the costs of arbitration and the compensation of the arbitrator among the parties in such amounts as the arbitrator deems appropriate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if your attorney is paying the administrative costs, filings fees, arbitrator fees, and other associated arbitral costs on your behalf, and your attorneys' may recover all or a portion of those fees only if you obtain an award in the arbitration, your attorney must evenly split all costs with us initially. In the final award, the arbitrator may apportion the costs of arbitration and the compensation of the arbitrator among the parties in such amounts as the arbitrator deems appropriate.
This arbitration agreement does not preclude either party from seeking action by federal, state, or local government agencies. You and we also have the right to bring qualifying claims in small claims court or transfer qualifying claims to small claims court. Either party may elect that a Claim be filed exclusively in a small claims court of competent jurisdiction by providing notice to the other party. In the event a Claim has already been filed in arbitration, the party who has filed that Claim will, within ten (10) days of receiving such a notice, withdraw their Claim from arbitration. The parties will then proceed with the Claim exclusively in small claims court. A party may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction to enforce the terms of this paragraph.
In addition, you and we retain the right to apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for provisional relief, including pre-arbitral attachments or preliminary injunctions. Any such request shall not be deemed incompatible with these Terms, nor a waiver of the right to have disputes submitted to arbitration as provided in these Terms.
Neither you nor Carter’s may act as a class representative or private attorney general, nor participate as a member of a class of claimants, with respect to any Claim. You may not bring Claims in arbitration on a class or representative basis. The arbitrator can decide only your and/or Carter’s individual Claims. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration you and Carter’s each waive any right to a jury trial. The arbitrator may award in the arbitration the same damages or other relief available under applicable law, including injunctive and declaratory relief, as if the action were brought in court on an individual basis. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing or herein, the arbitrator may not issue a “public injunction” and any such “public injunction” may be awarded only by a federal or state court. If either party seeks a “public injunction,” all other claims and prayers for relief must be adjudicated in arbitration first and any prayer or claim for a “public injunction” in federal or state court stayed until the arbitration is completed, after which the federal or state court can adjudicate the party’s claim or prayer for “public injunctive relief.” In doing so, the federal or state court is bound under principles of claim or issue preclusion by the decision of the arbitrator.
If any provision of this Section is found to be invalid or unenforceable, then that specific provision shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed, but the remainder of this Section shall continue in full force and effect. No waiver of any provision of this Section of the Terms will be effective or enforceable unless recorded in a writing signed by the party waiving such a right or requirement. Such a waiver shall not waive or affect any other portion of these Terms. This Section of the Terms will survive the termination of your relationship with us.
HIS SECTION LIMITS CERTAIN RIGHTS, INCLUDING THE RIGHT TO MAINTAIN A COURT ACTION, THE RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL, THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY FORM OF CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE CLAIM, THE RIGHT TO ENGAGE IN DISCOVERY EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN AAA RULES, AND THE RIGHT TO CERTAIN REMEDIES AND FORMS OF RELIEF. OTHER RIGHTS THAT YOU OR CARTER’S WOULD HAVE IN COURT ALSO MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN ARBITRATION.
Mass Arbitration Process Requirements
If twenty-five (25) or more similar claims are asserted against Carter’s at or around the same time by the same or coordinated counsel or are otherwise coordinated (and your Claim is one such claim), you understand and agree that the resolution of your Claim might be delayed. You also agree to the following process and application of the AAA Multiple Consumer Case Filing Fee Schedule and Supplementary Rules. Twenty (20) claims shall be selected to proceed to individual arbitration proceedings as part of a first batching process, ten (10) of which will be selected by the claimants and ten (10) of which will be selected by Carter’s. The remaining claims shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any AAA fees be assessed in connection with those claims until they are selected to proceed to individual arbitration proceedings as part of the staged process described herein. If the parties are unable to resolve the remaining claims after the conclusion of the initial twenty (20) proceedings, the parties shall participate in a global mediation session before a retired state or federal court judge, for which Carter’s will pay the mediator's fee. If the parties are unable to resolve the remaining claims through mediation at this time, then forty (40) claims shall be selected to proceed to individual arbitration proceedings as part of a second batching process, twenty (20) of which will be selected by the claimants and twenty (20) of which will be selected by Carter’s. (If there are fewer than forty (40) claims remaining, all shall proceed.) The remaining claims shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any AAA fees be assessed in connection with those claims until they are selected to proceed to individual arbitration proceedings as part of the staged process described herein. In any batching process, a single arbitrator shall preside over each proceeding, and only one proceeding may be assigned to each arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise. If the parties are unable to resolve the remaining claims after the conclusion of the forty (40) proceedings, the parties shall participate in another global mediation session before a retired state or federal court judge, for which Carter’s will pay the mediator's fee. If the parties are unable to resolve the remaining claims in mediation at this time, this staged process shall continue with no more than one hundred (100) claims proceeding at any time in a staged order that is selected randomly or by the AAA, until all the coordinated claims, including your Claim, are adjudicated or otherwise resolved. At any time during these proceedings, we agree to participate in a global mediation session should your counsel request it in an effort to resolve all remaining claims. Any applicable statute of limitations on your Claims and filing fee deadlines shall be tolled for claims subject to this section regarding "Mass Arbitration Process Requirements" from the time claims are selected for the first set of batching proceedings until the time your Claim is selected to proceed in arbitration, withdrawn, or otherwise resolved. A court of competent jurisdiction shall have authority to enforce this section regarding “Mass Arbitration Process Requirements” and, if necessary, to enjoin the filing or prosecution of arbitration demands against Carter’s. Should a court of competent jurisdiction decline to enforce these “Mass Arbitration Process Requirements,” you and we agree that your and our counsel shall engage in good faith and with the assistance of a Process Arbitrator to devise and implement procedures that ensure that arbitration remains efficient and cost-effective for all parties. Either party may engage with the AAA to address reductions in arbitration fees.
Other provisions
To the extent any action relating to the use of the Site or any transaction with Carter’s is not required to be arbitrated or filed in small claims court in accordance with the Arbitration Agreement, such action must be brought in the state or federal courts located in the County of Fulton, Georgia. You consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of any such action.
Except as otherwise described in these Terms, these Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia, without giving effect to any conflict of laws rules or provisions.
Under no circumstances will we be held liable for any delay or failure in performance due in whole or in part to any acts of nature or other causes beyond our reasonable control.
If any provision of these Terms is found to be unlawful or unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from these Terms and will not affect the enforceability of any other provisions.
The failure by us to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not prevent us from enforcing such right or provision in the future.
We may assign our rights and obligations under these Terms, including in connection with a merger, acquisition, sale of assets or equity, or by operation of law.
How do I contact you?
For questions about our privacy policy, to make choices about receiving promotional communications, or to update your personal information you can contact us by postal mail, telephone or email as follows: Carter’s Consumer Affairs, 3438 Peachtree Road NE, Suite 1800, Atlanta, Georgia 30326; 888-782-9548;
[email protected]
.
Contact Us
Email Us
Contact a representative
Email
Call Us
Mon - Fri 8:00AM - 9:00PM ET
Call Now
Find a Store
Store Locator
Give feedback
Tell us what you think
Carter's® app
Download the app
Carter's® Credit Card
Get exclusive perks
Help
Customer Service
Track order
Accessibility Support
Shipping
Returns
Contact Us
Quick Links
All Store Locations
My Account
Gift Cards
Size Chart
Today's Deals
Carter's® Credit Card
Carter's Rewards™
Investor Relations
About Us
Carter's Inc.
Crib Notes Blog
International
Join Carter's Affiliate Program
Careers
Raise the Future
Carter's by DaVinci
Product Registration
Our Brands
Get In Touch
© 2026 Carter’s, Inc. All rights reserved.
Google Ad Price Policy
Terms and conditions
Privacy Statements
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Accessibility
Coupon Policy
Product Recalls
UK Tax Strategy
Site Map
Shop by Interest
*EXCLUSIONS & DISCLAIMERS:
*UP TO 40% OFF: Savings based on MSRP or original ticketed price. Select Styles. Other exclusions may apply.
BUY 1, GET 1 50% OFF SWIM: First item at MSRP or original ticketed price. Additional items of equal or lesser value. Excludes select styles and clearance. Discount reflected in cart online.
⁹Cannot be combined with other coupons. Offer will not be re-issued if lost, stolen or destroyed or with return/refund of merchandise. The entire transaction amount after discount must be placed on the Carter’s® Credit Card. Not valid on gift cards, gift services, applicable taxes, shipping and handling charges, previous purchases or redeemable for cash. Discount will be applied as a percentage or dollar off each item in transaction. You will receive the price paid (after discounts) on all returns or exchanges. The value of the discount will not be refunded on returns or exchanges. Employees not eligible. We reserve the right to modify or discontinue this offer at any time without notice. Void where prohibited.
Credit card offers are subject to credit approval. Carter’s® Credit Card Accounts are issued by Comenity Capital Bank.
Composable v26.4.0