Terms of Sale | CASIO
Skip to content
Free shipping on orders over $99
TERMS OF SALE
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE CAREFULLY BEFORE PURCHASING OR ORDERING ANY PRODUCTS
This document sets forth the terms and conditions (the “Terms”) between you (“you” or “Buyer”) and Casio America Inc. (“Casio” or “Seller”) for the purchase and sale of any of the products marketed or offered for sale on
www.casio.com
or
gshock.casio.com
(collectively, the “Site”), as well as your redemption of points for merchandise earned through the G-SHOCK Points Program (“Points”).
Your placement of an order is construed as an offer to purchase one or more products, and indicates your agreement to these Terms. Casio’s acceptance of your offer to purchase products is expressly made conditional upon your agreement to these Terms. Any terms proposed by you that add to, vary from, or conflict with these Terms are hereby objected to and shall be void. Casio reserves the right to make changes to the Site and these Terms at any time. Your individual orders and purchases will be governed by the Terms that were posted on this page as of date you placed your order. However, we may change these Terms from time to time, and when we do, we will post them on the Site. It is your responsibility to review the Terms each time you place an order with us. If you do not agree to these Terms, do not order or purchase products on the Site.
1.
Privacy Policy
.
Our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into these Terms by reference, governs your submission and our use of personal information. By submitting your personal information to us in connection with your order, you consent to us processing (either directly or through third-party service providers) your information to fulfill your order and in accordance with
our Privacy Policy
.
2.
Your Obligations and Representations
.
The Site is not targeted or aimed at children under age 16. By placing an order, you represent that you have the legal capacity to contract in the state or country of your residence or you are at least age 16 and have your parent’s or legal guardian’s permission to place an order. If you are placing an order on behalf of a third party, you represent that you have the authority to act on that party’s behalf and your acceptance of these Terms constitutes that third party’s acceptance.
You represent that you will comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including export and import regulations.
You agree that you are not ordering or purchasing the products or services for export, re-sale, transfer, or use in violation of any applicable laws, including without limitation U.S. Export Administration Regulations or applicable U.S. sanctions and embargoes administered by the U.S. Treasury Department. You further agree that you will not use them for any illegal or unauthorized use. You agree that the information you provide in connection with your order, including your physical address, email address, and payment information, is complete and accurate. You represent that you are authorized to charge and initiate a payment via the payment method you designate for your purchase.
3.
Copyright Infringement
.
We respect the intellectual property of others. If you believe any materials posted or accessible on the Site infringes your copyright, you may request removal of those materials from the Site by sending written notice to our copyright agent at:
legal@casio.com
.
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512) (DMCA), the written notice must include substantially the following:
your physical or electronic signature;
identification of the copyrighted work you believe to have been infringed;
identification of the material on our Services that you believe is infringing the copyright in a sufficiently precise manner to allow us to locate the material;
your contact information including your name, mailing address, telephone number and, if available, email address;
a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law;
a statement that the information in the notice is accurate; and
a statement, under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
If you do not comply with all of these requirements, your notice may not be effective. If you knowingly misrepresent that materials on the Site infringe a copyright, you may be held liable for damages, including costs and attorney’s fees under Section 512(f) of the DMCA.
4.
Placing an Order
.
When we offer products and services for sale on the Site, we are inviting you to make an offer to buy the products and services shown. When you place an order on the Site, you are making us a legally binding offer to buy the products and services you selected on these Terms. Any system-generated order confirmation we send when you complete your order is an acknowledgement of your offer only and is not an acceptance of your offer, which is subject to correction before shipment of your physical products or our provision of any services or non-physical products.
We accept your offer only when we have received approval by your chosen payment method and when we have shipped your product or otherwise made it available to you. Order submission does not guarantee Casio will be able to fulfill the order. We may reject your order without liability if we are unable to process or fulfill it. If your order is canceled or rejected, we will refund any prior payment that you have made for that item.
Similarly, when you redeem your Points for a product, you are agreeing to receipt of the product on these Terms and in accordance with the terms governing the G-SHOCK Points Program. Submitting a redemption order does not guarantee Casio will be able to fulfill the order. Please see the
G-SHOCK Points Program terms
for more information.
By placing an order, you are consenting to our use of electronic communications related to your transaction and the electronic delivery of notices, policies, and records of the transaction.
You agree that we may keep pertinent contract records, including communications and acknowledgements, as permitted by law.
5.
Price and Delivery
.
Casio online shopping, products, and prices are offered to United States residents only. Price and delivery terms are FOB Casio shipping origin. Upon Casio’s delivery of the products to the carrier at the FOB point, title and risk of loss and damage to the products shall pass to you. All prices are subject to change without notice. Casio reserves the right to make adjustments to the price of all products due to changing market conditions, product discontinuation, manufacturer price changes, errors in advertisements, and other extenuating circumstances. Prices for particular purchases will be those in effect at the time of shipment. Casio may make delivery in installments and receive payments for each installment. All delivery dates are estimated. CASIO SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR OTHER DAMAGES FOR CASIO’S FAILURE TO FILL, OR DELAY OR ERROR IN FILLING ANY ORDER, OR FOR ANY DELAY IN DELIVERY.
6.
Shipping Information
.
Casio ships products within the continental United States, Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico. All orders require one (1) to two (2) days of processing time. For more information, please refer to the details for selecting shipping at checkout. Please note that a signature is required upon receipt of any shipment totaling over $700.00.
7.
Payment and Taxes
.
Casio utilizes Block, Inc. (doing business as Square) to process payments on the Site. Purchases can be made using American Express, Discover/Novus, MasterCard, Visa, and JCB credit or debit cards, as well as Apple Pay and Google Pay. Cards not issued by a United States banking institution will not be accepted. For more information on payment methods accepted by Block/Square, please
visit its website here
. For your protection, we always verify that your information is correct. Therefore, we cannot accept credit cards from banks that do not allow address verification over the Internet. Please refer to your cardholder agreement for all rules and regulations pertaining to your card. Payment will be debited from your account immediately following notice of the dispatch of your purchase. You confirm that the credit/debit card that is being used is yours. We use third-party service providers to process and authorize your payment. By placing an order, you are authorizing us and our third-party service provider(s) to charge you for your purchase using your selected payment method. Casio will take all reasonable care to keep the details of your order and payment secure, but in the absence of gross negligence by Casio, Casio will not be held liable for any loss you may suffer if a third party procures unauthorized access to any data you provide when accessing or ordering from the Site.
The price that is shown in the shopping cart is the amount you will be charged before applicable sales tax and shipping charges, which will be added to your order total. State laws require companies to collect sales tax from residents shipping merchandise to states where the company transacts business. Casio collects state and local sales tax where applicable. Where applicable, Buyer will provide Casio with an exemption certificate in form and substance satisfactory to the relevant taxing authorities. If you are tax exempt, please call 1-800-836-8580 to place your order. A copy of your Consumer Certificate of Exemption needs to be faxed to Casio at 973-537-8934.
8.
Additional Terms
.
Prior to completing your purchase, carefully read any additional terms and conditions that are presented to you. Do not complete the sale if you do not agree to those terms. Where additional terms are delivered with your product or service, you must review them immediately. If you do not agree to those terms, you must not use the product or service and contact customer service to begin a return.
9.
Return Policy
.
Casio products that you purchase come with a 30-Day Money Back Guarantee. If, for any reason, you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, you may return the product within thirty (30) calendar days from the delivery date to Casio and obtain a full refund of the original purchase price of the merchandise, excluding shipping and handling charges. This 30-Day Money Back Guarantee does
not
apply to any products you receive from redeeming your Points; all Points redemptions are final and there are no returns except in accordance with the
terms of the G-SHOCK Points Program
.
Before returning a product you purchased, you must first obtain a return merchandise authorization (“RMA”) number from Casio. Buyer may then return the product, freight or postage prepaid, in its original shipping container, with the RMA clearly marked on the outside of the packaging. Buyer shall enclose all accessories that came with the product, such as documentation and cables. Buyer shall bear the risk of loss or damage to the product during such shipment. Returns and replacements are also subject to the following terms: (1) Shipping and handling charges are not refundable; (2) You are responsible for all freight charges involved in returning and replacing items; (3) Certain items, including, but not limited to, all opened software, special order items, and items specifically noted with ‘NO RETURNS’, cannot be returned; and (4) Non-defective returns and refused shipments are subject to a 5% restocking charge.
Please note that if your order includes a free gift with purchase, any return of the purchased product(s) must also include return of the free gift item at the same time. No return or refund will be accepted or processed unless it includes the free gift item as well as the purchased product(s) being returned.
10.
Warranty
.
Each product is subject to the terms of the limited warranty that is expressly stated on, packaged with, or accompanies the product. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable product limited warranty, the product ordered online is eligible for warranty service only within the United States. For the warranty applicable to a specific product, please visit Customer Support on the Site, click on “Warranty” and then click on the specific product for additional warranty and support information. NO WARRANTIES ARE PROVIDED HEREIN IN ADDITION TO ANY WARRANTIES THAT MAY APPLY TO A PARTICULAR PRODUCT, AND UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN A WARRANTY FOR A PARTICULAR PRODUCT, ALL PRODUCTS ARE SOLD “AS IS” WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
11.
DISCLAIMER
.
IN NO EVENT SHALL CASIO BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF INFORMATION) ARISING OUT OF ANY DEFECT OR FAILURE OF THE PRODUCTS, BREACH OF ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTY, BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT PRODUCT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF CASIO HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS PROHIBIT THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, in no event shall Casio’s total liability relating to or in connection with any products whether based on contract, warranty, tort (including negligence), strict product liability or otherwise, exceed the actual amount paid to Casio by Buyer for the product(s) giving rise to the liability. In no event shall Casio be liable for the costs of procurement of substitute good or services.
12.
Exclusive Remedy
.
In the event that a Casio product ordered under these Terms fails to perform as warranted, Buyer’s exclusive remedy, and Casio’s sole liability therefore, shall be, at Casio’s option, the repair or replacement of any defective product or return of the purchase price. A product repaired or replaced under warranty will be further warranted only for the remainder of the warranty period. Repair parts and replacement products will be either reconditioned or new. If a product is found not to be defective or the defect is not covered by the warranty, Buyer will be responsible for the reasonable and necessary costs of Casio testing and repair at then current rates. Casio accepts no liability with respect to any software or data contained in any product or part returned to Casio for repair or replacement. Buyer agrees that the disclaimers and liability limitations contained in these Terms shall remain in effect even if an exclusive remedy is determined to fail of its essential purpose.
13.
Indemnification
.
To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, you agree to indemnify and hold Casio, its affiliates and subsidiaries, and each of our officers, employees, agents, partners, content providers, service providers, suppliers, and licensors (collectively “Released Parties”) harmless from any and all claims, liabilities, costs, losses, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising from (1) your purchase of products and services made available through the Site; and (2) your fraudulent or deceptive acts or omissions, or breach or violation of law, including infringement of any intellectual property rights or breach of these Terms.
14.
Mandatory Arbitration Provision
.
PLEASE READ – THIS SECTION AFFECTS YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS. We hope that you are completely satisfied with your Casio product or service. We will make every reasonable effort to resolve any disagreements that you have with us. However, if we are unable to resolve any dispute that arises in connection with your transaction, the Site, or these Terms to your satisfaction, these Terms govern the dispute resolution process. Any disputes relating to the G-SHOCK Points Program are governed by the dispute resolution provisions in the
G-SHOCK Points Program Terms and Conditions
.
Any claim, dispute, or controversy you may have against us arising out of, relating to, or connected with the Site or your transaction shall be resolved exclusively by binding arbitration by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) and conducted before a single arbitrator pursuant to the applicable Rules and Procedures established by the AAA, including the AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes (as applicable) and as amended by these Terms (“Arbitration Rules and Procedures”).
The AAA’s Rules, and a form for initiating arbitration proceedings, are available at the AAA’s website located at
https://www.adr.org
.
This section applies to all consumers to the fullest extent allowable by law. The disputes governed by this Section include without limitation (1) claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between you and us; (2) claims that arose out of your use of the Site; and (3) claims currently the subject of a purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class.
However, the dispute resolution procedure specifically does not apply to (1) a claim relating to the enforcement or validity of your or our intellectual property rights; or (2) a claim relating to an allegation of theft, piracy, or unauthorized use.
You agree that: (1) the arbitrator shall apply New Jersey law consistent with the Federal Arbitration Act and applicable statutes of limitations, including principles of equity, and shall honor claims of privilege recognized by law; (2) the arbitrator shall not be bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving us, but is bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving both you and us to the extent required by applicable law; (3) in the event that you are able to demonstrate that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation, we will pay as much of your filing and hearing fees in connection with the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive.
You and Casio agree that (1) each party can only bring claims against the other on an individual basis and there shall be no authority for any claims to be arbitrated on a class or representative basis; (2) arbitration can decide only your and/or Casio’s individual claims, and the arbitrator may award relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief necessitated by that party’s individual claim(s); and (3) the arbitrator may not consolidate or join claims of other persons or parties who may be similarly situated and may not otherwise preside of any form of a consolidated, representative, or class proceeding.
Except as specified in the paragraph immediately above, if any part of this Arbitration Provision is deemed to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal, or otherwise conflicts with the Arbitration Rules and Procedures established by the AAA, then remaining provisions of the Arbitration Provision will not be affected and will be enforced to the fullest extent of the law.
YOU AND CASIO BOTH AGREE TO WAIVE ANY RIGHTS YOU AND WE HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL FOR ALL CLAIMS THAT ARE SUBJECT TO THIS MANDATORY ARBITRATION PROVISION.
15.
General
.
a. Notices. Except as otherwise provided herein, all notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing or displayed electronically on the Site by Casio. Notices shall be deemed to have been properly given: (1) on the date deposited for postal mail; (2) on the date first made available, if displayed on the Site; or (3) on the date received, if delivered in any other manner. Notices to you may be sent to any of the addresses provided by you on any form on the Site. Except as expressly directed otherwise by Casio herein or elsewhere on the Site, notices to Casio should be sent to: Casio America, Inc., Attention: Legal Department, 570 Mt. Pleasant Avenue, Dover, NJ, USA.
b. Force Majeure. Seller shall not be liable for any delay in performance directly or indirectly caused by or resulting from acts of nature, fire, flood, accident, riot, war, government intervention, embargoes, strikes, labor difficulties, equipment failure, late deliveries by suppliers or other difficulties which are beyond the control, and without the fault of Seller. Quantities are subject to availability. In the event of production difficulties or product shortages, Seller may allocate sales and deliveries at its sole discretion.
c. Substitutions and Modifications. Seller reserves the right to substitute or change materials, parts, product specifications or functional attributes at any time without notice. Seller also reserves the right to ship product in multiple boxes and/or shipments.
d. User Rights to Software. Any software included with the product is protected by copyright law and/or international treaty provisions. Rights relating to a particular software program are listed in the license agreement document provided by the owner(s) of the software that is included with the product.
e. United States Government License Rights. United States Government license rights in the product(s) are limited to those mandatory rights identified in DFARS 252.227-7015 (b).
f. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Costs. These Terms are governed by the laws of the State of New Jersey, without regard to its conflict or choice of law provisions. Buyer acknowledges and agrees that New Jersey is an appropriate place for venue of any litigation and that New Jersey courts have jurisdiction over this agreement and Buyer. In the event the Buyer and Seller are unable to resolve any dispute, and any collection action, suit or other judicial proceeding is commenced, the prevailing party in any such collection action, suit or judicial proceeding shall be entitled to recover its costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred.
g. Assignment. Buyer may not assign its rights or obligations hereunder without the express prior written consent of Seller.
h. Entire Agreement. These Terms constitute the entire agreement with regard to purchases on the Site and expressly supersede and replace any prior or contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral, relating to said purchases, including any terms and conditions on any of Buyer’s documents or purchase orders. This agreement shall be binding upon the heirs, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.
i. No Waiver. The failure of Casio to enforce any provision hereof shall not constitute or be construed as a waiver of such provision or of the right to enforce it at a later time.
j.  Severability. If any provision hereof is adjudged to be invalid, void, or unenforceable, the parties agree that the remaining provisions hereof will not be affected thereby, that the provision in question may be replaced by the lawful provision that most nearly embodies the original intention of the parties, and that these Terms for the Site will in any event remain valid and enforceable.
Copyright © 2003-2023 CASIO AMERICA, INC. All rights reserved. CASIO AMERICA, INC., 570 Mt. Pleasant Avenue, Dover, NJ, USA.
Products
Watches
Digital Pianos & Portable Keyboards
Calculators
Moflin
CASIO LAB
Support
Customer Support
Manuals
Product Registration
Daylight Savings Time
Military Discount
Corporate
Corporate Site
Careers
Your Privacy Choices
Privacy Policy
ADA Compliance
Terms of Sale
Return Policy
Sitemap
Select Country (United States)
© 2026 CASIO AMERICA, INC.
Select a location
View all available locations
閉じる