Privacy Statement
Overview
City Colleges of Chicago respects your online privacy. This privacy statement outlines the information the CCC website may collect and how we may use that information.

Definition
The City Colleges of Chicago website is defined as publicly accessible pages hosted under the www.ccc.edu domain and subdomains.

The ccc.edu domain and subdomains may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that City Colleges is not responsible for the content and privacy practices of those sites.

We will not collect any personally identifiable information about you, such as your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address ("personal data") through our site unless you have provided it to us voluntarily. If you do not want your personal data collected, please do not submit it to us.

Disclosure of Your Information
You must opt in and consent to receive information from City Colleges of Chicago. If you choose to submit your personal information via a web form or other method,

CCC may disclose personal data to:

Recruiters and admissions personnel across City Colleges;
Contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our operations who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them;
Personalize the content you see on the website, including content about programs, funding opportunities, registration reminders, and other marketing related messages; and
For any other purpose we disclose when you provide the information.
Cookies (Information Stored on Your Computer)
City Colleges uses cookies and similar technologies to recognize you when you visit ccc.edu and ccc.edu subdomains.  

Cookie Policy​
City Colleges collects information actively provided by users of our website. We may also collect information about the computers, mobile devices, or other devices you use to access CCC websites and technology network, such as IP address, unique device identifiers, browser types, browser languages, web pages visited, referring web pages, date, time, and duration of activity and other information available in Google Analytics. 

What is a cookie? 
Cookies are small files that are stored on your computing devices. We use cookies to collect data to understand and save your preferences for future visits and to compile aggregate data about network traffic and network interaction so that we can offer better online experiences and tools in the future. 

When you visit our website with cookies enabled on your browser settings, you consent to the storing of cookies and related tracking technologies on your computing device, as described in this cookie policy. 

If you do not want to consent to our use of cookies, you must disable cookies on your web browser to the extent possible, as described below.  Please note that it may not be possible to disable all cookies on your web browser and that, to the extent cookies cannot be disabled on your web browser, you consent to our use of cookies when you visit our websites.

The following generally describes the types of cookies City Colleges uses on our websites: 

Required or Strictly Necessary Cookies: These cookies are essential for our websites to operate correctly and to provide you with requested services.  They are usually only set in response to actions made directly by you that amount to a request for service, such as logging in or filling out forms on our websites.
Social Media Cookies: Social media cookies may be set by third parties such as YouTube and Facebook to collect information about your social media usage.
Analytics Cookies: Analytics cookies collect information about your use of our websites and help us improve the way it works. For example, analytics cookies identify the most frequently visited pages, record any difficulties you have, and show whether our advertising is effective. This allows us to see the overall patterns of usage, rather than the usage of a single person. We use the information to analyze the website’s’ traffic.
Targeting/Advertising Cookies: We use targeting/advertising cookies to create profiles and personalize content. We may use third party products, such as Google Analytics, to market City Colleges’ services to you on third party websites. For example, if you visit our websites, you may then see advertisements for City Colleges on other websites. 
You can learn more about cookies and their general functions by visiting an informational website such as  allaboutcookies.org.

How can I control cookies?
You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies. You can exercise your cookie rights by setting your preferences in City Colleges’ Cookie Consent Manager. The Cookie Consent Manager allows you to select which categories of cookies you accept or reject. Essential cookies cannot be rejected as they are strictly necessary to provide you with services. 

The Cookie Consent Manager can be found in the notification banner and on our website. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our website, though your access to some functionality and areas of our website may be restricted. You may also set or update your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. The means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, so you should visit your browser’s help menu for more information. If you choose this option, you may have to manually adjust your website preferences every time you visit a site and some of the features may not work as intended, limiting website access and functionality.  

In addition, most advertising networks offer a way to opt out of targeted advertising. To learn more, you can visit sites like http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or http://www.youronlinechoices.com.

Advertising Disclosures for Marketing-Related Data
City Colleges utilizes products that collect, receive, or use end users’ personal data. Data is collected to allow us to provide our services, as well as for remarketing and behavioral targeting, advertising, analytics, email marketing, interaction with external social networks and platforms, and website management. Personal data is collected using the following services:

Google Analytics:  City Colleges uses Google Analytics to help analyze how visitors use this site. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting:  City Colleges uses the Demographics and Interest Reporting feature in Google Analytics to gain insights regarding the demographics and interests of our website visitors.
Google Ads: City Colleges use advertising products offered by Google Ads, potentially including Google Paid Search, Google Display and YouTube. Google Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Google, Inc. that connects data from the Google Ads advertising network with actions performed on our website.
Google Tag Manager: City Colleges uses this tool to place tracking codes. It may collect aggregated data from tags firing.
To learn more about Google Products data and privacy: visit https://policies.google.com/privacy.

Remarketing and Behavioral Targeting:
City Colleges uses third-party advertising vendors and tools that use cookies to show you our ads across the internet based on your past visits to our website or your previous web browsing behavior.

To learn more about opting out of third-party advertising, visit: http://www.aboutads.info/choices.

Academic Technology
City Colleges provides access to various academic technologies, such as EAB Navigate and Brightspace, to CCC students, faculty, and staff.

Below is information to your communication preferences in these tools: Brightspace communication preferences

Students can view or  update their personal information at my.ccc.edu.

Email Marketing
City Colleges collects email addresses and other personally identifiable information to send transactional and marketing emails to our subscribers.

SMS/MMS Texting Information
SMS (Short Message Service) or MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) messaging, also known as text messaging, is a method of communication that City Colleges uses to communicate with current and future students. City Colleges may use SMS/MMS to send marketing text messages about various programs, opportunities, events and registration for the upcoming semester.  City Colleges of Chicago do not share this information with external organizations.

SMS/MMS may also be used to relay information such as emergency notifications, college closures, account information, and academic information to current students.  

Messaging Costs
City Colleges does not charge for SMS messages, however, standard message and data rates may apply from your mobile carrier. When you opt in to receive text messages, you are responsible for any carrier fees such as data plan charges, text messaging charges, tolls, out-of-area roaming, and other charges. The messaging frequency will vary.

Carriers
Note that SMS communications from City Colleges may not be available through all mobile carriers. Note that SMS communications from City Colleges may not be available through all mobile carriers.

Opt In
You may opt into marketing text messages on our website or by texting “GOCCC” to “46222”. This will include a one-time text message as well as two-way texting.  After you opt in on the website or via opt in code, you will have an opportunity to confirm or decline your participation by replying to the message. By replying YES, you are confirming your subscription.

Opt Out
Reply STOP to the text message you received to stop receiving marketing text messages from City Colleges.  You will receive one final message from City Colleges confirming that you have stopped text messages. You will receive no further text messages unless you opt in again.

Additionally, you can choose to email communications@ccc.edu to opt out of text messages.

Questions or Concerns?
If you have questions, contact: communications@ccc.edu.

How do I opt out from City Colleges communications? 
If you do not wish to receive marketing emails or texts from City Colleges, please email: communications@ccc.edu.

We may update this statement from time to time.  Any changes to the privacy statement will become effective once the revised policy has been posted to this website. 