Terms of use - Cdiscount Marketplace
Terms of use
1. LEGAL INFORMATION
I. This website is published by Cdiscount, a French limited company, with a share capital of 6 642 912.78€, €, registered in the Bordeaux Trade and Companies Register under the number 424 059 822, whose head office is located at 120-126 quai de Bacalan 33000 Bordeaux, intra-community VAT number FR 34 424 059 822.
The director of publication of the website is Mr Emmanuel GRENIER in his capacity as Chairman and Managing Director;
The host of the site is OVH. Storage is provided by OVH SAS, with a share capital of €10,069,020, registered with the Lille Métropole Trade and Companies Registry under number 424 761 419 00045, whose head office is located at 2 rue Kellermann, 59100 Roubaix.
For any question or request for information you can contact us by email via https://marketplace.cdiscount.com/contact/.
II. If you come to notice unsuitable or illegal content we thank you for reporting them to us at the following addresses:
– By internet:
Please send us your request via the form for notification of illegal content available at the bottom of each page of the site www.cdiscount.com, or at the following address https://clients.cdiscount.com/notificationform/introduction.html.
Or
– By mail
A Cdiscount – Legal Department
120-126 Quai de Bacalan
33067 BORDEAUX CEDEX
III. In order to have more information on the protection and processing of your personal data and on cookies, we invite you to consult our “Privacy Policy” page accessible at the bottom of each page of our site.
2. CONDITIONS OF USE OF THE SITE
The user acknowledges having read these terms and conditions and undertakes to respect them.
The user acknowledges having verified that the computer configuration used does not contain any virus and that it is in perfect working order.
The commercial presentations displayed on the site do not constitute contractual commitments by Cdiscount unless expressly mentioned.
The contents of the tab “Our Partners” are provided by third parties under their sole responsibility. Consequently, Cdiscount declines all responsibility for these contents.
Cdiscount reserves the right at any time to revise, delete, modify, validate or change, in whole or in part, any content displayed on the website.
3. HYPERLINKS
The hypertext links set up within the framework of the website towards other resources present on the Internet network, and in particular towards its partners, have been the subject of prior, written and express authorisation.
Cdiscount cannot be held responsible for access by users via hypertext links set up within the framework of the website to other resources present on the network.
Cdiscount declines all responsibility for the content of the information provided on these resources present on the network as part of the activation of hypertext links.
The user cannot set up a hypertext link to this site without the express prior authorization of Cdiscount.
Under no circumstances can this authorization be qualified as an implicit affiliation agreement.
In any case, hypertext links to the website must be removed upon first request from Cdiscount.
4. CONTENT PROTECTION
All content present or made available through this site, such as texts, drawings, graphics, images, music, photos, trademarks and logos, digital downloads, etc. is the property of Cdiscount, its affiliates or third parties.
This content is protected by intellectual property rights. We draw your attention to the fact that the violation of intellectual property rights constitutes the offence of counterfeiting and is punishable under criminal law.
Cdiscount does not grant any right on the content and does not authorize its visitors to copy and print on paper a content from its site, for the sole purpose of preparing their purchases.
It is strictly forbidden for any individual or legal entity to extract, copy, reproduce, modify, retranscribe and/or reuse all or part of the content without the express written authorization of the holder of the rights.
5. APPLICABLE LAW
French law is applicable both for the rules of form and substance.
Get started!
Offer your products with no opening fees and no sales limit on Cdiscount Marketplace!
Get started on Cdiscount
Contact an expert
Start
Launch your shop
Our prices
API
Our partners
Ship
Fulfillment
Express Seller
To expand
Your Ads
Premium subscriptions
International sales
Cdiscount à volonté
Finances and tax management
Customers relationship
Resources
FAQ
P2B Annual report
Meet us
Contact
EN
DE
ES
中文
FR
IT
General Conditions of accessibility
Legal mentions
Privacy
Cookie Management
facebook
linkedin
@2026 - Cdiscount - Tous droits reservés