Consular Electronic Application Center
Disclaimer
For site management, see Privacy and Computer Fraud and Abuse Act Notices.
The information content and design/organization of this web page were launched in 2013.
Links to External Web Sites
Links to web sites outside the U.S. Federal Government or the use of trade, firm, or corporation names within the State Department web sites are for the convenience of the user. Such use does not constitute an official endorsement or approval by the U.S. State Department of any private sector web site, product, or service.
Computer Fraud and Abuse Act
Unauthorized attempts to upload information and/or change information on these web sites are strictly prohibited and are subject to prosecution under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and Title 18 U.S.C. Sec.1001 and 1030.
Disclaimer of Liability
Every effort is made to provide accurate and complete information. However, we cannot guarantee that there will be no errors. With respect to documents and information on the current and archive State Department web sites, neither the U.S. Government, the U.S. Department of State, nor their employees and contractors make any warranty, expressed or implied, including the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose with respect to documents available from State Department web sites. Additionally, the U.S. Government, U.S. State Department, assume no legal liability for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information, product, or process disclosed herein and do not represent that use of such information, product, or process would not infringe on privately owned rights.
Please read the State Department's guidelines pursuant to the Data Quality Information Act before submitting inquiries under this Act.
If you would like verification or a hard copy of information released on State Department web sites or if you have any questions or comments about the information presented here, please contact the public information staff in the Bureau of Public Affairs.
Bureau of Global Public Affairs, Office of Public Liaison
GPA/SOE/PL
U.S. Department of State
Washington, D.C. 20520
202-647-6575
Publicoutreach@state.gov
Also see
https://register.state.gov/contactus/contactusform
For information on the Department of State’s privacy policy regarding the nature, purpose, use, and sharing of any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) collected via this website please go to
Department of State's Privacy Policy
. For disclaimer and notices associated with a specific information collection please click on that information collection. Our privacy policy explains our information practices when you provide PII to us, whether collected online, or when you visit us online to browse, obtain information, or conduct a transaction. PII may include: your name, email, mailing and/or home address, phone numbers, or other information that identifies you personally.
Privacy Notice about Google Analytics Premium
This website uses Google Analytics Premium. Please refer to the following policies on Google’s website for more information:
Google’s main privacy policy
Cookies & Google Analytics on Websites
Opt out of Google Analytics Cookies