Terms and Conditions | Celebrity Net Worth
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to
CelebrityNetWorth.com
. This page explains the terms by which you may use our online and/or mobile services, web site, and software provided on or in connection with CelebrityNetWorth. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our
privacy policy
govern
CelebrityNetWorth
's relationship with you in relation to this website. By accessing or using the Service, you ("you" or "your"), signify that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by the terms of service and conditions set forth below (as amended from time to time, "Terms") and to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information as set forth in our Privacy Policy, as modified from time to time and which is incorporated by reference herein. These Terms apply to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service ("Users").
The term
CelebrityNetWorth
or 'us' or 'we' refers to the owner of the website. The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of our website. The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Commercial Use
:
Unless otherwise expressly authorized herein or by CelebrityNetWorth's express written consent, you agree not to display, distribute, license, perform, publish, reproduce, scrape, access, duplicate, copy, create derivative works from, modify, sell, resell, exploit, transfer or transmit for any commercial purpose, any portion of the Service, or access to the Service. The Service is for your personal use and may not be used for direct commercial endeavors without the express written consent of CelebrityNetWorth.
Artificial Intelligence:
The owner of this website does not consent to the content on this website being used or downloaded by any third parties for the purposes of developing, training or operating artificial intelligence or other machine learning systems ("Artificial Intelligence Purposes"), except as authorized by the owner in writing (including written electronic communication). Absent such consent, users of this website, including any third parties accessing the website through automated systems, are prohibited from using any of the content on the website for Artificial Intelligence Purposes. Users or automated systems that fail to respect these choices will be considered to have breached these Terms of Service.
Intellectual Property Rights
:
Except as expressly authorized by CelebrityNetWorth in writing, you agree not to modify, copy, frame, scrape, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the Service or the CelebrityNetWorth Content, in whole or in part, except that the foregoing does not apply to your own User Content (as defined above) that you legally upload to the Service. In connection with your use of the Service you shall not engage in or use any data mining, robots, scraping or similar data gathering or extraction methods. Any use of the Service or the CelebrityNetWorth Content other than as specifically authorized herein is strictly prohibited. As between you and CelebrityNetWorth, the technology and software underlying the Service or distributed in connection therewith is the exclusive property of CelebrityNetWorth, our affiliates and our partners (the "Software"). You agree not to copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, or otherwise transfer any right in the Software. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by CelebrityNetWorth.
Trademarks:
"CelebrityNetWorth", "Celebrity Net Worth" and other CelebrityNetWorth graphics, logos, designs, page headers, button icons, scripts and service names (whether or not they appear at any given time on the Service) are the trademarks, trade names or trade dress of CelebrityNetWorth in the U.S. and other countries. You may not use CelebrityNetWorth's trademarks and trade dress, including as part of trademarks and/or as part of domain names, in connection with any product, program, display or service in any manner that is likely to cause confusion or create the impression that CelebrityNetWorth endorses any product or service. You may not reproduce or use CelebrityNetWorth's trademarks or trade dress without the prior written permission of CelebrityNetWorth.
Indemnity and Release:
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless CelebrityNetWorth and its subsidiaries, agents, licensors, managers, and other affiliated companies, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, injury (including death), costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from or relating to: (i) your use of and access to the Service, including any data or content transmitted or received by you; (ii) your violation of any term or condition of these Terms, including without limitation your breach of any of the representations and warranties above; (iii) your violation of any third-party right, including without limitation any right of privacy or Intellectual Property Rights; (iv) your violation of any applicable law, rule or regulation; (v) your User Content or any that is submitted via your account; or (vi) any other party's access and use of the Service with your unique username, password or other appropriate security code. For the avoidance of doubt, your indemnity obligations include, without limitation, claims against CelebrityNetWorth that any of your User Content infringes a third party's Intellectual Property Rights.
Celebrity Net Worth
About Us
Contact Us
Archives
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
DMCA
Terms of Use
© 2026 Celebrity Net Worth / All Rights Reserved