Terms and Conditions
Last Updated: June 16, 2025

This website is maintained by Certus, for the sole purpose of providing training and services under the auspices of approvals, licenses and certifications issued by the state and governing agencies.

By using this website, you affirm and certify that you have read and agree to our Disclaimer and Terms and Conditions of Use.

While every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of the information on this website and other information provided to you by Certus, portions of this information may be incorrect or out-of-date. Neither Certus nor its affiliated companies, their officers, directors, employees, agents, information providers or suppliers warrants the accuracy, reliability, or timeliness of information provided and shall not be liable for any losses caused by such reliance on the accuracy, reliability, or timeliness of such information.

This website is not intended for anyone under the age of 13. If you are under 13, you are not permitted to submit personal information or register for our services.

By using this website you agree that neither Certus nor its affiliated companies, their officers, directors, employees, agents, information providers, or suppliers shall have any liability to you under any theory of liability or indemnity in connection with your use of this website or the services of Certus.

Notwithstanding the foregoing paragraph, the total liability of Certus, if any, for losses or damages shall not exceed the fees paid by the user for the particular information or service provided. In no event shall Certus be liable to you for any losses or damages other than the amount referred to above.

Use of any products or services provided by Certus constitutes acknowledgment that you have read and understand these terms of use. By using this website, you expressly agree that Certus will not be held liable for or responsible for any damage or inconvenience caused or alleged to be caused by the use of our services.

Our courses include course elements as required by the state regulating agency for that course, which can include course expiration dates, course timers, learning assessments and identity validation requirements. Students who are excluded from training for failure of any required course elements will be required to re-register to complete training.

Anti-Discrimination Policy
Equal Opportunity within the Learning Environment
Certus will not discriminate against those wishing to purchase and use its products and services. Certus will take sufficient measure to ensure learners are not discriminated against on the basis of race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, gender, gender identity, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, marital status, creed, religion, age, mental condition, physical handicap, disability, results of genetic testing, veteran status, or service in the military. Certus expressly prohibits any form of harassment or discrimination. Certus will not make explicit reference of a discriminatory nature based on gender, ethnicity, religion, age, disability, socioeconomic status, and/or sexual orientation.

If you feel you have been discriminated against by Certus, you can report the incident by contacting our Customer Care team through methods outlined on our Contact Us webpage.

Equal Opportunity within the Organization
Certus provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, gender, gender identity, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, marital status, creed, religion, age, mental condition, physical handicap, disability, results of genetic testing, veteran status, or service in the military. Equal employment opportunity applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leave of absence, compensation, and training. Certus expressly prohibits any form of harassment or discrimination. Improper interference with the ability of other employees to perform their expected job duties is absolutely not tolerated.

Any employees with questions or concerns about equal employment opportunities in the workplace are encouraged to bring these issues to the attention of the Human Resources Department. Certus will not allow any form of retaliation against individuals who, in good faith, raise concerns regarding equal employment opportunity. If an employee feels he or she has been subjected to any such retaliation, he or she should promptly bring it to the attention of the Human Resources Department.

Retaliation means adverse conduct taken because an individual reported an actual or perceived violation of this policy or applicable law, opposed practices prohibited by this policy or applicable law, or participated in the reporting and investigation process described below. In addition to termination, demotion, or reductions in pay, "adverse conduct" may include, but is not limited to: (1) shunning and avoiding an individual who reports harassment, discrimination or retaliation; (2) express or implied threats or intimidation intended to prevent an individual from reporting harassment, discrimination or retaliation; or (3) denying employment benefits because an applicant or employee reported harassment, discrimination or retaliation or participated in the reporting and investigation process. Complaints of discrimination should be filed according to the procedures described in the Harassment and Complaint Procedure. Employees who are found to have violated this policy will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination.

Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and Reasonable Accommodation
In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and to ensure equal employment opportunities to qualified individuals with a disability, Certus will make reasonable accommodations for the known disability of an otherwise qualified individual. A reasonable accommodation for an employee means a modification to the role that would enable an employee to complete the role despite a disability or condition and does not cause undue hardship to Certus. Employees who may require a reasonable accommodation should contact the Human Resources department. Once Certus is notified of a disability, Certus will work to identify the reasonable accommodations necessary to allow the individual to apply for and safely perform the essential functions of the job.

Certus also allows for reasonable accommodations to improve course and program access for learners with disabilities. A reasonable accommodation for a learner means a modification to the training process that would enable a learner to access and complete the training despite a disability or condition and does not cause undue hardship to Certus. Learner accommodations must not alter the program requisites and do not guarantee that the learner will pass their program.

The content and presentation of Certus's courses are developed using the concept of universal design to ensure easy comprehension and access for all students. If learners have questions about program accessibility or would like to request a reasonable accommodation, they should contact our Customer Care team through methods outlined on our Contact Us webpage.

Proprietary Interest Policy
At no time will third-party compensation be permitted within IACET-accredited Certus courses. Any products, instruments, devices, or materials mentioned are done so free of monetary reward or other compensation and with the permission of the copyright holder. Certus does not allow any of its instructors, employee or contractor, to have proprietary interest in any of the products or services mentioned within its courses. This is part of our Employee Obligations Agreement and our Independent Contractor Agreement, which is signed by each employee or contractor upon accepting employment.

Notice to California Customers
Your use of our software and other products confers a license, and is subject to the terms and conditions outlined above and other terms in effect for that product at the time of purchase, including but not limited to the fact that such license may expire. Your agreement to these terms is required to use the product. Be certain to read the applicable conditions of the license carefully before you purchase or use the product.