Terms of Use
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to this NHA website, which is operated by National Healthcareer Association, a division of Assessment Technologies Institute, LLC (“ATI”), with its principal place of business located at 311161 Overbrook Road, Leawood, Kansas 66211,
    USA (“NHA”).
PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. IT IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT") BETWEEN YOU AND NHAAND GOVERNS YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THIS WEBSITE AND THE PRODUCTS, SERVICES, MATERIALS, COURSES, AND ASSESSMENT (REFERRED TO HEREIN AS “PRODUCTS AND/OR
    SERVICES”) OFFERED BY NHA THROUGH THIS WEBSITE. BY ACCESSING OR USING THIS WEBSITE OR BY ORDERING THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OFFERED HERE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS HEREIN APPLY TO ALL PRODUCTS
    AND SERVICES PURCHASED FROM NHA.
Please note: Neither NHA nor ATI is not a school but rather is a provider of learning content, professional certifications and continued education for allied health professionals. NHA materials, including online content, are authored by subject matter
    experts and the NHA certifications are developed by subject matter experts under the oversight of psychometricians. The completion of any NHA materials, when used outside of an academic program, does not lead to a post-secondary degree or diploma.
1. GETTING STARTED
a.
Our Products
: We offer (a) self-study online content, exam preparation materials, proctored certification exams (“
Certification Programs
”) and un-proctored certificate exams (“
Certificate Programs
”)
 (collectively “
Credential Programs
”), and (b) online and continuing education.
b.
Candidate Handbooks
. In the Candidate Handbooks, you will find essential information about policies and procedures for the Certification Programs. All candidates for Certification are subject to the policies and procedures set forth
    in the NNA Candidate Handbook and these Terms and Conditions. The Handbook also includes other, essential information.
Before purchasing any of the Certification Programs, you should review the Candidate Handbook that is relevant to you.
c.
Eligibility
. To be eligible for the Certification Programs you must meet the “Eligibility Requirements” as set forth in the Candidate Handbook. Additionally, some Certificate Programs may have eligibility requirements.
    Please review the website page for the specific Certificate Program to learn about eligibility requirements, if any.
2. YOUR ACCOUNT
In creating an account with NHA ("Account"), you will be required to provide certain information and to accept these Terms and Conditions. Upon establishing an Account with NHA, you will be provided with a username, access code or product code.
When establishing your Account, in addition to accepting these Terms and Conditions, you agree to
:
a. Provide complete and accurate information to NHA and to permit NHA to store and use your registration data for use in maintaining your account and as provided in the Privacy Policy.
b. You agree to protect your username and password, as well as any access, discount or product codes provided by NHA, and not share them with others or permit any unauthorized use of the Products and Services.
c. Yc. You certify and represent that you will be the person using the Products and Services for which you have registered and that any attestations which you are required to complete in connection with the foregoing will be completed only by
    you..
d. Purchases made under your account are nontransferable.
e. You agree that the data that NHA collects from you, or you provide in your Account and when using the Products and Services, is stored on systems and data storage operating in the U.S. and is subject to NHA’s Privacy Policies posted on
    its or ATI’s website(s) (collectively, “Sites”). In providing any data in respect to the Products and Services, you agree to the transfer of your data to NHA and its partners, and the processing and storage of your data by
    NHA and its partners in the U.S. to provide the Products and Services to you in accordance with these terms and conditions.
If you do not agree to the transfer and storage of your data to the U.S., do not use NHA’s Products and Services.
3. ACCESS PERIOD
Access to any online learning Product, including all Credential Programs and examination prep Products, will expire twenty-four (24) months from the date on which (a) if your associated with an institution, the product was assigned to your account,
    or (b) if you purchased the product directly from NHA, the date of purchase. Nothing in this section impacts exam scheduling or rescheduling (see the Candidate Handbook, “Registering for an Exam” and “Rescheduling and Cancellation
    an Exam” sections).
4. MEMBERSHIP SUBSCRIPTION
NHA offers the “NHA Membership” subscription program to its Certification Program candidates and those holding NHA Certifications. NHA offers two types of NHA Membership subscription plans: the NHA Membership and the Membership Plus.
NHA Membership
: With
the standard NHA Membership subscription
, you will have a choice of payment options and access to a library of free continuing
        education (which can be applied towards recertification), exclusive discounts, exclusive webinars, a Members’-only newsletter, contests and other valuable benefits. Additionally, you will be entitled to a free recertification –
        in other words, you will not be required to pay the recertification fee – once every two years (“Free Recertification’) (together with the preceding sentence, the “Membership Benefits”).
NHA Membership Plus
: If you hold multiple NHA certification and you elect the NHA Membership Plus subscription, you will have all of the Membership Benefits of the standard NHA Membership except
        you will be entitled to a Free Recertification for all of your certifications once every two years.
Payment Options
: You can pay on an annual or monthly basis (see
www.nhanow.com/membership
for Membership Subscription
    pricing). By electing to pay once annually, you will receive a discount equal to two monthly installments. Please note the following rules with respect to subscriptions:
Subscription payments are nonrefundable.
NHA Membership subscriptions are auto-renewing and will renew automatically (a) if you purchased an annual subscription, on the anniversary of your subscription or (b) if you purchased a monthly subscription, on the same day of each month
        as the day of the month you made your initial subscription purchase.
If your renewal payment cannot be processed, you will be notified. If after 14 days your renewal payment still has not been made, your subscription will be deemed terminated and, if you later rejoin the Membership, you will not be credited
        with months toward a Free Recertification left behind in your prior Membership.
You can cancel your subscription at any time. To cancel your subscription, go to “My Membership” in the cert portal. You will continue to have access to your Membership until your next renewal date (the next month or next year
        depending on your payment option).
Lining Up with Your Recertification Date
: NHA Certification holders are required to recertify every two (2) years. Typically, in order to recertify, you need to (a) have completed the continuing
    education required by the certification(s) you hold and (b) pay the recertification fee. As a Member, you still need to complete the required CE but you may be able to apply a Free Recertification in lieu of paying the fee.
Please note
,
 that at the start of your Membership, your Recertification Date and your Free Recertification may not align:
Monthly Payment
:
If you have elected the Monthly Payment Option, you will not be entitled to a free Recertification until you have made your 20th monthly payment.
If your Recertification Date occurs in or after the 20th month, your Free Recert will apply.
If you have made your more than ten (10) monthly payments but have not yet made your 20th monthly payment, you will need to pay the recertification fee(s) but you will receive a 20% discount on the fee(s).
Thereafter, provided that you have maintained your Membership continuously, you will be entitled to Free Recertification at your Recertification Date.
Annual Payment:
If you have elected the Annual Payment Option, you will not be entitled to a free Recertification until you have paid for you second annual payment.
If your Recertification Date occurs after year one, your Free Recert(s) will apply.
If your Recertification Date occurs in the second half of your first annual Membership, you will need to pay the recertification fee(s) but you will receive a 20% discount on the fee(s).
Thereafter, provided that you have maintained your Membership, continuously, you will be entitled to Free Recertification at your Recertification Date.
If you cancel your Membership subscription and then later start a new Membership subscription, you will not be eligible for a Free Recertification until you have paid subscriptions fees, in an amount equal to the equivalent of 20 monthly payments, since you last free Recertification. You will also not be entitled to the discounts described above.
5. REFUND POLICY
This policy is applicable to all Products and Services, including continuing education, purchased directly from NHA, excluding Subscriptions, as described in Section 4 above (“Eligible Sales”).
Please note
that any previously published policies concerning returns, refunds or cancellation have been replaced by the policies stated herein and all such earlier policies are no longer applicable.
All sales are final twenty-eight (28) days
after the date of purchase (the “Return Period”) and only Eligible Sales may be returned for a refund during the Return Period. In other words, as of the 29th day following the date of purchase, NHA will not provide refunds or accept returns.
You must contact the Customer Services department within the Return Period to request a refund.
Only unused Products can be returned. In other words, if you have accessed any online content the Product is deemed Used. If you received printed materials and those materials have been used, and thus not resalable, the printed material will be deemed Used.
If you have attempted the final test or exam of any Credential Program, you will not be entitled to a refund.
Refunds are available only for the Product returns at the price paid for that Product.
Sometimes Products are sold as packages (e.g., hardcopy book, online program, and final exam). Refunds are not available for individual items within a Product Package. If an item within a Product Package is defective, you can request an exchange of that item by contacting the Customer Services department within the Return Period.
All refunds are issued in the same form as the original payment. For example, if a credit card was used for the original full-payment purchase, the refund will be made back to that credit card. Please note, however, that if the rules of the credit card company do not permit a refund be issued to the card (typically because the date of the original transaction is outside the credit card company’s permitted refund period), NHA instead will issue a check..
6. ADA EXAM ACCOMMODATIONS
Special accommodations for candidates with documented disabilities pursuant to the American with Disabilities Act (ADA) are available for certification examinations. NHA will provide reasonable testing accommodations to candidates whose documented disabilities or other qualifying medical conditions hinder their ability to take an examination under standard conditions. NHA reserves the right to determine the reasonableness of the accommodation requested and accommodation will be granted only to the extent that such accommodation does not fundamentally alter the examination or cause an undue burden to NHA or the testing center. The cost of excessive accommodation requirements is to be borne by the candidate (i.e., electronic communication equipment, etc.). Your request for an accommodation must be submitted at least 30 days prior to the examination date using the
NHA Accommodation Request Form available here
.
7. CONFIDENTIALITY
Except as permitted by this Agreement, NNA’s Privacy Policy posted on this Site and any opt-in elections you have made, no NHA employees or agents shall divulge confidential information about you without your consent, except that certification status, once earned, will be made available to the public as required by NHA’s accreditor or state law. Confidential information consists of your application status, your raw certification examination scores, your phone number(s), your email address(es), and your residential address(es). You acknowledge and agree that NHA may de-identify and aggregate your learning data, as kept within its online Products, your examination scores, and your product usage data with the same data of others and to use that aggregated data as NHA deems appropriate. You acknowledge and agree that your certification status is not confidential information and that NHA may disclose your current certification status, including expiration dates, to third parties. Please reference the
Privacy Policy
on this Site for more information about the protection and use of data.
8. NONDISCRIMINATION POLICY
NHA does not discriminate against any individual because of age, disability, gender, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other protected class. NHA endorse and adhere to the principles of equal opportunity.
9. LICENSE TERMS
Products and services made available to you by NHA are licensed, and not sold, to you, subject to the terms of this Agreement and your timely payment of any fees due and payable by you to NHA. Your license to use NHA’s Products and Services is subject to your prior acceptance of this Agreement and you agree that these terms will apply to each NHA’s product and service, including any updates or enhancements thereto. You are not authorized to assign or transfer this license or your access code, username, or password to any other person or entity. Other than the rights granted to you in this Agreement, NHA grants you no other rights. You agree not to copy, modify, rent, lease, loan, sublicense, sell, distribute, disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer, or create any derivative works or translations of or based on NHA’s Products and Services (except as and only to the extent that the foregoing restrictions is not permitted under applicable law or to the extent permitted by the license terms of any open-source components included with NHA’s Products and Services). You agree to use NHA’s Products and Services only as permitted under this Agreement and any terms delivered with NHA’s Products and Services. Any violation of these terms may subject you to civil and criminal penalties, prosecution, monetary damages, and the immediate termination of your license to use NHA’s products and services. If NHA reasonably suspects that you have violated this Agreement, or if you have not paid the fees that are due and payable by you to NHA, then, without notice to you, NHA may terminate this Agreement, the license, and your Account and deny you further access to NHA’s Products and Services. Upon termination of this license, you shall cease all use of NHA’s Products and Services and remain liable for paying all amounts that may be due and payable by you to NHA. NHA reserves the right to modify, suspend, remove, or disable access to any NHA Products or Services at any time without notice and in no event will NHA be liable for making any such changes.
10. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
a. You understand and agree that NHA’s Products and Services constitute intellectual property and proprietary material that is owned by NHA, its affiliates, or its licensors and is protected under intellectual property laws in the United States and other countries, which includes, but is not limited to, copyright. All rights not expressly granted to you under this Agreement are reserved by NHA and its licensors. NHA names and acronyms, including NHA®, and other NHA trademarks, service marks, graphics, and logos used in connection with NHA’s Products and Services are trademarks or registered trademarks of NHA in the United States and/or other countries. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics, and logos used in connection with NHA’s Products and Services may be the trademarks of their respective owners. NHA and its licensors do not grant to you any right or license in connection with any of the foregoing trademarks, service marks, graphics, or logos.
b. You agree to abide by all copyright notices and restrictions contained on this or any website of NHA, on NHA’s Products and Services and in accordance with this Agreement. You may not copy, distribute, enter into a database, display, perform, create derivative works, translate, or transmit any content contained in NHA’s products or services, except that you may download one copy of any NHA materials accessible online so long as you comply with the terms of this Agreement. All NHA Products and Services are provided for your own personal, non-commercial use. You may not alter the text or remove any trademark or other notice displayed on NHA’s products or services. All rights are reserved. NHA’s logos, trademarks, and service marks (together, “Marks”) are owned by NHA. You may not use the Marks without the prior written approval of NHA.
11. NO RESALE
NHA Products and Services are not provided for redistribution or resale under this Agreement.
12. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS; EXPORT
You agree to comply with all applicable federal, state, and local laws, including without limitation, all applicable laws in the jurisdiction where you reside, in your use of NHA’s Products or Services. You will not use NHA’s Products or Services in any way that is prohibited by U.S. law or that would violate U.S. export regulations. You may not use or otherwise export or re-export NHA’s Products or Services except as is permitted under U.S. laws and the laws of the jurisdiction where you reside. Neither NHA’s Products nor its Services may be exported into any U.S. embargoed countries or to anyone on the U.S. Government's list of specially designated nationals or denied persons or entities. You warrant that you are not located in any such country or on any such list.
13. GOVERNMENT USE
NHA’s Products and Services were developed using private funds and are "Commercial Items" as defined in 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software Documentation." Consistent with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, such Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being licensed to the U.S. Government solely as Commercial Items and only with those restricted rights granted to all other end-users pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Unpublished rights reserved under the copyright laws of the United States
14. USE OF LINKS
NHA may include material from third parties or include links to third party websites in its Products and Services. Such material is provided as a convenience to you and NHA assumes no liability or responsibility for such third-party materials or websites. Please note that these third-party websites may have privacy policies that differ from those of NHA and NHA encourages you to carefully read those policies. NHA’s Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by this or other NHA or ATI websites.
15. DISCLAIMERS AND WARRANTIES
NHA’S PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND NHA HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO ALL PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, SATISFACTORY QUALITY OR TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. No oral or written statement by any NHA employee or representative shall create a warranty or modify this section. Certain jurisdictions do not permit the exclusion of implied warranties, so the forgoing exclusion may not apply to you.
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT your use of, or your inability to use, NHA’s Products or Services is at your sole risk. NHA does not warrant for the accuracy or completeness of any information, text, graphic, links or other items contained within NHA’s Products or Services or for any errors, omissions, or any outcomes related to your use of NHA’s Products and Services. NHA takes precautions to protect itself against, but makes no warranties respecting, any harm that may be caused by the transmission of a computer virus, worm or other system or network infection or attack. NHA does not guarantee that your use of NHA’s Products or Services will be error-free or uninterrupted.
16. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT WILL NHA OR ATI, ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES, AGENTS, CONTRACTORS, PRINCIPALS, OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, OR BUSINESS DISRUPTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR YOUR USE OF THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION SERVICES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY MATERIALS OR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE. CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS DO NOT PERMIT THE EXCLUSION OF CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, AND IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS, NHA’S LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. In no event shall NHA's total liability to you, as an individual direct purchasers, for all damages exceed the amount paid for the specific Product or Services concerned with the Damages. The foregoing limitations will apply even if the above stated remedy fails its essential purpose.
17. INDEMNIFICATION
By using NHA’s Products and Services and this Site, you accept this Agreement and you agree that you will indemnify and hold NHA and its parent companies and affiliated entities, its and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors, principals, and its licensors and suppliers and their respective parent companies, affiliated entities, directors, officers, employees and agents harmless in connection with any claim arising out of your breach of the terms of this Agreement, your use of NHA’s Products and Services, or any action taken by NHA to protect its intellectual property, including, but not limited to, suspension or termination of your access to NHA’s Products and Services.
18. CHILDREN
We recognize the importance of protecting the privacy and safety of children. Our Services are not intended for children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use the Services and do not send any information about yourself to us. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13 years of age.
19. INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE OR POST ON OUR SITES OR SOCIAL MEDIA
Except for information which NHA expressly agrees to treat confidential, any communication, material, or information that you transmit or post to our Sites or on our Social Media (“User Content”) will be deemed non-confidential. If you post User Content, you agree that your User Content will be accessible and viewed by others. You agree not to post, upload to, transmit, distribute, store, create or otherwise publish through this or our other Sites any of the following:
User Content that is unlawful, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, suggestive, harassing, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory, fraudulent or otherwise objectionable;
User Content that would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, or that would otherwise create liability or violate any local, state, national or international law, including, without limitation, the regulations concerning privacy;
User Content that may infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual or proprietary right of any party;
User Content that impersonates any person or entity or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity;
Any unauthorized commercial use such as, but not limited to, engaging in unsolicited promotions, political campaigning, advertising, or solicitations, hyperlinking off of the Sites, or collecting names and emails addresses for the purpose of sending unsolicited emails;
Private information of any third party, including, without limitation, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, Social Security numbers and credit card numbers;
Viruses, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files; and
User Content that, in the sole judgment of NHA, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Sites, or which may expose NHA or its users to any harm or liability of any type.
This list of prohibitions provides examples and is not complete or exclusive.
By posting any User Content, you represent and warrant that you have the lawful right to distribute and reproduce such User Content. Any use of our Sites, Social Media, Products or Services in violation of this Agreement, including the foregoing, may result in, among other things, termination, or suspension of your rights to use our Sites, Social Media, Product or Services.
Also, by posting any information or material on our Sites, Social Media, Products or Services you grant NHA a perpetual, royalty-free license to use, display, reproduce, distribute, modify, and make publicly available such material or information for any commercial or non-commercial use.
20. MISCELLANEOUS
a. NHA reserves the right to update and modify these Terms and Conditions without advance notice to you and such changes will be effective immediately when posted on this site and will govern your continued use of NHA’s Products and Services.
b. This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Kansas, U.S.A., without giving effect to its conflict of law provision. Exclusive jurisdiction for any claim arising out of this Agreement will be in the courts of the State of Kansas, U.S.A. The parties each waive any rights to a jury trial for any claim or cause of action arising out of this Agreement. No NHA employee or representative has any right or authority to modify, whether orally or in writing, the terms of this Agreement, unless such modification is in a written agreement signed by an authorized representative of each party.
c. This Agreement is the entire and exclusive agreement between NHA and you regarding your use of NHA’s Products and Services and replaces any prior agreements between you and NHA regarding the subject matter herein. If any part of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect. NHA's failure to enforce any right under this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or of any other right under this Agreement. NHA is not responsible for failing to fulfill its obligations hereunder for reasons that are outside of NHA's control. This Agreement, and the license rights granted herein, are not assignable by you and any attempt to do so is of no force and effect.
d. NHA reserves the right to take steps it believes are reasonably necessary or appropriate to enforce and/or verify compliance with any part of this Agreement. You agree that NHA has the right, without liability to you, to disclose any registration data and/or account information to law enforcement authorities, government officials, and/or a third party, as NHA believes is reasonably necessary or appropriate to enforce and/or verify compliance with any part of this Agreement (including but not limited to NHA's right to cooperate with any legal process relating to your use of NHA’s Products or Services, and/or a third-party claim that your use of the Products or Services is unlawful and/or infringes such third party's rights).
21. TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Your use of NHA’s Products, Services and our Sites is subject to NHA’s
Privacy Policy
found on this Site, this Agreement and any additional terms provided during registration with NHA or in connection with any NHA Product, which are incorporated by reference into this Agreement. If you do not consent to these Terms or NHA’s Privacy Policies, please do not continue to use our Sites, Products and Services.
Issued January 2024.
Information For
Employers
Post-secondary Educators
Secondary Educators
Getting/Staying Certified
Military
Get Certified
Certified Clinical Medical Assistant (CCMA)
Certified Pharmacy Technician (CPhT)
Certified Phlebotomy Technician (CPT)
Certified Medical Administrative Assistant (CMAA)
Certified EKG Technician (CET)
Certified Electronic Health Records Specialist (CEHRS)
Certified Billing and Coding Specialist (CBCS)
Certified Patient Care Technician (CPCT)
Learning Solutions
Anatomy & Physiology
MA SkillsBuilder: Clinical
MA SkillsBuilder: Administrative
PCT SkillsBuilder Plus
Medical Terminology
PersonAbility
Principles of Health Coaching
PharmaSeer
PharmaSeer Math
TEAM Based Care
Quick Links
Login
Create Account
Reset Password
Help Center
Get Certified
Renew/Reinstate Certification
Live Remote Proctoring
Verify Certification
Career Center
Candidate Handbook
Contact Us
Information For
Employers
Post-secondary Educators
Secondary Educators
Getting/Staying Certified
Military
Get Certified
Certified Clinical Medical Assistant (CCMA)
Certified Pharmacy Technician (CPhT)
Certified Phlebotomy Technician (CPT)
Certified Medical Administrative Assistant (CMAA)
Certified EKG Technician (CET)
Certified Electronic Health Records Specialist (CEHRS)
Certified Billing and Coding Specialist (CBCS)
Certified Patient Care Technician (CPCT)
Learning Solutions
Anatomy & Physiology
MA SkillsBuilder: Clinical
MA SkillsBuilder: Administrative
PCT SkillsBuilder Plus
Medical Terminology
PersonAbility
Principles of Health Coaching
PharmaSeer
PharmaSeer Math
TEAM Based Care
Quick Links
Login
Create Account
Reset Password
Help Center
Get Certified
Renew/Reinstate Certification
Candidate Handbook
Live Remote Proctoring
Verify Certification
Job Board
Copyright© #year Assessment Technologies Institute®, LLC. All rights reserved.