Privacy Policy
The main purpose of our Web site is to provide information and services to our visitors. Your privacy is important to us and we are committed to protecting it and to make you aware of our online practices regarding the privacy of your information.

Chabad.org takes your privacy seriously. We created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. We promise that we will take steps to use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy.

Information About You

When you voluntarily provide it, we collect personal information in the course of interacting with the site. At the Chabad.org site you are able to subscribe to an email newsletter or text message alert, sign up for broadcast email, take part in reader feedback, send greeting cards, participate in polls or surveys, ask questions, send feedback or make a donation. In so doing, you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information such as your name, address, e-mail address or mobile number. If you send a greeting card or share an article with a friend, you must provide the name and e-mail address of the recipient. Contact information, such as name, email and phone number, and demographic information, such as zip code, may be gathered from our visitors from information requests or other forms.

We may use the information you give us to provide services to you, at your request. We may use it to communicate with you through periodic messages regarding services, events, and other information and notices. We may use it for confirmation of donations, registrations, or other actions you take on our site, and for related customer service needs. We use information you provide about others to enable us to send them your greeting cards, articles you choose to share or other such services. We only use contact information to send information requested or to contact users as necessary.

We do not sell, rent, swap or otherwise share our mailing lists with external organizations. Any personal information you provide to Chabad.org will not be disseminated to third parties outside of our organization.

We also may collect information that is not personally identifiable, such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Chrome, Safari), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows or Mac OS), the IP address (Internet Protocol set of numbers called Internet Address) you are using, and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g. Verizon, Comcast). We may use this information to analyze the design and functionality of our site in order to make site improvements. We may use such information in the aggregate to analyze site usage.

Our Web site does not automatically collect any individually identifiable information, such as email addresses, from visitors.

We pledge that we will never willfully sell, trade, rent, disclose, or make available personally identifiable information about you to any third party without first receiving your permission, except when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, or to protect the rights or property of Chabad.org.

You have the right under this Privacy Policy, and by law if You are within the EU, to:

Request access to Your Personal Data. The right to access, update or delete the information We have on You. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact Us to assist You.
Request correction of the Personal Data that We hold about You. You have the right to have any incomplete or inaccurate information We hold about You corrected.
Object to processing of Your Personal Data. This right exists where We are relying on a legitimate interest as the legal basis for Our processing and there is something about Your particular situation, which makes You want to object to our processing of Your Personal Data on this ground. You also have the right to object where We are processing Your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.
Request erasure of Your Personal Data. You have the right to ask Us to delete or remove Personal Data when there is no good reason for Us to continue processing it.
Withdraw Your consent. You have the right to withdraw Your consent on using your Personal Data. If You withdraw Your consent, We may not be able to provide You with access to certain specific functionalities of the Service.
If you want to discuss any matter relating to how your data is used, or to request erasure of your personal data, please call us, contact us online or email us our Data Protection Officer at feedback@chabad.org. In some cases we may be obliged to ask that a formal request be submitted in writing

Cookies

Our site makes limited use of cookies. "Cookies" are small text files that are stored on a local computer hard drive that contain information related to your use of a site. A cookie can't read data off of your computer hard disk or read cookie files created by other Web sites. Cookies do not damage your system. Cookies help websites provide visitors with customized features. Our site uses cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, location, and for other purposes. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your Internet browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our site may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.

Location Data

Certain features ("Features") of our sites and/or apps may use data related to your geographic location ("Location Data"). If you use these features, you agree to provide or make your Location Data accessible to us. This information is used to provide you with localized information, such as local Halachic and holiday times or to show nearby events or locations. To the extent that we do collect Location Data, we shall use it in accordance with our Privacy Policy. If you do not provide or make such Location Data accessible then the Features may be limited or not operate.

Links

We provide links to other Web sites that we believe you will find useful or relevant. Chabad.org is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.

Feedback & Ask the Rabbi

All communication held via our Feedback and Ask the Rabbi tools is strictly confidential and is not shared with any parties outside the organization. For your protection, a secure, encrypted link is used to load your most recent response and is not publicly accessible. Your email address is never revealed to the public except through this secure link.

Reader Comments

This site makes Reader Comments functionality available to its visitors. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in this area becomes public and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.

In addition, submitting a comment binds you to our reader feedback policy.

Security

Chabad.org uses appropriate procedures to ensure the security of your personal information and to and protect it from unauthorized access. In particular, when we ask you to enter credit card information, we use the top industry standard security protection, including encryption, SSL transmission connection, and a secure server for information storage.

Email Subscription Lists

Chabad.org offers a subscription list service to its visitors that you can opt-in to. We will never subscribe you to any mailing list without your request or agreement. If you are subscribed to any lists, we provide the ability to opt-out of receiving these communications from us by following the instruction listed in the email. If we feel that we have provided you with a valuable service and you may want to support us we may send you a periodic solicitation email, which you can unsubscribe from at any time. We will never pass on your email address to a third party or send you spam.

Contacting Us

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please contact us online, or write to:
Chabad.ORG
770 Eastern Parkway Suite 405
Brooklyn, NY 11213.

Terms of Service
1. Your Acceptance
By using or visiting the Chabad.org website or any Chabad.org / Chabad.org Video products, software, data feeds, and services provided to you on, from, or through the Chabad.org websites (collectively the "Service") you indicate your agreement to (1) these terms and conditions (the "Terms of Service"), and (2) Chabad.org's privacy notice, found at www.chabad.org/privacy and incorporated herein by reference. If you do not agree to any of these terms or the Chabad.org privacy notice please do not use the Service.
Although we may attempt to notify you when changes are made to these Terms of Service, you should periodically review the most up-to-date version. Chabad.org may, in its sole discretion, modify or revise these Terms of Service and policies at any time, and you agree to be bound by such modifications or revisions. Nothing in these Terms of Service shall be deemed to confer any third-party rights or benefits.
2. Service
These Terms of Service apply to all users of the Service, including users who are also contributors of Content on the Service. “Content” includes the text, software, scripts, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, audiovisual combinations, interactive features and other materials you may view on, access through, or contribute to the Service. The Service includes all aspects of Chabad.org, including but not limited to all products, software and services offered via the Service, including the Chabad.org "Embeddable Player" and other applications.
The Service may contain links to third-party websites that are not owned or controlled by Chabad.org. Chabad.org has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites. In addition, Chabad.org will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any third-party site. By using the Service, you expressly relieve Chabad.org of any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website.
Accordingly, we encourage you to be aware when you leave the Service to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each website that you visit.
3. MyChabad.org Accounts
In order to access some features of the Service, you may have to create a MyChabad.org account. You may never use another's account without permission. When creating your account, you must provide accurate and complete information. You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account, and you must keep your account password secure. You must notify Chabad.org immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
Although Chabad.org will not be liable for your losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account, you may be liable for the losses of Chabad.org or others due to such unauthorized use.
4. General Use of the Service—Permissions and Restrictions
Chabad.org hereby grants you permission to access and use the Service as set forth in these Terms of Service, provided that:

You agree not to distribute in any medium or format any part of the Service or the Content without Chabad.org's prior express written authorization, unless Chabad.org makes available the means for such distribution through functionality offered by the Service (such as the Embeddable Player).
You agree not to alter or modify any part of the Service.
You agree not to access Content through any technology or means other than the video playback pages of the Service itself, the Embeddable Player, or other explicitly authorized means Chabad.org may designate.
You agree not to use the Service for any of the following commercial uses unless you obtain Chabad.org's prior written approval:
the sale of access to the Service;
the sale of advertising, sponsorships, or promotions placed on or within the Service or Content; or
the sale of advertising, sponsorships, or promotions on any page of an ad-enabled blog or website containing Content delivered via the Service, unless other material not obtained from Chabad.org appears on the same page and is of sufficient value to be the basis for such sales.
the posting of large numbers of videos on a single site that does nothing more than aggregate a lot of embedded Chabad.org videos and intentionally tries to recreate a broad selection of content
If you use the Embeddable Player on your website, you may not modify, build upon, or block any portion or functionality of the Embeddable Player, including but not limited to links back to Chabad.org or other publisher's websites.
You agree not to use or execute any automated system, including without limitation, "robots," "spiders," or "offline readers," that accesses the Service in a manner that sends more request messages to the Chabad.org servers in a given period of time than a human can reasonably produce in the same period by using a conventional online web browser. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Chabad.org grants the operators of public search engines permission to use spiders to copy materials from the site for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials. Chabad.org reserves the right to revoke these exceptions either generally or in specific cases. You agree not to collect or harvest any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the Service, nor to use the communication systems provided by the Service (e.g., comments, email) for any commercial solicitation purposes. You agree not to solicit, for commercial purposes, any users of the Service with respect to their Content.
In your use of the Service, you will comply with all applicable laws.
Chabad.org reserves the right to discontinue any aspect of the Service at any time.
5. Your Use of Content
In addition to the general restrictions above, the following restrictions and conditions apply specifically to your use of Content.

The Content on the Service, and the trademarks, service marks and logos ("Marks") on the Service, are owned by or licensed to Chabad.org, subject to copyright and other intellectual property rights under the law.
Content is provided to you AS IS. You may access Content for your information and personal use solely as intended through the provided functionality of the Service and as permitted under these Terms of Service. You shall not download any Content unless you see a “download” or similar link displayed by Chabad.org on the Service for that Content. You shall not copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, broadcast, display, sell, license, or otherwise exploit any Content for any other purposes without the prior express written consent of Chabad.org or the respective licensors of the Content. Chabad.org and its licensors reserve all rights not expressly granted in and to the Service and the Content.
You agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Service or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any Content or enforce limitations on use of the Service or the Content therein.