Terms & Conditions
Menu
Home
Search by date
Vacation packages
Hotels
Flight deals
Car rental
Travel tips & news
Terms & Conditions
Momondo Group Limited owns and operates Cheapflights through its subsidiary, Cheapflights Media (USA) Inc.
Cheapflights is a guide. We do not sell tickets but display the best deals on behalf of a range of airlines, agents and consolidators.
Terms of use & copyright
This site is protected by copyright.
The services of Cheapflights are made available to you on the following terms which apply to the whole or any part of the site:
The site is for your personal use only.
You may not reproduce or make available the site except for downloading on to a single CPU and viewing for private use only.
You may not, except with our express prior written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the site.
All other rights are reserved to Momondo Group Limited and Cheapflights Media (USA) Inc. Any infringement of Cheapflights will result in legal action.
Liability
Cheapflights takes all reasonable care to ensure that information on the site is up to date and accurate.
If you find that any information is incorrect please contact Cheapflights immediately -
click here
Cheapflights has used reasonable care and skill in compiling the content of this website.
However, neither Cheapflights nor its suppliers make any warranty that your access to the site will be uninterrupted; or as to the accuracy of any information on the site; and neither Cheapflights nor any of the suppliers accept liability for any errors or omissions on the site.
Cheapflights gives no warranty in respect of the site or its content and cannot be held responsible for any resulting damage or consequential loss.
Links to other sites
Cheapflights provides many links to other sites.
These links are for your information and Cheapflights accepts no responsibility in respect of your access to such websites or any material found on them.
Widgets
Widgets support functions that require that you disclose certain personally identifiable information given the user's choice of participation. This information is collected in many different ways such as: forms, surveys, contests, forums, subscribing or un-subscribing to mailings and correcting or updating personally identifiable information and are only used for the purpose in which they were collected. Forms which require sensitive information such as financial information (credit card) to process purchases for products or services are SSL encrypted to protect your sensitive information.
Like travel deals? Enter your email and we'll send them your way.
Send me deals
Your privacy is important to us, so we'll never spam you or share your info with third parties.
Take a look at our
privacy policy
.
And, we'd be sad to see you go, but you can
unsubscribe
at any time.
Popular destinations
Flights to USA
Flights to South Africa
Flights to Saudi Arabia
Flights to United Arab Emirates
Flights to India
Flights to Pakistan
Flights to Mexico
Flights to Thailand
Flights to Philippines
Flights to Canada
Flights to United Kingdom
Flights to Turkey
Popular cities
Flights to Manila
Flights to Johannesburg
Flights to Bangkok
Flights to Cairo
Flights to New York
Flights to Istanbul
Flights to London
Flights to Los Angeles
Flights to New Delhi
Flights to Dubai
Flights to Orlando
Flights to Las Vegas
Site / Currency
Site
United States
Cookie settings
©
2026
Cheapflights