CENTRAL TERMS OF SERVICE
Central Terms of Service Last Updated on November 8, 2024 

IMPORTANT NOTICE – SECTION 18 (DISPUTES; MANDATORY ARBITRATION; CLASS ACTION WAIVER) OF THESE CENTRAL TERMS OF SERVICE CONTAINS A BINDING ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER WHICH MAY REQUIRE YOU AND US TO RESOLVE DISPUTES IN BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION, AND NOT IN COURT. FOR COMPLETE TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT BIND YOU AND USE, PLEASE REFER TO THE “MANDATORY ARBITRATION” SECTION OF THIS DOCUMENT.

The following are the Central Terms of Service (the “Terms”) that govern your access to and use of this Site (as defined below) and other related services provided by Tribune Publishing Company and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “Tribune Publishing”, or “we”, or “us” or “our”). In these Terms, “you” or “your”, as applicable, means the person who accesses, uses, and/or participates in this Site or other related services, including but not limited to online and print publications and newsletters of any kind, provided by Tribune Publishing in any manner, and each of your heirs, successors, and assigns. In these Terms, “Site” means this website; mobile application; or any other website, mobile application, or online services provided by Tribune Publishing where these Terms are posted, collectively.

1. Your Agreement To These Terms & Our Policies.

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SITE OR ANY OF THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES PROVIDED BY TRIBUNE, AS THESE TERMS AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS AND ARE A LEGAL CONTRACT GOVERNING YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES PROVIDED BY TRIBUNE. BY DOING ANY OF THE FOLLOWING, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY THESE TERMS (WHETHER OR NOT YOU ARE REGISTERED WITH THE SITE): (1) BY ACCESSING, BROWSING, OR USING THE SITE; (2) BY CLICKING “ACCEPT”, “CONTINUE”, “REGISTER”, “SUBSCRIBE”, OR ANY SIMILAR BUTTON OR ICON PROVIDED ON THE SITE; OR (3) BY CONNECTING TO THE SITE THROUGH A THIRD PARTY SUCH AS FACEBOOK.

BY AGREEING TO THESE TERMS, YOU ALSO ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU CONSENT TO THE POLICIES, PRACTICES, AND TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF TRIBUNE PUBLISHING’S PRIVACY POLICY, COOKIE POLICY, AND IF YOU ARE A SUBSCRIBER, TO THE SUBSCRIPTION TERMS AND CONDITIONS. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO DENY ACCESS TO THE SITE AND ANY ASSOCIATED SERVICES TO ANY PERSON WHO VIOLATES THESE TERMS.

2. General Rules.

2.1. If You Do Not Agree to these Terms.

If you do not agree to these Terms, do not use the Site or any products or services that we offer via the Site. By using the Site or any products or services that we offer via the Site, you are also agreeing to be bound by these Terms.

2.2. References to Sections and Subsections.

Unless otherwise specified, in these Terms references to any “Section” shall include all Subsections and paragraphs in such Section, and references to any Subsection shall include all paragraphs in such Subsection.

2.3. Modifying these Terms.

The Site and Tribune Publishing reserve the right to change these Terms at any time in their respective discretion and to notify users of any such changes solely by changing the effective date (i.e., the “Last Updated” date) of these Terms. The most current version of these Terms will supersede all previous versions. The English language version of these Terms will supersede versions of these Terms provided or translated in any other language. Your continued use of the Site after the posting of any amended Terms shall constitute your agreement to be bound by any such changes. Your use of the Site prior to the time these Terms were posted will be governed according to the Terms that applied at the time of your use.

2.4. Discontinuation of Service.

Tribune Publishing may modify, suspend, discontinue, or restrict the use of any portion of the Site, including, without limitation any products or services that we provide via the Site, or the availability of any portion of the Content at any time without notice or liability. The Site may deny access to any registered member or other user at any time for any reason, or no reason at all, in our sole discretion. In addition, the Site or Tribune Publishing may at any time transfer rights and obligations under these Terms to any Tribune Publishing affiliate, subsidiary or business unit, or any of their affiliated companies or divisions, or any entity that acquires Tribune Publishing, the Site or any of their respective assets.

2.5. Separate Terms and Conditions.

Your access to or use of the Site or any products or services that we may offer is also governed by the terms of Tribune’s Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy, and Subscription Terms and Conditions, if you are a subscriber, and may be subject to supplemental policies or terms and conditions of Tribune Publishing or third parties. Please read Tribune’s Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy, and Subscription Terms and Conditions and any supplemental policies and terms and conditions carefully before accessing or making any use of such portions of the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the terms of Tribune’s Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy, and Subscription Terms and Conditions, if applicable. In the event of any material ambiguity, conflict, or inconsistency between these Terms and any other policies or terms and conditions governing your use of the Site, the following order of precedence will govern for purposes of resolving any such ambiguity, conflict, or inconsistency: (i) the Subscription Terms and Conditions, to the extent of the conflict and if you are a subscriber, (ii) these Terms, and (iii) any other policies or terms.

2.6. Advertising.

Being exposed to advertising is a condition of accessing the Site and the products and services we may offer to you via the Site.

3. Copyrights & Content.

All information, content, services and software displayed on, transmitted through, or used in connection with the Site (with the exception of User Content as defined below), including, for example, news articles, stories, reviews, directories, guides, text, photographs, images, illustrations, graphics, metadata, audio clips, video, html, source and object code, trademarks, logos, designs, and the like (collectively, the “Content”), as well as its selection and arrangement, is owned by Tribune Publishing and/or its licensors and suppliers. You may use the Content online only, and solely for your personal, non-commercial use, and you may download or print a single copy of any portion of the Content solely for your personal, non-commercial use, provided you do not remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from such Content. If you operate a Web site and wish to link to the Site, you may do so provided you agree to cease such link upon request from us. No other use is permitted without prior written permission of Tribune Publishing. The permitted use described in this Section 3 is contingent on your compliance at all times with these Terms.

Except where explicitly provided for herein or on the Site, you may not republish any portion of the Content on any Internet, Intranet, extranet site or any other online or offline publication, or incorporate the Content in any database, compilation, archive, cache, or similar medium without Tribune Publishing’s prior written consent. You may not distribute any Content to others, whether or not for payment or other consideration, and you may not archive, modify, copy, frame, cache, reproduce, sell, publish, transmit, display or otherwise use any portion of the Content. You may not scrape or otherwise copy our Content without our permission. You agree not to decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble any software or other products or processes accessible through the Site nor to insert any code or product or manipulate the Content or the Site in any way, and not to use any data mining, data gathering or extraction method.

Requests to use Content for any purpose other than as permitted in these Terms should be directed to termsofservice@tribpub.com. In certain cases, you may be able to use individual stories, articles, or video that appear on the Site through online functionality we have specifically designated (e.g., to e-mail a story to a friend or to purchase the rights to reproduce a story for other use). In such cases, we will tell you directly in the portion of the Content you may use or you will see a link in the Content itself that will permit you to email the story, article, or video, or purchase the rights to reproduce it.

Limitations on Use of Associated Press Materials. By accessing the Platform or Services, you specifically acknowledge and agree that: (i) Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium, and shall be subject to all terms and conditions made available at the AP Terms and Conditions web page available here; (ii) No Associated Press materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and non-commercial use; (iii) The Associated Press will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing; (iv) The Associated Press is an intended third party beneficiary of these terms and conditions and it may exercise all rights and remedies available to it; and (v) The Associated Press reserves the right to audit possible unauthorized commercial use of AP materials or any portion thereof at any time. Please review the AP Terms and Conditions for more information.

4. Registration.

Registration is not required to view certain Content. However, to use some parts of the Site — including without limitation, if you wish to post a comment or upload a photo or video, or view certain other Content — you may be required to register or subscribe and provide certain information about yourself. If you become a registered member of the Site, you accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your registration account. You agree to provide true, accurate, complete, and correct information at the time of registration, and to promptly update this information as needed so that it remains true, accurate, complete, and correct. We reserve the right to terminate your access and use of the Site if individuals from more than one household access the Site using any single registration account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and for restricting access to your computer so others outside your household may not access the Site using your name in whole or in part without your permission. If you believe someone has accessed the Site using your registration account and password without your authorization, e-mail us immediately at termsofservice@tribpub.com. Please read our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy to learn more about the information that we collect about you when you become a registered member of our Site, and how we may use the information me collect about you.

5. User Content.

5.1. User Content Representations and Warranties.

By placing material on the Site, including, but not necessarily limited to, by posting text, images, audio files, video clips, any audio-visual content, or any other content or communications to the Site or any Site bulletin board, forum, blogspace, message or chat area (collectively, “User Content”), you represent and warrant: (1) you own or otherwise have all necessary rights to the User Content you provide and the rights to provide it under these Terms; and (2) the User Content will not cause injury to any person or entity. Using a name other than your own legal name in association with the submission of User Content is prohibited (except in those specific areas of the Site that may specifically ask for unique, fictitious names).

5.2. User Content License.

For all User Content you post, upload, provide or otherwise make available to the Site (collectively, “Provide”), you grant Tribune Publishing a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, non-exclusive right and fully sub-licensable license to use, copy, reproduce, distribute, publish, publicly perform, publicly display, transmit, excerpt, reformat, modify, adapt, translate, archive, store, and create derivative works from such User Content, in whole or in part, in any form, format, or medium, of any kind now known or later developed. Without limiting the generality of the previous sentence, you authorize Tribune Publishing to: (i) share the User Content across all websites, mobile applications, newspapers and other online and offline services affiliated with Tribune Publishing; (ii) include the User Content in a searchable format accessible by users of the Site and other Tribune Publishing websites, mobile applications, newspapers and other online services; (iii) place advertisements in close proximity to such User Content; and (iv) use your name, likeness and any other information in connection with our use of the material you Provide. You waive all moral rights with respect to any User Content you Provide to the Site. You also grant Tribune Publishing the right to use any material, information, ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in any communication you Provide or otherwise submit to us for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to, commercial purposes, and developing, manufacturing and marketing commercial products using such information. All rights in this Section 5 are granted by you without the need for additional compensation of any sort by Tribune Publishing to you. You agree that you will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless any Tribune Indemnified Party from and against any and all claims resulting from User Content you post. In these Terms, “Tribune Indemnified Party” means Tribune Publishing and its parent, subsidiary, and affiliate companies and each of Tribune Publishing’s and its parents’, subsidiaries’, and affiliates’ respective employees, officers, directors, shareholders, members, partners, representatives, contractors, agents, licensors, licensees, sub-licensees, successors, and assigns, collectively. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of such disputes, and in any event, you will cooperate with us in asserting any available defenses.

You also hereby grant each user of the Site a non-exclusive license to access your User Content through the Site, and to use, reproduce, distribute, display, and perform such User Content as permitted through the functionality of the Site and under these Terms.

5.3. Unsolicited Material and Ideas.

If you transmit or send us any feedback, suggestions, ideas, concepts, designs, or other submissions (collectively, the “Submissions”), you assign to us any and all rights to the Submissions. Tribune Publishing is not responsible for the similarity of any of the Content, User Content, other content, or programming in any media to Submissions provided to the Site by you or otherwise. Tribune Publishing may, but is not required to, use your Submissions for any purpose, in its sole discretion. By using the Site and transmitting Submissions to us, you agree that you are not entitled to any compensation, credit or notice whatsoever with respect to such submission, and that by sending Submissions to us, you waive the right to make any claim, against Tribune Publishing, and any Tribune Indemnified Party relating to our use of such Submission, including, without limitation, infringement of proprietary rights, unfair competition, breach of implied contract or breach of confidentiality, even if material featured on the Site is or may be substantially similar to the Submission you sent. Any Submissions you send to us will not be treated as confidential. Do not send us any confidential material.

5.4. User Content Screening and Removal.

You acknowledge that Tribune Publishing
and/or its designees may or may not pre-screen User Content Provided to the Site, and shall have the right (but not the obligation), in their sole discretion, to move, remove, block, edit, disable access to, or refuse any User Content for any reason, including without limitation, in the event that such User Content violates these Terms or is otherwise objectionable.

5.5. User Content Assumption of Risk.

Although we may from time-to-time monitor or review postings, transmissions, and the like on the Site, we cannot and do not monitor or manage all User Content, and do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, or quality of User Content. All User Content Provided to the Site is the sole responsibility of the person who Provided it. This means that you are entirely responsible for all User Content that you Provide.To protect your safety, please use your best judgment when using Site forums, chat rooms, bulletin boards, blogs or similar features. We discourage divulging personal phone numbers and addresses or other information that can be used to identify or locate you. You acknowledge and agree that if you make such disclosures either through posting on any bulletin board, forum, blogspace, message or chat area, or uploading text, images, audio files or other audio-visual content, in classified advertising you place or in other interactive areas, or to third parties in any communication, you do so fully understanding that such information could be used to identify you.

You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the contents of, or the quality, availability, price, or condition of any products or services offered by, any classified advertisements on the Site. If you contact the poster of any classified advertisement or other User Content, you do so at your own risk.

5.6. User Content Posting Rules.

Any decisions as to whether User Content violates any posting rule set forth in these Terms will be made by us in our sole discretion and after we have actual notice of such posting. When you Provide User Content, you agree to the following rules:

If the photo or video depicts any children under the age of 13, you affirm that you have written permission from the child’s parent or guardian to Provide the photo or video.
Do not Provide User Content that:
contains copyrighted or other proprietary material of any kind without the express permission of the owner of that material;
contains vulgar, profane, abusive, racist or hateful language, expressions, epithets, slurs, text, photographs or illustrations, or is in poor taste, or is an inflammatory attack of a personal, racial or religious nature;
is defamatory, threatening, disparaging, grossly inflammatory, false, misleading, fraudulent, inaccurate, unfair, contains gross exaggeration or unsubstantiated claims, violates the privacy rights of any third party, is unreasonably harmful or offensive to any individual or community;
may cause any harm or damage to the Site, you, us, or anyone else;
violates any right of the Site, Tribune Publishing or any third party;
infringes other individuals’ privacy rights or rights of publicity;
discriminates on the grounds of race, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, sexual orientation or disability, or refers to such matters in any manner prohibited by law.
violates or encourages the violation of any municipal, state, federal or international law, rule, regulation, ordinance, or similar requirement;
interferes with any third party’s use of the Site;
advertises, promotes or offers to trade any goods or services, except in areas specifically designated for such purpose;
collects any user content or information, or otherwise accesses the Site using automated means (such as harvesting bots, robots, spiders, or scrapers) without our prior permission;
violates any robot exclusion headers of the Site, robot.txt files, or other exclusionary protocols, if any, or bypasses or circumvents other measures employed to prevent or limit access to the Site;
shares, recompiles, decompiles, disassembles, reverse engineers, or makes or distributes any other form of, or any derivative work from, the Site;
attempts to scrape or collect any personal or private information from other users or from the Site;
pretends to come from someone other than you, or where you are impersonating someone else;
intercepts or monitors, damages, or modifies any communication not intended for you;
uses or attempts to use or gain access to another’s registration account, password, service or system except as expressly permitted by the Terms;
injects, uploads, or transmits viruses, Trojan horses, malware, or any other harmful, disruptive or destructive files, materials or code;
disrupts, interferes with, or otherwise harms or violates the security of the Site, or any services, system resources, databases, accounts, passwords, servers or networks connected to or accessible through the Site or affiliated or linked sites;
“flames” any individual or entity (e.g., sends repeated messages related to another user and/or makes derogatory or offensive comments about nother individual), or repeats prior posting of the same message under multiple threads or subjects; or
otherwise breaches these Terms.
WARNING: A VIOLATION OF THESE POSTING RULES MAY BE REFERRED TO LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.

You shall notify us immediately upon becoming aware of the commission by any person of any restricted uses of the Site by sending an email to termsofservice@tribpub.com, and you shall provide us with reasonable assistance in any investigations we conduct in light of the information you provide in this respect.

You hereby acknowledge, consent to, and agree that we have no obligation to monitor any users’ access to or use of the Site, or to review or edit any Content or User Content, but we have the right to do so in our sole discretion: (i) for the purpose of operating and improving the Site (including without limitation for fraud prevention, risk assessment, investigation and customer support purposes); (ii) to ensure your compliance with these Terms; (iii) to comply with applicable law or the order or requirement of a court, administrative agency or other governmental body; (iv) to address content that we determine is otherwise objectionable or violates these Terms; (v) for any purposes authorized by our Privacy Policy or Cookie Policy; or (vi) for any other lawful purposes. We reserve the right, at any time and without prior notice, to remove or disable access to any Content or User Content that we, in our sole discretion, consider to be objectionable for any reason, in violation of these Terms, otherwise harmful to the Site, or for any other reason that we deem appropriate. In order to protect the integrity of the Site, we also reserve the right at any time in our sole discretion to block users from certain IP addresses from accessing and using the Site.

You also hereby acknowledge, consent to, and agree that we may access, preserve and disclose any of your information (i) if we are required to do so in order to comply with applicable law or regulation; (ii) if we are authorized to do so pursuant to our Privacy Policy or Cookie Policy; or (iii) if we believe in good faith that it is reasonably necessary: (A) to respond to claims or Disputes asserted against us or to comply with legal process (for example, subpoenas, warrants, or other process ); (B) to enforce or administer our agreements with users, including without limitation these Terms; (C) to render services you request; (D) to protect the rights or property of the Site, Tribune Publishing, and their respective third-party suppliers and licensors; (E) for fraud prevention, risk assessment, investigation, customer support, product development and de-bugging purposes; (F) to protect the rights, property or safety of the Site, its users, or members of the public; or (G) in circumstances that we deem, in our sole discretion, to pose a threat to the safety of us, you or others.

6. Transactions and E-Commerce.

During your visit to the Site, you may elect to engage in a transaction involving the purchase of a product such as a newspaper subscription, a print, or online advertisement or other tangible goods and services. Credit card transactions and order fulfillment are often handled by a third-party processing agent, bank, or distribution institution. While in most cases transactions are completed without difficulty, there is no such thing as perfect security on the Internet or offline. If you are concerned about online credit card safety, in most cases a telephone number will be made available so you can call us and place your order by phone. We cannot and do not take responsibility for the success or security of transactions undertaken or processed by third parties.

7. Linked Sites.

If we provide links to other websites, you should not infer or assume that we operate, control, or are otherwise connected with these other websites. Please be careful to read the applicable terms and conditions and privacy policy of any other website before you provide any personal information or engage in any transactions. We are not responsible for the content or practices of any website not part of the Site, even if the website is operated by a company affiliated or otherwise connected with us. By using the Site, you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible or liable to you for any content or other materials hosted, served, or residing on the domain from any websites other than the Site and then only to the extent provided for herein. During your visit to the Site, you may link to, or view as part of a frame, certain content that is actually created, hosted, and/or licensed by a third party. Because the Site has no control over third-party sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the availability of external websites or resources, nor for the content, actions, or policies of those sites. Information you provide on such websites, including personal information and transactional information, is subject to the applicable terms and conditions and privacy policy of those websites.

8. Errors in Advertisements.

On occasion, a product or service may not be available at the time or the price as it appears in an advertisement or other material in the Site. In such event, or in the event a product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to typographical error, technology error, error in the date or length of publication, error in pricing or product information received from our advertisers or suppliers, or for any other reason, you agree that we are not responsible for any such errors or discrepancies.

9. International Users.

The Site is controlled, operated, and administered by Tribune Publishing from its offices within the United States. If you are using the Site or any associated online products or services from outside the United States, please be aware that certain interactive, personalized, or enriched media features, products, and services may not be available in every jurisdiction. The Site and Tribune Publishing make no representation that materials or Content available through the Site are appropriate or available for use outside the United States and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. You may not use the Site or export the Content and/or User Content in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations. If you access the Site from a location outside the United States, you are responsible for compliance with all applicable laws.

10. Communications with Third Parties Through the Site.

Your dealings or communications through the Site with any party other than Tribune Publishing are solely between you and that third party. For example, certain areas of the Site may allow you to conduct transactions or purchase goods or services. In most cases, these transactions will be conducted by our third-party partners and vendors. Under no circumstances will we be liable for any goods, services, resources, or content available through such third-party dealings or communications, or for any harm related thereto. Please review carefully that third party’s policies and practices and make sure you are comfortable with them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, concerns, or questions relating to materials provided by third parties should be directed to the third party

11. Notice of Intellectual Property Infringement.

In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and other applicable law, it is the policy of Tribune Publishing and the Site, in appropriate circumstances, to suspend or terminate the registration account of a member who is deemed to infringe third-party intellectual property rights, including but not limited to exclusive copyright or trademark rights, or to remove User Content that is deemed to be infringing. If you believe that material on the Site infringes your intellectual property rights, please provide substantially the following information to our Intellectual Property Agent:

an electronic or physical signature of the owner or person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest;
a description of your copyrighted work, trademark, or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed (which may include, for example, a copyright or trademark registration number and/or a URL where your work can be found online;
a description of where the material you claim is infringing is located on the Site (providing us with website URL is the best way to help us locate content quickly);
your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law; and
a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner’s behalf.
The Site’s copyright agent can be reached as follows: Intellectual Property Agent, 160 N. Stetson Avenue, 3rd Floor, Chicago, IL 60601, 312-222-4643 (voice), 312-222-4567 (fax), attorney@tribpub.com.

Please note that the above contact information is for intellectual property infringement notices only. DO NOT CONTACT OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AGENT FOR OTHER INQUIRIES OR QUESTIONS. For other inquiries or questions, please email us at termsofservice@tribpub.com. Please also note that, pursuant to Section 512(f) of the Copyright Act and other similar intellectual property laws, any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may be subject to liability. You should consult with your legal counsel prior to sending a request.

We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to suspend or terminate, in appropriate circumstances, the registration account of a user who is deemed to have infringed a third party’s intellectual property rights, including repeat infringers.

12. General Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability.

While the Site and Tribune Publishing use reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information, neither the Site nor Tribune Publishing make any warranties or representations as to the accuracy of the Content and assume no liability or responsibility for any error or omission in the Content. The Site and Tribune Publishing do not represent or warrant that use of any Content will not infringe rights of third parties. The Site and Tribune Publishing have no responsibility for actions of third parties or for content provided by others, including without limitation User Content.

USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. ALL CONTENT AND ACCESS TO THE SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE.” NONE OF TRIBUNE PUBLISHING, THE SITE, NOR ANY OF THE TRIBUNE PUBLISHING AND/OR SITE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES, CONTRACTORS, AGENTS, CONTENT PROVIDERS OR LICENSORS, MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND REGARDING THE SITE, THE CONTENT, USER CONTENT, ANY ADVERTISING MATERIAL, INFORMATION, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE, AND/OR THE RESULTS THAT MAY (OR MAY NOT) BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE SITE OR THE CONTENT. ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, WARRANTIES AGAINST INFRINGEMENT, AND WARRANTIES THE SITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR FREE, ARE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMED.

13. Limitation of Liability.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW,THE SITE, TRIBUNE PUBLISHING, AND/OR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES, CONTRACTORS, AGENTS, CONTENT PROVIDERS OR LICENSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES RELATED TO UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OR LOSS OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA, THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICE, OR THE CONTENT OR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE CONTENT, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT TRIBUNE PUBLISHING AND ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES, CONTRACTORS, AGENTS, CONTENT PROVIDERS OR LICENSORS ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR (1) CONTENT OR USER CONTENT POSTED BY THIRD PARTIES, (2) ACTIONS OR OMISSIONS OF ANY THIRD PARTY, (3) YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR SERVICES, (4) MODIFICATION OR REMOVAL OF ALL OR PART OF THE CONTENT OR SERVICES, (5) DEFECTS OR ERRORS IN THE CONTENT OR SERVICES OR TECHNICAL MALFUNCTIONS, (6) ANY SECURITY INCIDENT OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR INTRUSION INTO YOUR DATA OR TRANSMISSIONS, OR (7) ANY DAMAGE TO, OR VIRUS, BUGS, MALWARE, OR OTHER HARMFUL CODE OR SOFTWARE THAT MAY INFECT, YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, MOBILE DEVICE, OR OTHER PROPERTY.

THE SITE CONTAINS FACTS, VIEWS, OPINIONS, STATEMENTS, AND RECOMMENDATIONS OF THIRD-PARTY INDIVIDUALS AND ORGANIZATIONS. THE SITE DOES NOT REPRESENT OR ENDORSE THE ACCURACY, CURRENTNESS, OR RELIABILITY OF ANY ADVICE, OPINION, STATEMENT, OR OTHER INFORMATION DISPLAYED, UPLOADED, OR DISTRIBUTED THROUGH THE SITE. ANY RELIANCE UPON ANY SUCH OPINION, ADVICE, STATEMENT, OR INFORMATION IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE SITE, TRIBUNE PUBLISHING AND/OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES, CONTRACTORS, AGENTS, CONTENT PROVIDERS OR LICENSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY AMOUNT FOR DIRECT DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF THE LESSER OF $100 OR THE AMOUNT YOU PAID TO USE THE SITE. THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY DESCRIBED ABOVE SHALL APPLY FULLY TO RESIDENTS OF NEW JERSEY.

14. Your Representations and Warranties.

You hereby represent, warrant, and covenant to Tribune Publishing that: (a) no materials of any kind (including, without limitation, User Content) through your account with (or access to) the Site shall infringe upon, plagiarize, or otherwise violate any rights of any third party, including, without limitation, any Intellectual Property Rights, privacy rights, or other personal or proprietary rights; (b) that you are at least thirteen (13) years old if you are in the United States and sixteen (16) years old anywhere else; (c) that if you are under eighteen (18) years old, your parent or legal guardian has read these Terms and our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy and has agreed to them and your use of the Site; and (d) that you shall not engage in any Prohibited Conduct in your use of the Site.

15. Prohibited Use of the Site.

While accessing or otherwise using the Site, you shall not engage in any Prohibited Conduct. In these Terms, “Prohibited Conduct” means any of the following:

access or use, or attempt to access or use, the Site to take any action that could harm us or a third party;
use the Site in any manner that violates any applicable laws or regulations;
use the Site in any manner that infringes upon or otherwise violates our or any third party’s Intellectual Property Rights or other proprietary rights;
without our express prior written consent, attempt (or encourage or support anyone else’s attempt) to circumvent, reverse engineer, decrypt, or otherwise alter or interfere with the Site, or any Content thereof, or make any unauthorized use thereof;
without our express prior written consent, access any part of the Services, Content, or data or information you do not have permission or authorization to access or for which Tribune Publishing has revoked your access or permission;
without our express prior written consent, use robots, spiders, scripts, service, software, or any manual or automatic device, tool, or process designed to data mine or scrape the Content, data, or information from the Site, or otherwise access, collect, or copy the Content, data, or information from the Site using automated means;
without our express prior written consent, use or attempt to use any Content or information available on the Site, whether by manual input or automated means, for purposes of retrieval augmented generation, grounding, training, or development of machine learning models, algorithms, or artificial intelligence (AI) systems, or to generate substitute content or develop any products, services, or technology;
without our express prior written consent, use services, software, or any manual or automatic device, tool, or process designed to circumvent any security, restriction, condition, or technological measure that controls access to the Site in any manner whatsoever, including, without limitation, overriding any security feature or bypassing or circumventing any access controls or use limits of the Site;
without our express prior written consent, take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our network or infrastructure;
without our express prior written consent, cache or archive the Content (except for a public search engine’s use of spiders for creating search indices); or
without our express prior written consent, do anything that could disable, damage, or change the functioning or appearance of the Site, including the presentation of advertising or ad content.
Your engaging in any Prohibited Conduct may result in civil, criminal, and/or administrative liabilities, penalties, fines, or sanctions against you and any person assisting you.

16. Indemnity.

You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Site and any Tribune Indemnified Party from any and all claims (including but not limited to claims for defamation, trade disparagement, privacy, publicity, and Intellectual Property Rights infringement) and damages (including attorneys’ fees and court costs) in any and all jurisdictions arising from or relating to any allegation regarding: (1) your use of the Site; (2) the Site’s and/or Tribune Publishing’s use of any User Content or information you provide, as long as such use is not inconsistent with these Terms; (3) information or material provided through your registration account, even if not posted by you;(4) any violation of these Terms by you (including, without limitation, your breach of any representation, warranty, or covenant to Tribune Publishing under these Terms); and (5) any violation by you of any applicable law, rule, or regulation.

17. Statute of Limitations.

You agree to file any claim or other Dispute (as defined below) regarding any aspect of this Site or these Terms within six (6) months of the time in which the events giving rise to such claim began, or you agree to waive such claim. This statute of limitations provision does not apply to residents of New Jersey.

18. Disputes; Mandatory Arbitration; Class Action Waiver.

PLEASE READ THIS SECTION 18 CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND YOUR RIGHTS. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE STATED BELOW, YOU AND WE AGREE THAT ANY CLAIM THAT YOU OR WE MAY HAVE AGAINST THE OTHER MUST BE RESOLVED THROUGH BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION, AND NOT IN COURT OR AS PART OF ANY CLASS ACTION. DISCOVERY AND APPEAL RIGHTS ARE MORE LIMITED IN ARBITRATION.

For purposes of this Section 18 (including its subsections),, the term “Tribune Publishing” shall include any Tribune Indemnified Party.

The terms of this Section 18 apply to all Disputes, as defined below, even if the acts, omissions, or relationships giving rise to such Disputes occurred prior to this version of the Terms (or such modification). However, if you or we initiated an arbitration or lawsuit prior to this version of the Terms (or such modification), that arbitration or lawsuit will continue to be governed by the version of the Terms applicable when the arbitration or lawsuit was initiated.

If any provision in this Section 18 is deemed to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that provision shall be severed, with the rest of Section 18 of these Terms remaining in full force and effect. Each provision of this Section 18 applies to the maximum extent permitted by law whether or not so expressly stated.

18.1 Binding Arbitration and Class Action Waiver.

You and we agree that this agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce and that the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. § 1, et seq.) applies.

You and we agree to submit all Disputes between us to individual, binding arbitration under the provisions in this Section 18. A “Dispute” means any dispute, claim or controversy (except those specifically exempted below) between you and us that in any way arises out of, relates to or is connected with your subscription, your account, your use or attempted use of our website, your use or attempted use of our services, all marketing from us, these Central Terms of Service, the Subscription Terms and Conditions, the Privacy Policy, or any other agreement between you and us, including any disputes over the validity or enforceability of this agreement to arbitrate. A Dispute shall be subject to these Binding Arbitration and Class Action Waiver provisions regardless of whether it is based in contract, statute, regulation, ordinance, tort (including fraud, misrepresentation, fraudulent inducement or negligence), or any other legal or equitable theory.

You and we understand that there is no judge or jury in arbitration and that court review of an arbitration award may be limited.

Informal Negotiation Period
Our customer support department is available to address any concerns you may have. If you have a complaint about your subscription, please reach out to customer support as described in the Subscription Terms and Conditions . If you have a complaint related to your use of the Site or other services, contact us at attorney@tribpub.com . Most concerns are quickly resolved in this manner to our customers’ satisfaction. In an effort to accelerate resolution and reduce the cost of any Dispute between us, you and we agree to first attempt to negotiate the Dispute informally (an “Informal Negotiation”) for at least thirty (30) days before either party initiates any lawsuit or arbitration (the “Initial Dispute Resolution Period”). That period begins upon receipt of written notice from the party raising the Dispute. If we have a Dispute with you, we will send notice of that Dispute to your email or residential address you have provided to us. If you have a Dispute with us, you must notify us in writing at the following email address: attorney@tribpub.com using the subject line “Initial Dispute Resolution Notice.”
Your notice of Dispute must be individual to you and must include, as applicable, your name, the email address associated with your subscription or account, and your residential address. The notice of Dispute also must describe the Dispute, explain the facts of the Dispute as you understand them, and tell us what you want us to do to resolve the problem. The parties shall use their best efforts to settle any Dispute directly through consultation and good faith negotiations, and you agree that a notice of Dispute containing all of the information required above, followed by at least 30 days of good faith negotiation, are preconditions to either you or us initiating a lawsuit or arbitration. If you or we are represented by counsel, you and we will participate in the consultation and good faith negotiations along with your and our respective counsel. A notice of Dispute will not be valid, will not start the Initial Dispute Resolution Period, and will not allow you or us later to initiate a lawsuit or arbitration, unless it contains all of the information required by this paragraph. If either of us commences an arbitration without having previously complied with these Informal Negotiation requirements, you and we agree that the applicable arbitration provider (or the arbitrator, if one has been appointed) must suspend or dismiss the arbitration until the party that initiated it complies. You and we authorize the arbitration provider (or the arbitrator) to decide summarily whether the party that commenced an arbitration complied with the Informal Negotiation requirements.

The statute of limitations and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the Informal Negotiation process required by this paragraph.

Binding Arbitration
If a Dispute cannot be resolved through negotiations during the Initial Dispute Resolution Period, then either party may initiate binding arbitration as the sole means to formally resolve the Dispute unless an exception applies as stated below.

Except in the event of a Mass Arbitration (as defined below), the arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) in accordance with the AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules (“AAA Rules”) effective as of the date of the notice of Dispute, as modified by these Terms. The AAA Rules are available on AAA’s website, http://www.adr.org, or by calling AAA toll free at 1-800-778-7879. The arbitrator must follow applicable law. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on you and us, and any award of the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.

The arbitrator shall determine the scope and enforceability of this arbitration agreement, including whether a Dispute is subject to arbitration. The arbitrator has authority to decide all issues of validity, enforceability or arbitrability, including, but not limited to, where a party raises as a defense to arbitration that the claims in question are exempted from the arbitration requirement or that any portion of these Terms is not enforceable.

If a lawsuit filed in court includes claims or requests for relief that are arbitrable and claims or requests for relief that are not, you and we agree that any non-arbitrable claims or requests for relief shall be stayed pending the completion of the arbitration of the arbitrable claims or requests for relief.

Class and Collective Action Waiver
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND WE AGREE THAT EACH PARTY MAY BRING DISPUTES AGAINST THE OTHER PARTY ONLY IN AN INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A CLASS ACTION, COLLECTIVE ACTION OR CLASS ARBITRATION. The arbitrator shall be empowered to grant whatever relief would be available in a court under law or in equity, including but not limited to requests for public injunctive relief.
Claims Exempt from Arbitration
Notwithstanding the parties’ decision to resolve all Disputes through arbitration, either party may bring an action in state or federal court that only asserts claims for patent infringement or invalidity, copyright infringement, piracy, moral rights violations, trademark infringement, and/or trade secret misappropriation (“Excluded IP Claims”). Excluded IP Claims also are exempt from the Informal Negotiation provisions in Section 18.1(a) above. Any claims, disputes, proceedings, or actions for Excluded IP Claims and any other claim for which arbitration is denied shall be filed in the appropriate state or federal court located in Cook County, Illinois.
Notwithstanding the parties’ decision to resolve all Disputes through arbitration, either party also may seek relief in a small claims court for any individual disputes or claims within the scope of that court’s jurisdiction. If an arbitration is filed, then before the arbitrator is formally appointed, either party can send written notice to the opposing party and the applicable arbitration provider that it wants the case decided by a small claims court, after which the arbitration provider may close the case.

Exception – Mass Arbitration Before NAM
Notwithstanding the parties’ decision to have arbitrations administered by AAA, if 25 or more demands for arbitration are filed relating to the same or similar subject matter and sharing common issues of law or fact, and counsel for the parties submitting the demands are the same or coordinated, you and we agree that this will constitute a “Mass Arbitration.” If a Mass Arbitration is commenced, you and we agree that it shall not be governed by AAA Rules or administered by AAA. Instead, a Mass Arbitration shall be administered by National Arbitration & Mediation (“NAM”), a nationally recognized arbitration provider, and governed by the NAM rules in effect when the Mass Arbitration is filed as modified by these Terms, including the NAM Mass Filing Supplemental Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures, but excluding any rules that permit arbitration on a class-wide basis (collectively, the “NAM Rules”). The NAM Rules are available at http://www.namadr.com or by calling 1-800-358-2550. You and we agree that if either party fails or refuses to commence the Mass Arbitration before NAM rather than AAA, you or we may seek an order from AAA compelling compliance and directing administration of the Mass Arbitration before NAM. Pending resolution of any such requests, you and we agree that all arbitrations comprising the Mass Arbitration (and any obligation to pay arbitration fees) shall be stayed. If for any reason the provisions in this Section 18.1(e) are found to be unenforceable, or if for any reason NAM declines to administer the Mass Arbitration, then the Disputes comprising the Mass Arbitration shall be administered by AAA.
30 Day Right to Opt Out
You have the right to opt out and not be bound by the Binding Arbitration and Class Action Waiver provisions in this Section 18.1 by sending written notice of your decision to opt out to the following email address: attorney@tribpub.com, using the subject line “Arbitration Opt-Out.” The notice must be sent within 30 days of the date of your acceptance of these Terms; otherwise you shall be bound to arbitrate disputes in accordance with the terms of this Section 18.1. If you opt out of these arbitration provisions, we also will not be bound by them. Opting out of arbitration will not affect in any way the benefits to which you would otherwise be entitled.
Fees and Costs
Payment of arbitration fees shall be determined by the neutral arbitration provider’s rules, as modified by this agreement. We will reimburse you for any portion of the arbitration filing fees that are more than what you would otherwise have to pay to file suit in a court of law. You will not be required to pay any amounts incurred by us if you do not prevail in arbitration, unless the arbitrator determines that your claim was frivolous, in bad faith, or brought for harassment or an improper purpose, in which case the arbitrator may award us our attorney’s fees, expert witness fees, arbitration fees and/or costs.
Survival
The Binding Arbitration and Class Action Waiver provisions in Section 18.1 shall survive termination of these Terms and your use of our Site and services.
19. General Provisions.

19.1. Severability.

If for any reason any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid, void, or unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of the parties as reflected in that provision, and the remainder of these Terms shall continue in full force and effect.

19.2. No Waiver.

Any failure of Tribune Publishing to enforce or exercise any provision of these Terms or related right shall not constitute a waiver of that right or provision.

19.3. No Third-Party Beneficiaries.

You agree that, except as expressly provided in these Terms, there shall be no third-party beneficiaries to these Terms.

19.4. Section Titles; Subsection Titles.

The Section titles and Subsection titles used in these Terms are purely for convenience and carry with them no legal or contractual effect.

19.5. Termination.

You may discontinue your use of the Site or services at any time. If you have a subscription, you may cancel your subscription as described in the Subscription Terms and Conditions.

We may terminate these Terms and/or terminate, suspend, or disable your access to all or part of the Site or Content for any reason, including without limitation your breach of these Terms.

19.6. Survival.

The provisions of these Terms shall survive the termination of your account or access to all or part of the Site and the products and services we may provide you via the Site. You and Tribune Publishing agree that, in the event of the termination of these Terms for any reason, you agree the following provisions will survive: the provisions regarding limitations on your use of Content, the license(s) you have granted to the Site, the Disputes provisions, the disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability, and all other provisions for which survival is equitable or appropriate.

19.7. Governing Law.

These Terms, including any Disputes or conflicts related to these Terms or your use of the Site or Content, shall be governed by the laws of the State of Illinois without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

19.8 Conflicts.

In the case of a conflict between these Terms and the terms of any electronic or machine readable statement or policy, these Terms shall control. Similarly, in case of a conflict between these Terms and our Privacy Policy or our Cookie Policy , these Terms control unless otherwise required by law.

19.9. No Joint Venture, Partnership, or Agency.

No joint venture, partnership or agency relationship exists between you and Tribune Publishing. These Terms, our Privacy Policy , our Cookie Policy , any uses of the Site by you, and any information, products, or services provided by the Site to you do not create and shall not be construed to create a joint venture, partnership or agency relationship between you and the Site or Tribune Publishing.

19.10. Limitation of Liability and Disclaimer of Warranties Are Material Terms of These Terms.

You agree that the provisions of these Terms that limit liability, disclaim warranties, or concern Disputes between you and Tribune Publishing are essential terms of these Terms.

19.11. Entire Agreement.

These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and the Site and supersede all prior or contemporaneous understandings regarding such subject matter. No amendment to or modification of these Terms will be binding unless made in writing and signed by Tribune Publishing. No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of either party, any right or any power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right or power hereunder preclude further exercise of any other right hereunder.

20. Contact Us.

If you have questions about these Central Terms of Service or the Site, contact us at:

Tribune Publishing Company
1000 W. Albion Avenue
Schaumburg, Illinois 60193
United States of America