Terms & Conditions
The Terms & Conditions were last updated on February 16, 2026. The previous version of the Terms & Conditions can be found here.

Welcome to this website which is owned and operated by Christianbook, LLC (“Christianbook,” “we,” and “us”). These Terms & Conditions (also referred to below as the “Agreement”) constitute an agreement between you and Christianbook, and its affiliated and subsidiary companies, which governs the use of this website and any web page which is a part of this website, your registration with this website, and your purchase, receipt, and/or licensing of any material, product or service through this website or through telephone orders or mail orders through our catalogs or otherwise.

THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS ARE AN ENFORCEABLE CONTRACT BETWEEN US WHICH AFFECTS OUR RESPECTIVE LEGAL RIGHTS AND INCLUDES A MANDATORY INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION REQUIREMENT AND DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITIES, WHICH ARE SET FORTH BELOW.

We recommend you print out a copy of these Terms & Conditions for your records, and can download them here. Upon request by you or Christianbook, we each agree to sign and provide to each other a signed copy of these Terms & Conditions.

1. ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS

As noted above, by using this website, purchasing, receiving, and/or licensing any materials, products or services through this website, and/or registering with this website, you agree to be bound fully by the provisions below, without change, as are published at such time. You agree to use this website solely in accordance and compliance with the terms of this Agreement.

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS & CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE, VISIT ANY PAGE WHICH IS A PART OF THIS WEBSITE, REGISTER WITH THIS WEBSITE, OR RECEIVE, PURCHASE OR LICENSE ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH THIS WEBSITE.

2. MODIFICATIONS TO THIS AGREEMENT

These Terms & Conditions were last updated on Sep 30, 2020 and apply to all uses, purchases, or registrations occurring on or after that date. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change these Terms & Conditions at any time by posting a change notice or new agreement on this website, but such changes shall not apply retroactively. The previous version of the Terms & Conditions can be found here.

3. DISPUTES – THE REQUIREMENT TO ARBITRATE

We hold our relationships with our customers and all others using the Sites in the highest regard. On occasion, a third party may be necessary to help resolve Disputes (defined below) that may arise between you and Christianbook, and this Section of the Terms & Conditions (the “arbitration agreement”) limits you and Christianbook to arbitration (or small claims court, if a claim qualifies) in all such instances. This arbitration agreement constitutes a separate agreement between you and Christianbook which shall be interpreted and enforced without reference to any other provision of the Terms.

YOU AND CHRISTIANBOOK AGREE THAT ALL DISPUTES WHICH CANNOT BE RESOLVED INFORMALLY MUST BE RESOLVED THROUGH BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION OR IN SMALL CLAIMS COURT ONLY, AND YOU AND CHRISTIANBOOK WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL AND TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY CLASS ACTION OR CONSOLIDATED PROCEEDING.

All Disputes Covered. The term "Disputes" is defined broadly to include, without limitation, all disputes, complaints, claims, and controversies of any type, including, but not limited to, statutory, regulatory, constitutional, contractual, common law, and tax-related claims and controversies, as well as those involving allegations of negligence, fraud, and misrepresentation.

All Persons and Entities Covered. This arbitration agreement extends to all agents, attorneys, contractors, subcontractors, employees, service providers, and all others acting on behalf of you or Christianbook, including those on whose behalf you visit the Sites. In addition, it is binding on the heirs, successors, agents, and assigns of you and Christianbook, as well as all corporations and other business entities related in any way to Christianbook (including, but not limited to, parents, subsidiaries, and sibling corporations). If a Dispute involves parties who are not subject to this arbitration agreement, the involvement of such parties shall have no impact on the obligation imposed by this arbitration agreement on you, the Christianbook, and all other persons or entities covered by it.

Governing Law. This arbitration agreement is governed exclusively by the Federal Arbitration Act (FAA), 9 U.S.C. §§ 1 et seq., and not any state or local laws. You and Christianbook agree that this arbitration agreement involves interstate commerce under the FAA.

Opt-Out Rights. You have the right to opt out of this arbitration agreement by sending a written notice expressly stating “I opt out of the arbitration requirement” or words to that effect by email to Christianbook at privacy@christianbook.com, or by writing to us at Christianbook, LLC, Attn: Vice-President – Internet Marketing, P.O. Box 8000, 140 Summit Street, Peabody, MA 01961-8000 within thirty (30) days after you first agree to these Terms & Conditions. Opting out of this arbitration agreement has no effect on any other arbitration agreements that you may currently have, or may enter in the future, with Christianbook, nor does it eliminate or change any other rights or requirements of the Terms & Conditions.

Mandatory Informal Settlement Process. Before initiating an arbitration or small claims court case, you and Christianbook must first participate in the informal dispute resolution process as follows:

(a) To start the informal settlement process, the party initiating any Dispute (“Claimant”) must send a signed, written statement (“Claim Statement”) to the other party (“Respondent”). The Claim Statement must include the Claimant’s full name, mailing address, email address, the date(s) the Dispute arose, a detailed explanation of the facts relevant to the Dispute, and a proposal for resolving it, including any claimed amount and how that amount was calculated. The Respondent may request additional information, and the Claimant agrees to reasonably investigate and provide additional information responsive to the Respondent’s request. You agree to send Claim Statement by email to Christianbook at privacy@christianbook.com, or by certified mail, return receipt requested to Christianbook, LLC, Attn: Vice-President – Internet Marketing, P.O. Box 8000, 140 Summit Street, Peabody, MA 01961-8000.

(b) If the Claimant is represented by an attorney, the Claim Statement must authorize the Respondent to share information about the Dispute with the named attorney. The Claimant’s attorney must sign the Claim Statement under oath or penalty of perjury, in accordance with 28 U.S.C. § 1746 or similar state laws, certifying compliance with Rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure (“Rule 11”). The certified Claim Statement will be admissible in any arbitration or other proceeding related to or arising out of the Dispute.

(c) Once a Claim Statement meeting the requirements of this arbitration agreement is received by the Respondent, the Claimant and Respondent shall work in good faith to resolve the Dispute for a period of at least 60 days. Sending the Claim Statement pauses any applicable statutes of limitations for this 60-day period starting from the date the Respondent receives a Claim Statement compliant with these requirements.

(d) Failure to complete in good faith the informal settlement process is a material breach of this arbitration agreement and the Terms & Conditions. Any arbitration or small claims court action filed under this arbitration agreement must state affirmatively that theClaimant has completed in good faith the informal settlement process. No arbitrator may be appointed to hear a Dispute nor any small claims court action filed if the requirements of the informal settlement process have not been satisfied.

(e) At the end of the informal settlement process, unresolved Disputes from the Claim Statement, and no others, can then and only then be pursued on an individual basis only either in (1) binding individual arbitration (as provided for below), or (2) small claims court, if the requirements for proceeding in small claims court are satisfied.

No Class Actions. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, AND EXCEPT AS SPECIFIED IN THE MASS ARBITRATION RULES, BELOW, YOU AND CHRISTIANBOOK AGREE THAT ALL DISPUTES MUST BE RESOLVED INDIVIDUALLY, AND NOT VIA CLASS ACTION, EVEN IF THE REQUIREMENT TO ARBITRATE IS FOUND TO BE UNENFORCEABLE FOR ANY REASON.

This means that in connection with any and all Disputes: (a) neither you nor Christianbook can file or participate in a class action, consolidated action, or representative action; (b) an arbitrator cannot combine claims from multiple claimants or oversee a consolidated, class, or representative action; and (c) an arbitrator’s decision or award will apply only to a specific claimant’s Dispute and no others. This section does not limit the relief available to you or Christianbook in individual arbitration or small claims court, nor does it restrict either party’s right to settle Disputes by mutual agreement, including through class-wide settlements via mediation or other means.

Fees and Costs. You and Christianbook are each responsible for their own costs and attorneys’ fees in connection with all Disputes. However, either party may seek to recover such fees and costs if allowed by applicable law or arbitration rules. If an arbitrator finds that a claim or counterclaim was made or prosecuted in bad faith, for an improper purpose, to exert undue pressure, or was entirely frivolous, the arbitrator may award costs, arbitration fees, and attorneys’ fees to the defending party to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law or arbitration rules.

Changes to Arbitration Agreement. If Christianbook changes this arbitration agreement after you last accepted the Terms, you can reject those changes by sending written notice within 30 days of the effective date of such changes to Christianbook at privacy@christianbook.com, or by writing to us at Christianbook, LLC, Attn: Vice-President – Internet Marketing, P.O. Box 8000, 140 Summit Street, Peabody, MA 01961-8000. The notice must include your full name, e-mail address and mailing address, and clearly state that you reject the arbitration agreement changes. By rejecting these changes, you agree to arbitrate any dispute based on the version of the arbitration agreement that was in effect when you last agreed to the Terms. Rejecting arbitration agreement changes has no effect on any other provision of the Terms & Conditions.

Improperly Commenced Arbitration. If either party believes the other party has started or is about to start an arbitration in violation of this arbitration agreement (including the Mass Arbitration Rules set forth below), you and Christianbook agree that that party can request a court order to stop the arbitration and that any arbitration related to such a court action shall be stayed until the court action is concluded. The court in such action shall have the authority to order the payment of costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees upon a finding that an arbitration was knowingly commenced in violation of this arbitration agreement.

Survival. The arbitration agreement will survive and remain in effect even after your relationship with Christianbook has ended and despite any action seeking to terminate any agreement between you and Christianbook.

Severability. Except as expressly provided in the Mass Arbitration Rules, below, if any part of the arbitration agreement is found to be unenforceable, the remaining provisions will still apply to the fullest extent allowed by law.

ARBITRATION RULES AND REQUIREMENTS

General Rules. In arbitration, there is no judge or jury, but the arbitrator has the authority to hear all Disputes and grant the same relief a court could. The arbitrator must interpret and apply the Terms and this arbitration agreement just as a court would. The results of an arbitration shall have no effect on other Disputes between you and Christianbook, and shall not be binding in any Disputes involving Christianbook and parties other than you. Any court with proper authority and jurisdiction can enforce this arbitration agreement, including any matters related to Mass Arbitration, as defined below. The court shall have full authority to prevent the filing or continuation of any arbitration and the imposition of fees and costs associated with any arbitration threatened or commenced in violation of this arbitration agreement. All decisions by an arbitrator, including any awards, can be enforced or confirmed in any court with proper jurisdiction, but they shall have no precedential effect in any other arbitration.

Delegation. Except as expressly provided in connection with the Mass Arbitration Rules below, all matters relating to the existence, scope, and enforceability of this arbitration agreement shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be decided in arbitration. This provision does not limit either party’s right to challenge in a court of competent jurisdiction an improperly threatened or commenced arbitration. The determination of these issues in one arbitration shall not be binding or admissible in any other arbitration.

Offer of Settlement. In any arbitration or small claims action between you and Christianbook, the Respondent may choose to make a written settlement offer at any time after the initiation of an arbitration but is under no obligation to do so. The settlement offer amount and its terms will not be revealed to any arbitrator or small claims court until after an award (including any dispositive decision) is made. To the fullest extent permitted by law, if the award is less than the settlement offer or favors the Respondent, the Claimant must pay the Respondent’s arbitration fees and costs incurred after the offer to the fullest extent permitted by law and governing arbitration rules.

Individual Versus Mass Arbitrations. The arbitration process will vary depending on whether the Dispute is pursued individually or as part of a Mass Arbitration (defined below). These individual arbitration rules (set forth below) do not apply to Disputes that are part of a Mass Arbitration except in connection with the limited bellwether arbitrations described in the Mass Arbitration Rules.

AAA Arbitrations. If the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) is for any reason whatsoever unavailable, unable, or unwilling to handle an arbitration assigned to it under this arbitration agreement (including as a result of any aspect of this arbitration agreement which does not meet with the AAA’s approval), or otherwise finds that it cannot arbitrate a Dispute, you and Christianbook will negotiate in good faith to choose an alternative arbitrator or organization to conduct the arbitration in accordance with the requirements of this arbitration agreement. If no such choice can be agreed upon, the parties shall jointly ask a court to appoint an arbitrator or arbitration organization under 9 U.S.C. § 5 to conduct the arbitration in accordance with the requirements of this arbitration agreement.

Individual Arbitration Rules. All individual arbitrations (those not subject to the Mass Arbitration Rules, below) shall be before a single arbitrator of the AAA. Arbitrations involving consumers will be governed by this arbitration agreement and the AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules (“Consumer Rules”) and the AAA Consumer Due Process Protocol. However, the Consumer Rules shall only apply if the Dispute involves or is related to goods or services offered or purchased for personal or household use, and not goods or services offered or purchased for any other use or purpose, including in support of a business, job, or profession or for resale. Arbitrations not governed by the Consumer Rules shall be governed by this arbitration agreement and the AAA Commercial Arbitration Rules and the AAA Optional Appellate Rules. If there is a conflict between this arbitration agreement and any applicable AAA rules and protocols, the terms of this arbitration agreement shall control.

For consumer arbitrations where claims or counterclaims are under $15,000 USD each (exclusive of attorneys’ fees, costs, injunctive relief, and punitive or exemplary damages), the case will be decided without appearances, based only on submitted documents (including sworn statements) under R-29 of the Consumer Rules (or its successor under the AAA Consumer Rules). However, the arbitrator may permit reasonable and appropriate discovery (proportionate to the Dispute amount and not imposing undue cost or hardship on either of the parties), and may also allow a hearing by phone or video conference, unless, in the arbitrator’s sole discretion, fairness requires an in-person hearing and the cost of an in-person hearing is reasonable compared to the Dispute amount.

All decisions by an arbitrator, including any awards, can be enforced or confirmed in any court with proper jurisdiction, but they shall have no precedential effect in any other arbitration.

To begin an arbitration with the AAA, the informal settlement process outlined above must first be completed. Afterward, the claiming party must send a letter describing the Dispute, including any amount claimed, and requesting arbitration to the American Arbitration Association Case Filing Services, 1101 Laurel Oak Road, Suite 100, Voorhees, NJ 08043 or by filing a request online through the AAA website.

Any attorney representing a Claimant must sign, under oath or penalty of perjury, a Rule 11 certification with regard to the arbitration demand, which certification shall be included with any arbitration demand under this arbitration agreement. This certification will be admissible in any arbitration or court proceeding, and the arbitrator shall have the authority to impose sanctions as provided for by Rule 11 to the fullest extent permitted by governing arbitration rules.

Mass Arbitration Rules. If 25 or more claimants (each a “Mass Arbitration Claimant”) or their lawyers file or disclose to Christianbook an intention to file demands for arbitration against Christianbook raising substantially identical Disputes, and counsel for the claimants are the same or coordinated across these Disputes (a “Mass Arbitration”), these special Mass Arbitration Rules shall exclusively govern, to the exclusion of any other rules applying to mass arbitrations published by any arbitration organization, including the AAA.

Any dispute concerning whether these Mass Arbitration Rules apply or challenging the enforceability of any of these Mass Arbitration Rules may only be resolved by a court of competent jurisdiction, and no arbitrator shall be appointed in the event of a dispute concerning the enforceability of these Mass Arbitration Rules in the absence of such a court determination except by written agreement of the parties.

Each Mass Arbitration Claimant must satisfy the informal settlement process outlined above before proceeding to arbitration, including the requirement of a signed certification of counsel under oath or penalty of perjury (consistent with 28 U.S.C. § 1746 or similar state laws) of compliance with Rule 11. Arbitrators in any resulting arbitrations will have the authority to impose sanctions as allowed by Rule 11 to the fullest extent permitted by governing arbitration rules. Lawyers representing the Mass Arbitration Claimants shall also certify, under oath, that no other attorney represents any of the Mass Arbitration Claimants in connection with Disputes raised during the informal settlement process.

If the informal settlement process fails for any of the Mass Arbitration Claimants, counsel for the parties will each select up to three (3) Mass Arbitration Claimants (totaling no more than six (6) with an equal number selected by counsel for the Mass Arbitration Claimants and counsel for Christianbook) for bellwether arbitrations which will be decided individually under the Individual Arbitration Rules, above, with each case assigned to a different arbitrator. Any other arbitration claims which have been filed by other Mass Arbitration Claimants shall be dismissed without prejudice before the bellwether arbitrations can commence.

All bellwether arbitrations must be completed within 120 days of their commencement unless otherwise agreed in writing. No further arbitration demands can be filed by Mass Arbitration Claimants during the pendency of the bellwether arbitrations or during the subsequent mandatory mediation process described next.

After the bellwether cases are resolved, the parties’ counsel will promptly participate in good faith in non-binding, confidential mediation for at least 60 days to resolve all remaining Disputes of the Mass Arbitration Claimants. This mediation will be conducted by a mediator mutually agreed to by counsel for the parties.

To prevent the Disputes asserted by the Mass Arbitration Claimants from expiring, all statutes of limitation for their Disputes will be paused until the completion of the informal settlement process, the bellwether arbitrations, and mandatory mediation, as described above.

Mass Arbitration Claimants whose claims remain unresolved after mediation can only pursue their disputes in small claims court (if eligible) or through a documents-only arbitration with FairClaims, Inc. (and not with the AAA or any other arbitrator or arbitration-sponsoring organization). The applicable FairClaims rules shall be either those for Small Claims or the Fast Track rules depending on the claim amount, as set forth here. Decisions from the bellwether arbitrations can be used in FairClaims arbitrations for their persuasive value only, but shall not be binding. Discovery obtained in the bellwether cases may be used in connection with FairClaims arbitrations subject to appropriate confidentiality protections.

Each of the requirements of these Mass Arbitration Rules are material and mandatory, including the use of FairClaims for unresolved Disputes. If any such requirement is determined to be unenforceable for any reason in a court decision as to which further review is foreclosed, and as to which all available motions, appeals, and petitions for review have been resolved fully or not timely pursued (a “Final Determination”), all unresolved Disputes between the Mass Arbitration Claimants and Christianbook shall be resolved in the courts of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Christianbook shall have the right to request such a case be removed to federal court if it so qualifies. In any court action filed under this provision as a class action and qualifies as such, the class of plaintiffs shall be strictly limited to Mass Arbitration Claimants who have satisfied the informal settlement process and whose disputes remain unresolved after mediation.

If any arbitrations filed by or for Mass Arbitration Claimants are still pending after a Final Determination, those Mass Arbitration Claimants must immediately dismiss their arbitrations without prejudice. A ruling that the Mass Arbitration Rules or any aspect of them are unenforceable will not affect the validity or enforceabilityof any other parts of this arbitration agreement or any other part of the Terms & Conditions.

4. PRIVACY AND SECURITY

Please read our Privacy Policy which is incorporated into these Terms & Conditions and governs your use of this website. By visiting this website, registering with this website, or purchasing or licensing products or services through this website, you agree with and consent to our Privacy Policy, including the information collection, analysis, and usage practices it describes. To the extent there is a conflict between the Privacy Policy and these Terms & Conditions, these Terms & Conditions will control to the fullest extent permitted by law.

5. PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS

We work hard to be as accurate as possible. The materials, products and services provided or offered for sale or license through the use of this website contain descriptions that are provided by our suppliers, vendors, and licensors. We do not warrant or represent that such descriptions are complete and accurate. Errors will be corrected when discovered and we reserve the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any error, inaccuracy, or omission (including after an order has been submitted by you or an order confirmation has been sent by us). If a product offered by us is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it to us in unused condition. We also reserve the right to limit the order quantity on any item.

6. CHRISTIANBOOK GIFT CARDS TERMS & CONDITIONS

The following are the terms and conditions applicable to your Christianbook gift card. Christianbook gift cards are issued by Christianbook, LLC. Your purchase, acceptance, and/or use of a Christianbook gift card constitutes your acceptance of these terms and conditions.

Christianbook gift cards cannot be used to purchase gift cards and may only be used toward the purchase of eligible goods provided by Christianbook and its affiliates. Eligible goods Christianbook gift cards cannot be used to purchase gift cards and may only be used toward the purchase of eligible goods provided by Christianbook and its affiliates. Eligible goods and services are subject to change in our sole discretion. Gift cards are not redeemable for cash and cannot be returned for a cash refund, except to the extent required by law. Gift cards are not re-sellable. The risk of loss and title for gift cards pass to the purchaser upon our electronic transmission or mailing of the gift card to the purchaser or recipient. We are not responsible for pricing, typographical, or other errors, related to gift cards and reserve the right to cancel any orders resulting from such errors. If we suspect any fraud or misuse in connection with a gift card, we reserve the right in our discretion to suspend or terminate use of the gift card. We are not responsible for and will not replace lost or stolen gift cards.

The use of the gift card is limited to the balance of the funds held on the gift card. The full amount of each purchase, including taxes, will be deducted from the funds held on the gift card, up to the total balance of the funds available on the gift card. Any unused balance will be maintained in the recipient's gift card account and is not transferable. If you make a purchase through your gift card and there are insufficient funds held on the gift card to cover that purchase, you must pay the difference by a valid credit card or debit card or through PayPal, if you are a US customer. Your right to use the funds on the gift card is a limited right, subject to these terms and conditions and applicable law.

Gift cards are valid for seven (7) years from the date of purchase and will expire after that time. No fees apply to gift cards.

7. ADDITIONAL TERMS

Certain specific features, functions, and sections of this website and the receipt, purchase and licenseof products and services through the use of this website may be subject to additional posted terms including codes of conduct, governing the use of such features, functions, and sections, and the purchase of such products and services. These additional posted terms and conditions as exist at the time of your use, registration, receipt, or purchase are expressly incorporated in this Agreement. To the extent there is a conflict between these additional posted terms and these Terms & Conditions, these Terms & Conditions will control to the fullest extent permitted by law.

Our Payment Options are available here.
Our Shipping Options are available here.
Our Returns Policy is available here.
Our Music Download Policy is available here.
Information about our Affiliate Program is available here.
Our Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) feature is available here.

8. PROPER USAGE

You agree to use this website, and to purchase and/or request materials, products and services through the use of this website, only for your own personal, noncommercial use unless you are in an express business relationship with Christianbook. You agree not to use this website (a) in any unlawful manner or in any manner that creates civil or criminal liability on the part of Christianbook or is otherwise harmful to Christianbook; (b) in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, impair, impede, disrupt, or alter this website; and (c) in any manner that would interfere, impair, impede, or disrupt the use of this website by any third party. You agree not to post on or transmit through this website or to submit to Christianbook for inclusion, use or distribution on this website or for any other purposes any material that is unlawful; libelous; constitutes an invasion of privacy; harmful; threatening; abusive; harassing; defamatory; vulgar; obscene; sexually explicit; profane; hateful; racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable in any manner; constitutes a breach of your contractual and/or fiduciary obligations; infringes on any third-party patent, trademark, trade name, corporate name, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary or property rights; or, contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms or other code, scripts, routines, files or programs designed to alter, interrupt, impede, limit or destroy the performance and/or functioning of any software, hardware, or other equipment. You agree not to engage in (a) scraping any text, media, or other data from this website, including through the use of scripts, robots, bots, spiders, scrapers, crawlers, or other automated means; (b) text and data mining of content from this website, including where collected through the use of robots or other automated data gathering and/or extraction tools; and (c) training any machine learning or AI model using data or content from this website, or otherwise ingesting any data or content from this website into a machine learning or AI model Christianbook reserves the right in its sole discretion to prohibit any conduct, communications, content, or use of this website, and to remove any content or communications, which in its sole discretion it finds objectionable or unacceptable in any manner

9. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

A. Christianbook.com, the Christianbook.com logos, Christianbook, the Christianbook logos, Christian Book Distributors, the Christian Book Distributors logos, CBD, the open book logo, 1-800-CHRISTIAN, Pennywise Learning, Pennywiselearning.com, iChristian.com, the iChristian logo, the Christian Books Direct logo, AllBibles, Allbibles.com, the Allbibles.com logo, The Homeschool Compass, Homeschoolcompass.com, The Homeschool Compass logo, Wordkeeper, and the Wordkeeper Bible Cover logo are trademarksorregistered trademarks owned by Christianbook or its affiliated companies. Other trademarks, registered trademarks, trade names, product names, corporate names, graphics and logos used on this website are owned by their respective owners. All rights in and to such trademarks, registered trademarks, trade names, product names, corporate names, graphics and logos are reserved to their respective owners. No license or permission is given to you to use such trademarks, registered trademarks, trade names, product names, corporate names, graphics or logos in any manner. B. The copyright in this website, the content of this website, including, without limitation, all text, media, and data, and the software utilized in this website are owned by Christianbook and its suppliers and licensors. All rights in and to such copyrights are reserved to their respective owners including for the purposes of Article 4(3) of Directive 2019/790/EC and its implementing or related legislation in all EEA member states. No license or permission is given to you to use such copyrighted material in any manner except as otherwise specifically agreed by Christianbook and/or its suppliers and licensors. C. You may not remove, modify, or alter in any manner any notice regarding copyright, trademark, proprietary rights, warranty information, disclaimers, or warnings which are included in or on this website or any service or product offered for use or sale through this website. D. THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE, THE CONTENT OF THIS WEBSITE, THE SOFTWARE UTILIZED BY THIS WEBSITE, AND ANY SERVICE OR PRODUCT OFFERED FOR SALE OR LICENSE THROUGH THIS WEBSITE, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PERMITTED, IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED AND SHALL CONSTITUTE AN INFRINGEMENT ON THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS AND OTHER RIGHTS OF CHRISTIANBOOK AND ITS LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS AND MAY SUBJECT YOU TO CIVIL AND CRIMINAL PENALTIES, INCLUDING POSSIBLE MONETARY DAMAGES, FOR COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT.

10. CONTENT SUBMITTED BY YOU

You agree that all logos, graphics, artwork, text, and other content submitted by you for inclusion, use or distribution on this website or for any other purposes shall be in accordance with and in compliance with the Proper Usage requirements contained in Section 8 of this Agreement. By submitting such content to Christianbook, you warrant, represent, and agree that (a) you have the authority to grant the rights to such content which are being granted hereunder; (b) you own and/or control all rights in and to such content; (c) such content does not contain any material that is unlawful; libelous; constitutes an invasion of privacy; harmful; threatening; abusive; harassing; defamatory; vulgar; obscene; sexually explicit; profane; hateful; racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable in any manner; constitutes a breach of your contractual and/or fiduciary obligations; infringes on any third-party patent, trademark, trade name, corporate name, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary or property rights; or, contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms or other code, scripts, routines, files or programs designed to alter, interrupt, impede, limit or destroy the performance and/or functioning of any software, hardware, or other equipment; and (d) such content is in compliance with the Proper Usage requirements contained in Section 8 of this Agreement. You will be solely responsible and liable for any claims, costs, and damages arising from any infringement of copyright, trademark, patent or other proprietary rights and any other claims, costs, and damages arising from Christianbook’s inclusion, use or distribution of all content submitted by you. Christianbook neither assumes, has, or will have any responsibility or liability for any claims, costs, and damages arising from any infringement of copyright, trademark, patent or other proprietary rights or any other claims, costs, and damages arising from Christianbook’s inclusion, use or distribution of all content submitted by you. You herebygrant to Christianbook, and its affiliated, subsidiary and related companies, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, unlimited, worldwide right and license to use, reproduce, publish, translate, sublicense, copy, and distribute all such content submitted by you, in whole or in part, and/or to incorporate such content in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or hereafter developed for the full term of any copyright that may exist in such content.

11. CLAIMS OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT

Christianbook recognizes and respects the importance of intellectual property rights and endeavors to take all steps to protect the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that this website, the content of this website, software utilized on this website, or any service or product available for use or sale through this website constitutes an infringement of your copyright, trademark, patent or other proprietary or contractual rights, please advise Christianbook immediately by sending written notice specifying all elements of your claim of infringement to:

Christianbook, LLC
Attn: Vice President - Internet Marketing
P. O. Box 8000
140 Summit Street
Peabody, MA 01961-8000

12. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND CERTAIN DAMAGES

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THIS WEBSITE, THE CONTENT OF THIS WEBSITE, THE SOFTWARE UTILIZED BY THIS WEBSITE, AND ALL MATERIALS, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OFFERED FOR SALE, DISTRIBUTION OR LICENSE THROUGH THIS WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS AND CHRISTIANBOOK MAKES NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THIS WEBSITE, THE CONTENT OF THIS WEBSITE, THE SOFTWARE UTILIZED BY THIS WEBSITE, OR THE MATERIALS, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OFFERED FOR SALE, DISTRIBUTION OR LICENSE THROUGH THIS WEBSITE.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, CHRISTIANBOOK ALSO DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE, REGISTRATION WITH THIS WEBSITE, AND THE RECEIPT, PURCHASE OR LICENSING OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES VIA THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY OR OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, CHRISTIANBOOK MAKES NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION, AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE TRUTH, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY, OR CURRENCY OF ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THIS WEBSITE, OR IN THE CONTENT OF THIS WEBSITE.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, CHRISTIANBOOK MAKES NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION, AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, THAT THE OPERATION OF THIS WEBSITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE OR THAT THIS WEBSITE IS FREE OF VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, WORMS OR OTHER CODE, SCRIPTS, ROUTINES, FILES OR PROGRAMS DESIGNED TO ALTER, INTERRUPT, IMPEDE, LIMIT OR DESTROY THE PERFORMANCE AND/OR FUNCTIONING OF ANY SOFTWARE, HARDWARE, OR OTHER EQUIPMENT.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, CHRISTIANBOOK SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFITS OR DAMAGE TO ANCILLARY OR ATTACHED EQUIPMENT OR COMPONENTS THEREOF OR FOR LOSS OR NON-RECOVERABILITY OF ANY DATA OR STORED INFORMATION RELATING TO YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE, THE SOFTWARE UTILIZED BY THIS WEBSITE, OR ANY MATERIAL, PRODUCT OR SERVICE RECEIVED, PURCHASED OR LICENSED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE PROVIDED THAT THE FOREGOING LIMITATION ON INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES DOES NOT APPLY TO INDIVIDUALS WHO BUY, LEASE, BORROW OR BAIL PROPERTY OR SERVICES PRIMARILY FOR PERSONAL, FAMILY OR HOUSEHOLD PURPOSES.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, CHRISTIANBOOK’S LIABILITY FOR ANY ALLEGEDLY DEFECTIVE PRODUCT PURCHASED OR LICENSED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT OF THE PURCHASE PRICE OR LICENSE FEE PAID.
CHRISTIANBOOK NEITHER ASSUMES NOR AUTHORIZES ANY OTHER PERSON TOASSUME FOR CHRISTIANBOOK ANY OTHER LIABILITIES OR OBLIGATIONS. THESE LIMITATIONS APPLY TO RESIDENTS OF THE STATE OF NEW JERSEY, AMONG OTHERS. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW FOR EXCLUSION OR LIMITATIONS OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, AND OTHER LIMITATIONS ON DAMAGES AND SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE.

13. INDEMNIFICATION

YOU AGREE TO, AND HEREBY DO, INDEMNIFY AND HOLD CHRISTIANBOOK HARMLESS FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL LIABILITIES, DAMAGES, LOSSES, COSTS, AND EXPENSES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ATTORNEY'S FEES,TO ANY THIRD PARTY ARISING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE, THE CONTENT OF THIS WEBSITE, THE SOFTWARE UTILIZED BY THIS WEBSITE, OR ANY MATERIAL, PRODUCT OR SERVICE RECEIVED, PURCHASED OR LICENSED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE PROVIDED THAT THE FOREGOING INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATION DOES NOT APPLY TO INDIVIDUALS WHO BUY, LEASE, BORROW OR BAIL PROPERTY OR SERVICES PRIMARILY FOR PERSONAL, FAMILY OR HOUSEHOLD PURPOSES.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AGREE TO, AND HEREBY DO, INDEMNIFY AND HOLD CHRISTIANBOOK HARMLESS FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL LIABILITIES, DAMAGES, LOSSES, COSTS, AND EXPENSES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ATTORNEY'S FEES, ARISING FROM YOUR BREACH OF OR DEFAULT UNDER THE WITHIN AGREEMENT, OR ARISING FROM YOUR OWN NEGLIGENT OR WRONGFUL CONDUCT.

14. APPLICABLE LAW, JURISDICTION ANDVENUE

This website is created, controlled, owned and operated by Christianbook in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Except with regard to arbitration and provisions regarding dispute resolution (Paragraph 3, above), which are governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts shall govern and control the interpretation and enforcement of this Agreement.

If for any reason a claim or dispute proceeds in court of general jurisdiction rather than in arbitration or small claims court are required by Section 3, above, as the result of a decision of an arbitrator or a court order by a court of competent jurisdiction, you and Christianbook each hereby consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and subject matter jurisdiction of any of the courts in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, whether federal or state, for any purpose or matter pertaining directly or indirectly to these Terms & Conditions, arising from or in connection with the performance of these Terms & Conditions, arising from or in connection with your use of this website, arising from or in connection with your receipt, purchase or licensing of services, materials and products through this website, or arising from or in connection with the actions of Christianbook or its agents and you and Christianbook each agree that any such action or proceeding shall be commenced and maintained only in a court, whether federal or state, in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. This provision shall not be construed as a waiver by either party of any provision of Section 3, above, and the parties reaffirm their understanding that Section 3 limits dispute resolution to individual arbitration and individual small claims court pursuant to and in accordance with the requirements of Section 3.

15. THIRD-PARTY CONTENT, LINKS, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

You understand and acknowledge that this website and certain content available via the use of this website may include materials from third parties, including users, and that Christianbook may provide links to certain third-party web- sites. You acknowledge and agree that Christianbook is not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy of any such third-party material or websites. Christianbook does not warrant or endorse and does not assume andwill not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materialsorwebsites, or for any other materials, products, or programs of third parties. Links to other websites are provided solely as a convenience to you. Certain products and services available for purchase and use through the use of this website are subject to separate license, terms of use and other agreements. You agree that your use or purchase of such products and services shall be and is subject to the terms and conditions of such license, terms of use or other agreement and that you shall comply with the terms and conditions of such license, terms of use, or other agreement.

16. COMPLIANCE WITH U.S. EXPORT LAWS

You agree to comply with the provisions of all applicable U.S. customs and other laws relating to the export and re-export of certain technology and other information and materials and not to sell, export, distribute, or transfer in any manner, electronically or otherwise, any products or materials received or purchased through the use of this website or any content or other materials contained on this website or employed by this website.

17. RISK OF LOSS

The risk of loss for and title to all products purchased by you through the use of this website passes to you upon our delivery to the carrier.

18. ACCESS TO DIGITAL PRODUCTS

Your access to any digital product, including, without limitation, eBooks, audio books, and digital music, through this website may be terminated at any time without notice in Christianbook’s sole discretion. It is suggested that upon your purchase of a digital product through this website you download such digital product to your personal computer. The maximum number of downloads and installations of certain digital products may be restricted to six devices or fewer.

19. PRICING

A. The "Retail Price" listed for products and services offered for sale through the use of this website represents the full retail price listed on the product, the retail price suggested by Christianbook’s suppliers, vendors, or licensors, or the retail price as estimated in accordance with standard practice. Such "Retail Price" is a comparative estimate only and may not represent the prevailing retail price in every geographical location at a particular moment. B. The purchase price for products and services offered for sale through the use of this website may increase or decrease between the time an item is placed in your shopping cart and the time the purchase of such item is actually made by completion of the check-out process. You will be responsible for the payment of the purchase price in effect at the time the purchase of an item is actually made by completion of the checkout process. C. The purchase price for products and services offered for sale through the use of this website may be incorrectly stated on the website. In the event the purchase price for an item is incorrectly stated, Christianbook may, in its sole discretion, (i) contact you for instructions before shipping the item and charging you for such item; (ii) cancel the order and notify you of the cancellation; or (iii) ship the item to you at the lower of the incorrectly stated price or the actual purchase price. This Pricing Policy only applies to products and services sold and shipped directly by Christianbook. Products and services sold by third parties through the use of this website are subject to the pricing policies of such third parties.

20. SALES TAX INFORMATION

Goods and services sold by Christianbook that are shipped to locations in the United States, and its territories, may be subject to sales tax. Goods and services sold by Christianbook that are shipped to locations in Australia may be subject to a goods and services tax. The list of states and U.S. territories in which Christianbook collects sales taxes on goods and services sold by Christianbook is available here. The amount of sales tax collected on your order is calculated based on a variety of factors including the category of the goods or services purchased; the date and time the order is fulfilled; the location of the place of fulfillment; and, the location of the shipment or delivery address contained on your order. Any of these factors may change between the time an order is placed by you and the time that shipment is complete which may result in a change in the amount of tax calculated on your order.

When you confirm your order during the “Check Out” process, Christianbook will provide you with an “Estimated Tax.” The amount of the “Estimated Tax” may be recalculated at the time your order is finalized and complete. The tax rate that will be applied to your order shall be the combined state and local tax rates of the location to which your order is delivered or from which your order is fulfilled. No sales tax is collected on gift cards sold on the website provided that purchases paid for with gift cards may be subject to sales tax.

You or your organization may be qualified to make purchases from Christianbook that are exempt from state or territorial sales and/or use tax. By applying with us for a tax exemption, you confirm and acknowledge that you have provided us with the necessary certificate and/or other documents required by the state or U.S. territory in which you qualify for the exemption, that the information contained therein is complete and accurate, that the exemption claimed is recognized as valid by the state or U.S. territory in which you qualify for the exemption, and that the items for which you claim the exemption qualify for the exemption in the state or U.S. territory in which you qualify for the exemption.

21. AGE OF USER

If you are under the age of eighteen (18) years, you may use this website and receive, purchase or license materials, products and services through the use of this website only with the involvement and under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian. This website is not designed or intended for persons under the age of thirteen (13).

22. TERMINATION OF USAGE

Christianbook shall have the right at any time, with or without cause, and with or without notice to you to (i) cancel any order; (ii) terminate or suspend your right to use or access this website; or (iii) terminate or suspend your right to receive or purchase any material, product or service through the use of this website.

23. YOUR ACCOUNT

In order to purchase products or services through the use of this website, you must either establish an account with Christianbook or purchase such products or services as a guest. You are solely responsible for (i) maintaining the security and confidentiality of your account and your account password; (ii) restricting access to your computer and your account; and (iii) keeping your email address listed on your account current. You are solely responsible and liable for all activities, including, without limitation, all purchases of products and services through the use of this website that occur under your account or your account password. You acknowledge and agree that Christianbook may access, preserve, and disclose your account information, all content submitted by you, all communications to and from you, all information relating to your use of this website, and all information relating to the use of this website under your account or account password if Christianbook is required to do so by law or legal process or if Christianbook determines, in its sole discretion, that such action is necessary to protect the rights of Christianbook, third parties, and other users of this website or for purposes of responding to your request for customer service.

24. ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS

You consent to receive electronic communications from Christianbook either in the form of email sent to youat the email address listed on your account or by communications posted on this website. You acknowledge and agree that any electronic communication in the form of such email or posting on this website shall satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing.

25. NOTICES

All notices to you will be sent by email to the email address listed on your account or by first class mail, postage prepaid, to you at the mailing address listed on your account. All notices to Christianbook shall be sent by email to customer.service@christianbook.com or by first class mail, postage prepaid, to:

Christianbook, LLC
Attn: Vice President - Internet Marketing
P.O. Box 8000
140 Summit Street
Peabody, MA 01961-8000

26. RIGHT TO CONSULT AN ATTORNEY

You understand that you have the absolute right to consult an attorney concerning any aspect of this Agreement, and that, by acknowledging your acceptance of these Terms & Conditions, you represent to Christianbook that you understand the requirements of this Agreement and agree to be bound by them.

27. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

All terms, covenants, and conditions contained herein are severable and in the event any of them shall be held to be invalid, this Agreement shall be interpreted as if such invalid term, covenant, or condition were not contained herein. Headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation or construction of this Agreement. Any failure by Christianbook to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such provision or prejudice the right of Christianbook to enforce the provision at any subsequent time. All orders are subject to acceptance at our headquarters in Massachusetts.

Christianbook Giveback Program Terms

Effective Date: June 31, 2024

THE FOLLOWING PROGRAM TERMS GOVERN YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE CHRISTIANBOOK GIVEBACK PROGRAM AVAILABLE AT CHRISTIANBOOK.COM (“SITE”) AND ALL PROGRAMS OFFERED THROUGH THE SITE, WHICH INCLUDES A MANDATORY INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION REQUIREMENT AND DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITIES, WHICH ARE SET FORTH BELOW.

ACCORDINGLY, PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY.

The access, and use of, and the purchase of products and services through, the Christianbook website located at Christianbook.com is subject to the Christianbook Terms and Conditions contained above.

1 Program Terms. These Program Terms (“Terms” or “Program Terms”) constitute the legally binding terms governing your use of the Site and the Christianbook Giveback Program (“Program”). Current program details may be obtained by contacting Christianbook at 855-GOCHURCH,emailing church@christianbook.com, or visiting our FAQs at https://www.christianbook.com/page/info/faqs.

1.1 Acceptance. When you enroll in a Program, and each time you use or access the Site or Program, you signify your agreement with these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, you must discontinue using the Site and terminate your participation in the Program (as applicable). The Program is available to you by Christianbook, LLC (hereinafter “Christianbook”, “us”, “our” and “we”).

1.2 Updates to Terms. We reserve the right to update or change these Terms at any time by posting the most current version of the Terms on the Site. We will provide notice of changes to the Terms by posting the new Terms on the Site with a new Effective Date shown. Such updates or changes may, without limitation, change, add, or eliminate Program benefits, features, terms and conditions, in whole or in part, at any time without notice or compensation, even though such actions may affect participation in the Program. All such updates or changes in the Terms shall be effective from the Effective Date set when it is posted on the Site or Program. Your continued use ofthe Site after we post any changes to the Terms signifies your agreement to anysuch changes. If you do not agree to these Terms, you must discontinue using the Site and Program.

1.3 Electronic Form. By accessing the Site or enrolling in the Program, you consent to have these Terms and future communications provided to you in electronic form. You have the right to receive these Terms in non-electronic form at any time by contacting us online or send a letter and self-addressed stamped envelope to: Christianbook Giveback Program, 140 Summitt Street, Peabody, Massachusetts 019600.

2 Participation

2.1 Registration. To participate in the Program, you must have an active Christianbook account. By registering in the Program, you agree to (i) provide true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself as prompted by the registration form, and (ii) maintain and properly update your account information to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete. If you provide information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, or if we have reasonable grounds to suspect that you have, or you violate these Terms, as determined in our sole discretion, we have the right to suspend or terminate your participation in the Program and refuse any and all current or future use of the Site and the Program (or any portion thereof). Registration is currently available only to U.S. residents residing in eligible states.

2.2 Cancellation. To change or cancel your participation in the Program at any time, you may contact us by sending an email to church@christianbook.com, calling us toll free at 855-GOCHURCH, or writing us at Christianbook Giveback Program. 140 Summit Street, Peabody, Massachusetts 01960.

2.3 Reactivating a Cancelled Account. If you cancel your participation in the Program but want to renew your participation, please contact church@christianbook.com for assistance.

2.4 Termination. We may suspend or terminate your participation in the Program and your access to the Site or the Program, in whole or in part, at any time, immediately and without notice if, at our sole discretion, you fail to comply with any of these Terms or engage in any conduct that we deem unacceptable in our sole discretion. Any order that is deemed a high-volume/reseller order, at our sole discretion, will not be eligible for Program benefits, and your participation in the Program may be suspended or terminated. In the event of suspension or termination, you are no longer authorized to access the Program, and the restrictions imposed on you with respect to any materials downloaded from the Site or the Program and the disclaimers and limitations of liabilities set forth in the Terms shall survive.

3 *Use of the Site and Program. *

3.1 Access and Use. Benefits are not for resale. You agree that you will not use this Site in any unlawful manner or in any manner that creates civil or criminal liability on the part of Christianbook or is otherwise harmful to Christianbook. You further agree that you will not use any automated devices, such as spiders, robots, or data-mining techniques, to catalog, download, store, or otherwise reproduce, store, or distribute content available on the Site, manipulate the Site or the Program, or otherwise exceed the limited access granted to you by us. You will take no action to interfere with, interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of the Site or any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment. You will not distribute or transmit any content or software or other computer files that contain a computer virus or other harmful component. Christianbook reserves the right in its sole discretion to prohibit any conduct, communications, content, or use of this Site, and to remove any content or communications, which in its sole discretion it finds objectionable or unacceptable in any manner..

3.2 Age Requirements. Y. You must be at least 18 years old or the age of majority in your state of residence, whichever is older, to join and to use the Program.

4 Indemnity/Release. You understand that you are personally responsible for your behavior while on the Site and agree to indemnify and hold us and our affiliates, business partners, licensors, contractors, service providers, and their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents (collectively, “Covered Parties”), harmless from and against any loss, damage, liability, cost, or expense of any kind (including attorneys’ fees) that any Covered Party may incur arising out of or related to any products or services purchased by you in connection with the Site or the Program and in connection with a third-party claim or otherwise, in relation to your use of the Program or access to the Site, or your violation of either these Terms, applicable law, or the rights of any third party or your negligent or wrongful conduct. In connection with the foregoing release, you hereby waive California Civil Code Section 1542 (and any similar provision in any other jurisdiction), which states: “A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which, if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor.”

5 Disclaimer of Warranties. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND PROGRAM (INCLUDING ANY DOWNLOADS OR ANY LOSS OF DATA OR OTHER DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM YOU EXPERIENCE FROM USING THE SITE AND PROGRAM) IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE SITE AND PROGRAM AND ALL INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, AND OTHER CONTENT (INCLUDING THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, AND CONTENT) INCLUDED IN OR ACCESSIBLE FROM THE SITE OR PROGRAM, ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS,” “WHERE IS,” AND “WHERE AVAILABLE” BASIS, AND ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THE SITE OR PROGRAM WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE RESULTS OBTAINED FROM YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR PROGRAM WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, CAN MODIFY THE TERMS OF THE DISCLAIMER SET FORTH IN THIS DOCUMENT. YOUR USE AND BROWSING OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY OF THE MATERIALS CONTAINED IN THE SITE OR PROGRAM, OR WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE ACCESSING AND USING THE SITE AND PROGRAM. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND (EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS) AS TO THE SITE AND PROGRAM AND ALL INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, AND OTHER CONTENT (INCLUDING THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, AND CONTENT) INCLUDED IN OR ACCESSIBLE FROM THE SITE AND PROGRAM. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO ELIMINATE, ADD, CHANGE AND SUBSTITUTE BENEFITS AND PARTICIPATING VENDORS WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION.

ALL CONTENT, PRODUCTS, AND THIRD-PARTY PROGRAMS ON THE SITE, OR OBTAINED FROM A WEBSITE TO WHICH THE SITE IS LINKED, ARE PROVIDED TO YOU “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, SECURITY, OR ACCURACY. WE DO NOT ENDORSE AND ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE MERCHANTABLITY OF ANY PRODUCT OR PROGRAM ACCESSED FROM THE SITE OR A LINKED SITE. OTHER THAN AS REQUIRED BY LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCE WILL WE OR ANY COVERED PARTIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY YOUR RELIANCE ON INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE OR A LINKED SITE, OR YOUR RELIANCE ON ANY PRODUCT OR PROGRAM OBTAINED FROM THE SITE OR A LINKED SITE.

6 Liability Limitation. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL WE OR ANY COVERED PARTIES BE LIABLE TO YOU (OR ANY THIRD PARTY MAKING CLAIMS THROUGH YOU) FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, PROFITS, DATA, OR OTHER INTANGIBLES, OR THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR PROGRAMS, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO AND TAMPERING WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION OR TRANSMISSIONS, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, UNAUTHORIZED USE, PERFORMANCE, OR NON-PERFORMANCE OF THE SITE OR THE PROGRAM, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED PREVIOUSLY OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARISE IN CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, UNDER STATUTE, IN EQUITY, AT LAW, OR OTHERWISE. UNLESS LIMITED OR MODIFIED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMERS, WAIVERS, AND LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED, EVEN IF ANY REMEDY FAILS ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. COVERED PARTIES ARE INTENDED THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES OF THESE DISCLAIMERS. IF ANY PART OF THESE WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS OR LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY IS FOUND TO BE INVALID OR UNENFORCEABLE FOR ANY REASON, THEN OUR (AND THE COVERED PARTIES’) AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS UNDER SUCH CIRCUMSTANCES FOR LIABILITIES SHALL NOT EXCEED TEN DOLLARS ($10). THESE LIMITATIONS APPLY TO RESIDENTS OF THE STATE OF NEW JERSEY, AMONG OTHERS. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW FOR EXCLUSION OR LIMITATIONS OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, AND OTHER LIMITATIONS ON DAMAGES AND SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE.

7 Privacy Policy. Your use of this Site and the Christianbook website is governed by and subject to the terms and conditions set out in the Christianbook Privacy Policy which is incorporated herein by reference and which can be found by clicking “Privacy Policy” in the footer of this site or at by visiting https://www.christianbook.com/page/info/privacy-notice. By visiting this Site or the Christianbook website, entering the Christianbook Reward program, or purchasing or licensing products or services through the Christianbook website, you agree and consent to the Christianbook Privacy Policy, including the information collection, analysis, and usage practices it describes.

8 *Dispute Resolution. *

8.1 Agreement to Arbitrate Disputes. At Christianbook, we work hard to make things right with each and every customer. On occasion, a third party may be necessary to help us resolve our disputes, and this Agreement limits us to arbitration (or small claims court, if a claim qualifies) in the following instances.

YOU AND CHRISTIANBOOK AGREE THAT ALL DISPUTES AND CLAIMS BETWEEN US ARISING FROM OR RELATING IN ANY WAY WITH THE PERFORMANCE OF THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS, YOUR USE OF THIS SITE, ANY MATERIALS, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES SOLD, PROVIDED OR LICENSED THROUGH THIS SITE, OR THE ACTIONS OF CHRISTIANBOOK OR ITS AGENTS THAT WE CANNOT RESOLVE INFORMALLY SHALL BE RESOLVED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS ONLY BY BINDING ARBITRATION OR IN SMALL CLAIMS COURT AS PROVIDED BELOW.

YOU AND CHRISTIANBOOK FURTHER AGREE TO WAIVE ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY WAY IN A CLASS ACTION/CLASS ARBITRATION, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION, OR OTHERWISE TO MAKE OR PROCEED WITH ANY CLAIM ON A COLLECTIVE OR CONSOLIDATED BASIS. IF FOR ANY REASON A CLAIM PROCEEDS IN COURT RATHER THAN IN ARBITRATION, YOU AND CHRISTIANBOOK AGREE TO WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL.

This arbitration agreement applies to all agents, attorneys, contractors, subcontractors, service providers, employees, and all others acting for, on behalf of, or under the direction of Christianbook, including all affiliated companies(including, but notlimited to, parents, subsidiaries, and sibling corporations). This Agreement is binding on you and Christianbook, as well as our respective heirs, successors, and assigns.

You and Christianbook agree that any claim between us involves commerce under, and is governed exclusively by, the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”) and federal law, and not by any state or local laws, or the laws of other countries, concerning or purporting to place limits on the availability or scope of arbitration or in any way imposing requirements beyond or inconsistent with those set forth in the FAA. This Agreement, however, does not prevent you from bringing any issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies.

Arbitration Scope, Rules, and Requirements

There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and discovery and court review of an arbitration award are limited. However, an arbitrator under this Agreement can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must follow these Terms & Conditions as a court would.

The arbitration or small claims court action shall occur in the United States in the county or parish in which you reside or at such other location in the United States which may be agreed upon by you and Christianbook. You may also choose to have any arbitration, whether commenced by you or us, conducted by telephone or based on written submissions only.

The arbitrator has the authority to and shall resolve all claims and issues arising between us, including, but not limited to, international, federal, state, and local statutory, regulatory, constitutional, and common law claims.

This arbitration requirement covers, but is not limited to, any and all claims arising from or related in any way to your use of this Site and the Christianbook Website, your participation in the Christianbook Rewards Program, your purchase or license of, or attempt to purchase or license, products or services through this Site and the Christianbook website, and your communications with Christianbook.

The arbitrator also has the sole authority to and shall address all claims or arguments concerning the formation, legality, and enforceability of this arbitration clause, the scope of this clause, and the arbitrability of any claim or issue arising between us.

Any arbitration will be held before a single neutral arbitrator and will be governed by the Consumer Arbitration Rules and the Consumer Due Process Protocol (collectively, "AAA Rules") of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") as currently in effect, and as modified by this Agreement, and will be administered by the AAA. The AAA Rules are available online at https://www.adr.org/consumer, by calling the AAA at 800-778-7879, or by writing to the Notice Address. To the extent that there is a conflict between this clause and the AAA Rules, the arbitrator shall resolve such conflicts so as to preserve the parties’ mutual obligation to arbitrate claims on an individual basis.

To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to the AAA and to: Christianbook, LLC, Attn: Vice President – Internet Marketing, P. O. Box 8000, 140 Summit Street, Peabody, MA 01961-8000. The AAA’s address is: American Arbitration Association Case Filing Services, 1101 Laurel Oak Road, Suite 100, Voorhees, NJ 08043. You may also send a copy to the AAA online at https://www.adr.org.

If you initiate an arbitration, Christianbook will reimburse you for any standard filing fee which may be required under the AAA Rules for claims under $10,000. For claims over $10,000, payment of such fees will be by a separate agreement between you and Christianbook. If we cannot agree on such payment, the arbitrator will decide how such fees should be paid and by whom. Each party shall be responsible for their own attorneys’ fees except as provided by applicable law or the AAA Rules.

We are committed to providing for dispute resolution at a reasonable cost to consumers consistent with the AAA Rules, and any matters related to such cost, if not agreed to by you and Christianbook, will be decided by the arbitrator.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent the dispute arises from a violation of your or our intellectual property rights in any manner, both parties agree that the non-infringing party may seek injunctive remedies (or an equivalent type of urgent legal relief) in a state or federal court consistent with the subsections below, and both parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts.

8.2 Governing Law: These Terms and all disputes between the parties will be governed in all respects by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, consistent with the Federal Arbitration Act, without regard to any conflict-of-law provisions. Further, in any arbitration, both parties agree the arbitrator will honor claims of privilege and privacy recognized under Massachusetts law.

8.3 Enforcement of Arbitration Award: The arbitrator’s award will be final and binding on all parties and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction.

8.4 Severability: If any portion of this Dispute Resolution section (with the exception of the Waiver of Class Arbitration subsection) is deemed invalid or unenforceable by any arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction, the invalid or unenforceable portion will be severed and removed from the Terms, and the remaining portions (including the Agreement to Arbitrate Disputes subsection) will remain binding on you and us. If any arbitrator deems the Waiver of Class Arbitration subsection to be invalid or unenforceable, then the entire Agreement to Arbitrate Disputes subsection will be null and void. Under such circumstances, you expressly acknowledge and agree that the Governing Law and Jurisdiction subsections apply to any disputes between you and us, and both parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts.

8.5 Jurisdiction: If, in any dispute, this subsection is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, notwithstanding the Severability subsection above, or null and void by any arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction, or if the dispute seeks injunctive remedies arising from a violation of your or our intellectual property rights, the dispute must be resolved by a state or federal court located in Essex or Suffolk County, Massachusetts, USA. The parties agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of such Massachusetts state or federal courts for the purposes of litigating any such dispute. This subsection does not apply disputes made in small claims court.

9 Miscellaneous. These Terms and policies incorporated herein are the entire agreement between you and us and supersede any and all prior or contemporaneous agreements between you and us relating to your use of the Site or the Program. If any part of these Terms is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, it will not impact any other provision of these Terms, all of which will remain in full force and effect. Our failure to partially or fully exercise any rights, shall not prevent our subsequent exercise of such right or be deemed a waiver by us of any subsequent breach by you of the same or any other term of these Terms. Our rights and remedies under these Terms and any other applicable agreement between you and us shall be cumulative, and the exercise of any such right or remedy shall not limit our right to exercise any other right or remedy. You agree that, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, there shall be no third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement.

29. CHRISTIANBOOK AUTOSHIP PROGRAM TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Last Updated: October 2, 2024

Welcome to the Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) of the Christianbook Autoship Program (“Autoship”). These Terms constitute an agreement between you and Christianbook, and its affiliated and subsidiary companies, and govern your and our respective rights and obligations. Please note that your use of the Christianbook.com website or mobile app is also governed by the Christianbook Terms and Conditions, which include an arbitration agreement, and Christianbook Privacy Policy as well as all other applicable terms, conditions, limitations and requirements on the Christianbook website, all of which (as changed over time) are incorporated into these Terms. By placing an order and enrolling in our Autoship Program, you accept these Terms, conditions, limitations and requirements on behalf of yourself, all members of your household or organization, and others who use Autoship under your account.

When you purchase products on Christianbook which are eligible for Autoship, and enroll in the Christianbook Autoship Program for such products, you are signing up for continuous shipments of such products and may select how often you would like your products delivered to you. You may change your periodic delivery schedule at any time (including on a one-time basis), as well as your shipping address, payment method, and products selected for Autoship. Additionally, when you purchase certain products designated as "Autoship " eligible, and enroll in the Autoship program for such products, you may receive an additional percentage off of our everyday low prices.

Christianbook reserves the right to change Autoship benefits at any time in its sole discretion, including discount amounts and eligibility used to determine discount amounts and all changes will apply to future orders. Some of the offer details may change as you receive deliveries over time (for example, price, taxes, availability, shipping charges). Subscriptions are good while supplies last and there is no guarantee that an item scheduled for Autoship will be delivered within the chosen shipping timeframe.
Autoship is only available to customers shipping to addresses in the United States.

Autoship and Autoship benefits, discounts, and any special limited time promotions in effect apply only to eligible items displaying the Autoship offer message when you select the Autoship delivery method. Special limited time promotions only apply during their effective dates.

When you sign up for continuous shipments on Autoship, you agree to permit us to charge your chosen payment method on a recurring basis, as well as the amount of the charge, which amount shall be set as described below. Christianbook will submit periodic charges (e.g. monthly) to your chosen payment method without further authorization from you, until you provide prior notice at any time that you wish to cancel or to change your payment method.

The price you are charged for a product delivered pursuant to Autoship will not be greater than the price of that item as stated on the applicable product detail page on the date of the shipment. The total cost charged to your payment method for each Autoship order will be the price of the item, less the Autoship discount or any other discount, if applicable, plus any applicable shipping charges, sales tax, and fees. Any credit balances on your Christianbook.com customer account may be applied toward the balance of your order before charging any remaining balance to your payment method.

The charge for each Autoship item shipment will be billed to the payment method used to create your subscription or as otherwise directed by you. If we are unable to complete your Autoship order with the payment method you used to create your subscription,we may charge any other valid payment method associated with your Christianbook Account or we may notify you and give you the opportunity to add another payment methodin your account for your Autoship order.

The packaging and/or branding of products for which you have enrolled in the Christianbook Autoship Program may change over time and may be different at the time of shipment from the time you placed your Autoship order. Christianbook reserves the right to provide you with the product with the different packaging and/or branding provided the product is the same as the product for which you have enrolled in the Christianbook Autoship Program.

We may, in our sole discretion, terminate your subscriptions at any time without notice. If we do so, you will only be charged for orders that have been shipped to you. Your subscription will remain in effect until it is cancelled. You can cancel at any time through your Christianbook account page, by calling Customer Service toll-free at 1-800-CHRISTIAN (1-800-247-4784), or by sending an email to customer.service@christianbook.com.

All returns and refunds of products delivered pursuant to Autoship are subject to the Christianbook.com Returns and Refunds policy.

Participation in the Christianbook Autoship Program is void where prohibited by law.

Your participation in the Christianbook Autoship Program is personal to you, and you may not transfer, assign, or resell your subscription or any of the benefits to any third party without our authorization.

We may, in our sole discretion, change these Terms, (including all applicable terms, conditions, limitations and requirements on the Christianbook.com website), without notice to you. If any change to these terms is found invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that change is severable and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining changes or conditions. YOUR CONTINUED PARTICIPATION AFTER WE CHANGE THESE TERMS CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE CHANGES. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ANY CHANGES, YOU MUST CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONS.