Terms of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these
web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations,
and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local
laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from
using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are
protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials
(information or software) on chunkbase.com’s web site for personal,
non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license,
not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on chunkbase.com’s web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by
chunkbase.com at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this
license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Consent to Data Collection
These Terms of Service incorporate our
Privacy Policy
, which discloses how we,
our vendors, and our service providers collect and use data when you use the Site and/or mobile applications. You
hereby consent to the collection and use of data by us, our vendors, and our service providers as described in the
Privacy Policy (including any links to other policies therein). You can revoke this consent at any time by following
the opt-out instructions in the Privacy Policy or clicking the provided links on the Site.
4. Limitations on Liability
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE, OR OUR VENDORS OR SERVICE PROVIDERS
(COLLECTIVELY, “WE” OR “US”), SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE
DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES, WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, USE, GOODWILL,
OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF ANY OF US EXCEED THE GREATER OF (A) THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID OR PAYABLE
TO CHUNKBASE BY YOU FOR THE WEBSITE DURING THE SIX-MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE ACT, OMISSION, OR OCCURRENCE GIVING RISE TO
SUCH LIABILITY; OR (B) ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS ($100). THE LIMITATIONS OF THIS SUBSECTION SHALL APPLY TO ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, STATUTE, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE PARTIES HAVE BEEN
INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGE, AND EVEN IF A REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED ITS
ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
5. Binding Arbitration (“Arbitration Agreement”)
Only applicable to users from the United States
a.
Applicability of Arbitration Agreement.
You agree that any dispute or claim against us, or our vendors or service
providers(collectively, “We” or “Us”), related in any way to your access or use of this website, to these Terms, or
to any aspect of your relationship with Us, will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that
(1) you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify, so long as the matter remains in such court
and advances only on an individual (non-class, non-representative) basis; and (2) you or We may seek equitable relief
in court for infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights (such as trademarks, trade dress,
domain names, trade secrets, copyrights, and patents). You agree that you must commence any arbitration or other
claim within one (1) year after the dispute arises; otherwise, the claim is permanently barred, which means that
you will no longer have the right to assert a claim regarding the dispute. This Arbitration Agreement will apply,
without limitation, to all claims that arose or were asserted before the effective date of these Terms or any prior
version of this Arbitration Agreement.
You agree in advance that you will not participate in or seek to recover monetary or other relief in any lawsuit filed
against Us, alleging class, collective, and/or representative claims on your behalf. Instead, by agreeing to
arbitration, you may bring your claims against any of Us in an individual arbitration proceeding (except for any
Batch Arbitration, as described below). If successful on such claims, you could be awarded money or other relief
by an arbitrator. You acknowledge that you have been advised that you may consult with an attorney in deciding whether
to accept these Terms, including this Arbitration Agreement.
The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement.
b.
Process.
To begin a claim, you must first send a letter describing your claim in detail, including your name and
contact information, your legal claim, the specific facts giving rise to your claim (including the date(s) and amount(s)
of any relevant transaction or interaction with us), and the requested relief, to
Alexander Gundermann c/o Block Services, Stuttgarter Str. 106, 70736 Fellbach, Germany.
You and We agree
to attempt in good faith to negotiate an informal resolution of your claim. If a resolution is not reached within
thirty (30) days, you may commence an arbitration action as set forth herein. The arbitration will be conducted by
JAMS, an established alternative dispute resolution provider. Disputes involving claims and counterclaims under
$250,000, not inclusive of attorneys’ fees and interest, will be subject to JAMS’s most current version of the
Streamlined Arbitration Rules and procedures available at
http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-streamlined-arbitration/
;
all other claims will be subject to JAMS’s most current version of the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures,
available at
http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-comprehensive-arbitration/
. JAMS’s rules are also available at
www.jamsadr.com
or by calling JAMS at
800-352-5267. If JAMS is not available to arbitrate, the parties will select an
alternative arbitral forum. You may choose to have the arbitration conducted
remotely, based on written submissions, or in person at a mutually agreed
location. We will be entitled to make an offer of judgment in the arbitration
proceeding. If the offer of judgment is not accepted, and the award is not more
favorable than the unaccepted offer, you will be solely responsible for all
costs incurred by Us after the offer of judgment is made to the extent permitted
by applicable law. Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be
entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
c.
Fees.
If the arbitrator finds that you cannot afford to pay JAMS’s filing, administrative, hearing, and/or other
fees, and you cannot obtain a waiver from JAMS, we will pay them for you. If the arbitrator determines the claims are
frivolous, you agree to pay Us our attorneys’ fees and costs in the arbitration, to the extent permitted by applicable
law.
d.
Authority of Arbitrator.
The arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court or agency, will have exclusive
authority to resolve any dispute related to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, or formation of this
Arbitration Agreement, including, but not limited to, any claim that all or any part of this Arbitration Agreement
is void or voidable. The arbitration will decide the rights and liabilities, if any, of you and Us. The arbitration
proceeding will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or parties. The arbitrator
will have the authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any claim. The arbitrator will have the authority
to award monetary damages and to grant any non-monetary remedy or relief available to an individual under applicable law,
the arbitral forum’s rules, and these Terms (including the Arbitration Agreement). The arbitrator will issue a written
award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based,
including the calculation of any damages awarded. The arbitrator has the same authority to award relief on an individual
basis that a judge in a court of law would have. The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and Us.
e.
Waiver of Jury Trial.
You and We hereby waive any constitutional and statutory rights to sue in court and have
a trial in front of a judge or a jury. You and We are instead electing that all claims and disputes will be resolved by
arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement, except as specified in Section (a) above. An arbitrator can award on an
individual basis the same damages and relief as a court and must follow this Agreement as a court would. However, there
is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is subject to very limited review.
f.
Waiver of Class or Consolidated Actions.
Except with respect to Batch Arbitration (as defined below), all claims
and disputes within the scope of this Arbitration Agreement must be arbitrated on an individual basis and not on a
class basis, only individual relief is available, and claims of more than one customer or user cannot be arbitrated
or consolidated with those of any other customer or user. In the event that this subparagraph is deemed invalid or
unenforceable neither you nor We are entitled to arbitration and instead claims and disputes will be resolved in a
court as set forth in these Terms.
g.
Batch Arbitration.
You and We agree that, in the event that there are fifty (50) or more individual requests for
arbitration of a similar nature filed against Us within an approximately (30) thirty-day period
(or otherwise in close proximity) regardless of the state(s) in which such claims are filed, JAMS will administer all
such similarly situated arbitration demands on a collective basis as a single, consolidated arbitration (subject to a
single set of fees, proceeding schedule, and, if required, hearing) before a single arbitrator in accordance with the
requirements outlined elsewhere in this section, provided that – in the event that the arbitrator deems it impracticable
or inequitable to administer all such claims collectively in a single arbitration – (s)he may group demands for
arbitration into groups of not fewer than twenty (20) matters, plus a remainder group as needed (or as otherwise
deemed by the arbitrator to be practicable, equitable, and in best keeping with the spirit of this provision) and
arbitrate each group of matters as a single, consolidated arbitration (either structure a “Batch Arbitration”).
You and We agree (1) to work with JAMS in good faith to facilitate the resolution of disputes on a Batch Arbitration
basis and (2) that requests for arbitration are of a “similar nature” if they arise out of the same event, agreement,
or factual scenario and raise the same or similar legal issues and seek the same or similar relief. Disagreements over
the applicability of this Batch Arbitration process will be settled in a single, consolidated arbitration proceeding
that includes all affected parties and is resolved by a single arbitrator subject to the requirements of this section.
This Batch Arbitration provision shall in no way be interpreted as authorizing a class or collective arbitration or
action of any kind, or any suit or arbitration involving joint or consolidated claims, under any circumstances other
than those expressly set forth in this section.
h.
Severability.
If any part or parts of this Arbitration Agreement are found under the law to be invalid or
unenforceable, then such specific part or parts will be of no force and effect and will be severed, and the remainder
of the Arbitration Agreement will continue in full force and effect.
i.
Survival.
This Arbitration Agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with Us.
j.
Modification.
Notwithstanding any provision in these Terms to the contrary, We agree that if We make any future
material change to this Arbitration Agreement, it will not apply to any individual claim(s) for which that you had
already provided notice to Us.
6. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on chunkbase.com’s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors.
chunkbase.com does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current.
chunkbase.com may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. chunkbase.com
does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
7. Links
chunkbase.com has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents
of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by chunkbase.com of the site. Use of any
such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
8. Site Terms of Use Modifications
chunkbase.com may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are
agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.
© 2013-
2026
chunkbase.com All Rights Reserved.
Not an official Minecraft product. Not approved by or associated with Mojang.
Site Map
Contact
Legal Notice
Privacy
Terms