Terms of Use
 – Cinemark Shop
Skip to content
Your cart is empty
Continue shopping
Have an account?
Log in
to check out faster.
Your Cart - 0
Loading...
Subtotal:
$0.00 USD
Taxes, discounts and shipping calculated at checkout
Update
View cart
Check out
All payments are fully secure.
American Express
Apple Pay
Diners Club
Discover
Google Pay
Mastercard
PayPal
Shop Pay
Venmo
Visa
Save up to 50%
off! Shop the
collection
!
Save 15%
on your first order when you
Sign up
for our newsletter!
Content
Contents
Copyright
Trademarks
Warranty Disclaimer
Limitation of Liability
Typographical Errors
Term; Termination
Notice
Miscellaneous
Use of Site
Participation Disclaimer
Indemnification
Third Party Links
Terms of Use
The following terms of use (the "Shop Terms") contain the terms and conditions applicable to you and your access to and use of this website,
https://shop.cinemark.com
, including the mobile version and any successor site(s), regardless of how accessed (collectively, the "Stores"). The Cinemark Shop is operated by Snow Commerce, LLC. ("Snow"), an Ohio Corporation, under license of Cinemark and/or its affiliated entities ("Partner Entities"). When used herein, the terms "we," "us" or "our" refers to Snow.
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
This document comprises the entire agreement between site operator Snow Commerce and authorized user ("member", "user" or "you"), superseding any prior agreements between you and Snow Commerce with respect to its subject matter. Our principal place of business is located at 1340 Clay Street, Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.
You represent and warrant that you are above the age of majority (typically 18 or 19 years, but up to 21 years, depending on your jurisdiction) and that you have the legal capacity to enter into this agreement.
Copyright
The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Cinemark and site operator Snow Commerce. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Snow Commerce or purchasing Cinemark, and site operator Snow Commerce products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Snow Commerce or to purchase Cinemark and site operator Snow Commerce products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by site operator Snow Commerce. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names of Cinemark and site operator Snow Commerce used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cinemark and site operator Snow Commerce.
Warranty Disclaimer
This site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Snow Commerce disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Snow Commerce does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Snow Commerce does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitation may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
Snow Commerce and Cinemark Shop shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Snow Commerce has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Typographical Errors
In the event that Cinemark and site operator Snow Commerce product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Snow Commerce reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Snow Commerce reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, Snow Commerce shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Term; Termination
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Snow Commerce without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
Notice
Snow Commerce may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Snow Commerce.
Miscellaneous
Your use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the  State of Ohio, without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Cinemark and site operator Snow Commerce products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in the  State of Ohio. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Cinemark and site operator Snow Commerce products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Snow Commerce's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Snow Commerce may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Use of Site
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Snow Commerce or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Participation Disclaimer
Snow Commerce does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Snow Commerce is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Snow Commerce reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be
(a)
abusive, defamatory, or obscene,
(b)
fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading,
(c)
in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or
(d)
offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Snow Commerce in its sole discretion.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Snow Commerce, Cinemark and all of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Snow Commerce may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Snow Commerce, Snow Commerce has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Snow Commerce. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Snow Commerce seeks to protect the integrity of its Website and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site but for all sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Data Request
Form Name
Choose Privacy Laws
EU/EEA Privacy Laws (GDPR)
U.S. Privacy Laws (CPRA, CPA, CTDPA, VCDPA, and UCPA)
Select Below:
Country
Country
Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom
State
State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Full Name *
Order Number (optional)
Email Address *
Reason for Request:
Request to know
Additional Info
Delete my data
Do not sell my personal information
Data export
Other
Additional Info
Clear
Submit
STAY IN THE CINE-LOOP
Sign up for our newsletter to receive information on product launches, sitewide sales & more!
Promotional Disclaimers
Thanks for subscribing!
Please check your email for a message confirming your subscription.
Uh Oh!
There was an issue submitting your information. Please try refreshing, or submitting the form later.
ABOUT CINEMARK SHOP
The Cinemark online merch store is your one-stop shop for movie merchandise, collectibles, and Cinemark-exclusive apparel, accessories and more.
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Support Center
Pre-Order FAQ
Orders & Returns
Promotional Disclaimers
Return Policy
ACCOUNT & ORDERING
My Account
Ordering Policy
Shipping Policy
Volume Discounts
EXPLORE
Movies
Cinemark Movie Rewards
FOLLOW US
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
Twitter
© 2026 Cinemark Shop. All rights reserved. | Snow Commerce is the seller of all merchandise and is solely responsible for all aspects of your purchase.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Legal Imprint
Accessibility Statement
Your privacy choices
Payment methods
American Express
Apple Pay
Diners Club
Discover
Google Pay
Mastercard
PayPal
Shop Pay
Venmo
Visa
Back to Top
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Opens in a new window.