Best Buy Credit Card: Registration
SIGN OFF
Are you sure you want to sign off?
Sign Off
Cancel
Are You Sure You Want to Quit?
Quit
Cancel
That site may have a privacy policy and security that is different from this Citibank, N.A. Website. Citibank, N.A. and its affiliates are not responsible for the products, services, and content on
BestBuy.com
.
Do you want to continue to
BestBuy.com
?
Continue
Cancel
Your Session Is About to Time Out
If you remain inactive, we will sign you out to protect your information.
Stay Active
Sign Off
Welcome to Virtual Guide
Can we help you today?
Yes, Please
No, Thanks
For enhanced security, your Password, User ID and the Security Word you provided when you applied for your card should be different from each other.
User ID guidelines
A unique User ID helps safeguard your account and secure personal information.
User ID requirements
Must be 5 to 50 characters
User ID restrictions
Don’t use more than three consecutive or sequential digits (for example, 1111 or 1234) unless your User ID is an email address.
Don’t use your Password or the Security Word you provided when you applied for your card as your User ID.
Password guidelines
A secure Password is easy for you to remember, but difficult for others to guess.
Don’t share your Password with anyone — ever.
Password requirements
Your Password must contain:
Between 8-64 characters
At least 1 number
At least 1 uppercase letter
At least 1 lowercase letter
At least 1 special character or space: . ? * $ ! { } - _ + % ^ @ [ ]
Note: Passwords are case sensitive.
Password restrictions
Don’t use your name or User ID as your Password.
Don’t use more than 2 consecutive identical characters, including spaces.
Don’t use existing or the last  6 passwords.
Password tips
Passwords are case sensitive.
Choose a meaningful phrase with 6-8 words and numbers, and then include a special character. For example, “We bought our home 9 years ago!” can become “Wboh9ya!”
Insert two digits into a word. For example, “Decem51ber?”
Replace vowels or other letters in a short phrase with numbers or other characters. For example, “Sh0rt3n!”
Don’t use characters that are next to each other on the keyboard (for example, hjkl;).
Email Privacy
At Citi Cards, we are dedicated to protecting your privacy. We want you to feel comfortable about giving us your email address. The following Email Policy was developed to help you understand how we use email and what your choices are.
How We Use Email
When you give us your email address, we may then send you emails on a variety of subjects, such as:
• General notices or important news about your account (rest assured your account number would never be included)
• Updates on special deals and offers that might interest you
• Opportunities to provide feedback or complete online surveys, so you can tell us what you think.
Your Choices
We believe you should be able to choose what kinds of information you receive. Thus, if you do not want to receive marketing material by email, just indicate your preference on your email profile. If you do so, please note that you could continue to receive some marketing information until your request is processed.
Important Note:
Please keep in mind that Citi reserves the right to continue to notify you by email regarding your account.
To enroll in paperless for your account, start by reading the terms and conditions below. You are agreeing to receive your statements electronically only and some of your legal notices electronically only.
Enrollment in Credit Card Paperless Statements and Other Communications
We send cardholders various types of legal notices, including notices of increases or decreases in credit lines, privacy notices, account updates and statements. Currently, we can provide some of these legal notices, including statements, electronically. We are working towards being able to provide all of these legal notices electronically. When we are able to provide all legal notices electronically, we will notify you by email. In the meantime, if you choose to receive legal notices electronically, you will need to monitor both your U.S. postal mailbox and your email inbox for legal notices.
Minimum System Requirements
To receive your legal notices electronically, your device must be capable of printing or storing email, web pages and documents in PDF format, and you must use a browser with at least 128-bit security encryption to enroll.
Getting Paper Copies
If you choose to receive legal notices and statements electronically and want a paper notice, call us at the number on your statement or the back of your card and we will mail it to you.
Cancelling Paperless Statements and Other Communications
You may cancel by updating your settings on the Paperless Settings page of your account online or by calling us at the number on your statement or the back of your card.
Updating Email Address
We will send notifications regarding the availability of your statement and legal notices online to the email address you provide to us until you contact us to change it. It is your responsibility to update promptly any changes in this information. If your email address changes, please update it through Account Online or call us at the number on your statement or the back of your card.
Credit Card Paperless Statements and Other Communications Authorization
I agree to receive my billing statements and other legal notices electronically as available. I understand that when I receive an electronic notice it will replace a paper copy. I also understand that I will need to check both my U.S. postal mailbox and email inbox for legal notices until you let me know by email that all legal notices will be sent electronically. If I later let you know that I wish to receive either my statements or other legal notices in paper form, these terms will not apply to those documents.
You will receive paperless notifications at the email address currently associated with your account(s).
Congratulations
Your account setup is complete. To get started, you’ll need to sign on to your account.
Get Started
By providing your phone number, you agree that we or our service providers can contact you at that number by text message, artificial voice, pre-recorded or autodialed calls. Your phone plan charges may apply.
If you are currently enrolled in Alerts for your account, any updates you make to your phone number in your profile will also update the phone number your alerts are sent to.
To enroll in paperless for your account, start by reading the terms and conditions below. You are agreeing to receive your statements electronically only and some of your legal notices electronically only. If you do not wish to enroll, choose Cancel and deselect the Paperless Statements and Letters checkbox.
Enrollment in Credit Card Paperless Statements and E-Communications
We send cardholders various types of legal notices, including notices of increases or decreases in credit lines, privacy notices, account updates and statements. Currently, we can provide some of these legal notices, including statements, electronically. We are working towards being able to provide all of these legal notices electronically. When we are able to provide all legal notices electronically, we will notify you by email. In the meantime, if you choose to receive legal notices electronically, you will need to monitor both your U.S. postal mailbox and your email inbox for legal notices.
To receive your legal notices electronically, your computer must be capable of printing or storing email, web pages and documents in PDF format and your browser must meet minimum system requirements.
Minimum System Requirements
Your privacy and security are important to us. That is why we require you to use a browser with 128-bit security encryption to proceed with your application. This protection helps to ensure that the information you send and receive will remain confidential.
Getting Paper Copies
If you choose to receive legal notices and statements electronically and then want a paper notice, call us at the number on the back of your card and we will mail it to you.
Cancelling Paperless Statements and E-Communications
You may cancel through account online or by calling us at the number on the back of your card.
Updating Email Address
We will send notifications regarding the availability of your statement online and legal notices to the email address you provided to us until you contact us to change it. It is your responsibility to update promptly any changes in this information. If your email address changes, please update it through Account Online or call us at the number on the back of your card.
Credit Card Paperless Statements and E-Communications Authorization
I agree to receive my billing statements and other legal notices electronically as available. I understand that when I receive an electronic notice it will replace a paper copy. I also understand that I will need to check both my U.S. postal mailbox and email inbox for legal notices until you let me know by email that all legal notices will be sent electronically.
You will receive paperless notifications at the email address currently associated with your account.
By subscribing to custom Citi Account Alerts (each, an "Alert"), you can request to receive notices relating to your Citi accounts. Alerts can be sent via email or SMS text messages. You can select the method by which Alerts are sent to you and edit your preferences at any time by going to the Manage Alerts page of your account online. If you select to receive SMS text messages, you agree that Citi can send those text messages using an automated dialing system. Alerts sent to you are not encrypted and may include your name and account information. Text "HELP" for help. If you no longer wish to receive Citi SMS text messages, you may reply STOP to opt-out. Please note Citi may still send critical texts, such as potential fraud, even if you choose to opt-out. For questions about the services provided, you can call the number on your statement or the back of your card.
It is your responsibility to accurately provide valid and accurate contact information. It is also your responsibility to determine if your mobile service provider supports text messaging and your telephone or other mobile device is capable of receiving text messages. Based on your Carrier, message and data rates may apply.
Message frequency may vary. You acknowledge and agree that your receipt of an Alert may be delayed or prevented by factors affecting your cellular phone service provider, internet service providers and other factors outside Citi's control. We guarantee neither the delivery nor the accuracy of the contents of an Alert. Citi provides this service as a convenience to you for information purposes only. An Alert does not constitute a record for the account to which it pertains. Citi reserves the right to terminate the service or begin charging a fee for such service at any time without prior notice to you. Nothing contained herein shall amend, supersede or nullify anything contained in any other agreement you have made with Citi.
We reserve the right to terminate the alerting service, in whole or in part, at any time without notice. The information in any alert may be subject to certain time lags or delays. The types and timing of your alerts will be managed by you, and the alerts may be stopped or suspended by you at any time. If you have any questions regarding privacy, please read our privacy policy located at the bottom of the page in your account online.
Authorization
By enrolling in, or editing wireless alerts you previously enrolled in, you agree to the Terms and Conditions.
Authorization
Note: No funds will be transferred at this time. Setting up Online Bill Payment authorizes your bank to transfer funds from your account only when you complete a payment request each month.
Enrollment or Changing Bank Account
You can make an Online Payment once you enroll. Your payment will credit to your account as described in the paragraph titled "Same Day Crediting". If you use a bank account for the first time, we may hold the available line of credit equal to the payment for up to 3 business days.
Payments
You can only make one online payment per day. You may schedule future payments as far as 45 days in the future.
If you do not make one Online Payment at least once every eighteen (18) months, you may have to re-register your bank account as though using it for the first time.
If a scheduled payment exceeds the current balance at the time of execution, you agree that we will reduce the scheduled payment amount to the amount of your current balance.
Same Day Crediting
The payment cutoff time for Online Bill and Phone Payments is midnight ET. This means we will credit your account as of the calendar day, based on Eastern Time, that we received your payment request. If we receive your request to make an online payment after that time, we will credit your payment as of the next day.
Any payment made on a weekend or holiday will be applied as of the day you make it. However, it will not be posted until the next business day.
Please note that there may be a delay between the time your payment is posted and the amount of your available credit is updated.
If any electronic payment is returned unpaid by your financial institution for any reason, we may charge, and you agree to pay, a returned payment fee. You may also be charged a late fee based on the terms and conditions of your Card Agreement. Subsequent scheduled payments may also be canceled.
Authorization
By authorizing Online Bill Pay, I authorize Citibank, N.A. to initiate an electronic payment from my bank account and I authorize my bank to honor the withdrawal. This authority is for my My Best Buy® Credit Card account noted above and is to remain in effect until canceled in writing by Citibank, N.A., my financial institution, or me.