SHOP DEALS & DISCOUNTS
Terms of Use
X
X

Pricing: All prices are as current as possible at the time of printing. They are subject to change without prior notification. We do our best to make these changes as few as possible. All prices are in USD unless otherwise noted at checkout.

Order Cancellation: If you would like to cancel your order, please contact us as soon as possible at 1-800-888-6473. We will do our best to accommodate your request as long as your order has not yet been shipped. We reserve the right to cancel an order for any reason.

Privacy Policy: We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. Please also visit our Privacy Policy section of our website at https://www.cjponyparts.com/privacy-policy/a/111/.

Security Policy: Your payment and personal information is always safe. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, phone number and address. This protects your information from being read over the internet.

Phone Orders: At CJ'S we make ordering by phone simple and painless. Whenever possible, please use our part numbers. If you do not have our part number, our sales staff will be glad to get it for you.

Payment Methods: We accept Visa, Mastercard, Discover, American Express, PayPal or Money Orders.

C.O.D. Orders: We no longer accept COD as a form of payment. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. We are still accepting Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Discover or money orders.

Mail or Fax Orders: When ordering by mail, you may use our order form or make your own. Please include your name, home phone number (this is needed for your customer number), daytime phone number, mailing address, shipping address, e-mail address, and payment method. Also include the year, body style, engine size and transmission of your Mustang if possible.

Shipping Policy: Free Same Day Shipping. All Day, Every Day, on orders over $139. CJ's offers Free Standard Ground Shipping on orders shipping to anywhere inside the contiguous United States!

Free Same Day Shipping:

Free Shipping all day, every day, on orders over $139.
Most in-stock orders ship the same day or the following day.
Free shipping applies to orders using Standard Ground shipping only with a total product value over $139.
Free Shipping applies to orders shipping inside the contiguous United States only. (The contiguous United States are the 48 U.S. states on the continent of North America that are south of Canada, plus the District of Columbia. This excludes the states of Alaska and Hawaii, and all off-shore U.S. territories and possessions, such as Puerto Rico.)
If specifying a shipping method other than Free Ground, such as FedEx or UPS, standard shipping and oversize charges will apply.
Truck freight items do not qualify for free shipping.

Express Shipping:

Express Shipping includes Overnight, Second Day, Ground, etc.
Any in stock express orders shipping from PA placed after 3:00pm Eastern Time will ship out the next business day.
Any in stock express orders shipping from NV placed after 3:00pm Pacific Time will ship out the next business day.
Any in stock express orders placed on a Friday after above hours, on a weekend, or on a holiday will ship out the next business day.

Truck Freight Shipping:

The correct shipping amount will be shown at checkout.
Hoods, one piece floors, body shells and other large items are shipped via truck freight.
Normal delivery hours for truck freight items are from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. local time. The delivery company will contact you at the number you provide to arrange a delivery time. Truck delivery transit time is generally between 3-9 business days and varies depending on delivery location and conditions.
Deliveries to Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico and outside the continental United States require additional transit time.

Backorders: In the event that an ordered item is temporarily out of stock, it will be placed on backorder. All backorders are shipped when our stock is replenished. Backorders are billed to you when they are shipped and not before, unless you have instructed us otherwise.

Truck Freight: Truck freight shipments must be inspected for damage before the driver leaves. This includes deliveries with no visible signs of damage. Any damage found must be reported to the driver. Signing for the delivery is an acknowledgment by the customer that all parts were received in good condition. Once a delivery is signed for, CJ Pony Parts and/or the trucking company will not be responsible for any damaged parts in that shipment.

Missing Parts: We must be contacted concerning any missing item within 72 hours of delivery.

Damaged Parts: Keep your original box and packing. Report the damage to the freight carrier within 3 days of receipt and obtain a damage claim number. The carrier will in turn contact CJ Pony Parts Inc. If you need our assistance during this process, please phone us at (717) 657-9252.

Return Policy:

60 Day Customer Satisfaction Guarantee!

Return your items for any reason within 60 days of purchase and pay no restocking fees!
All returned items must be unused and in resellable condition.
Special order items, programmable products, and A/C kits are non-returnable.
All returns must include the original invoice and a return authorization number, which you can request via our contact form. Please make sure the return authorization number is clearly marked on the box. We aren't able to accept any returns without one.
If your product is defective or damaged, we'll refund you for the part and pay the return shipping costs. CJ Pony Parts is not responsible for incidental fees like towing, labor, storage, etc.
If a part is not damaged or defective, you are responsible for the cost of return shipping.

If an item needs to be returned, it must be done so within 60 days of the invoice date along with a copy of the original invoice and a return authorization number. To obtain your return authorization number, please call our customer service department at 717-657-9252 or visit our Contact Us Page and select 'Request a Return'. All new products are guaranteed against defects in workmanship and material. Liability to CJ Pony Parts Inc. is limited to the replacement of the defective part. Once your returned product arrives at our returns center, we will process your exchange or refund within 5 business days. Returns may not be painted, stripped, used, cut, or altered in any way and must be returned in the original package. No returns will be accepted without a return authorization number. Returns sent c.o.d or freight collect will not be accepted. No returns on special order or non stock items.

Measurements and Specifications: These are provided to us from the individual manufacturers. We provide this information to you as a service only. CJ Pony Parts Inc. is not responsible for any variances between the measurements and specifications listed in our catalog and the actual part.

Kentucky Consumer Use Tax: The Commonwealth of Kentucky requires Kentucky purchasers to report all purchases of tangible personal property or digital property that are not taxed by CJ Pony Parts, Inc. and pay use tax on those purchases unless exempt under Kentucky law, in accordance with KRS 139.450. The tax may be reported and paid on the Kentucky individual income tax return or by filing a consumer use tax return with the Kentucky Department of Revenue. CJ Pony Parts, Inc. is not required to and does not collect Kentucky sales or use tax. Your purchase may be subject to Kentucky use tax unless the purchase is exempt from taxation in Kentucky. Your purchase from CJ Pony Parts, Inc. is not exempt merely because it was made over the Internet, by catalog or by other remote means.

Disclaimer: This site and all contents of the site are provided on an "As Is" basis without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including without limitation warranties of title. You acknowledge, by your use of the site, that your use of the site is at your sole risk, that you assume full responsibility for all costs associated with all necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment you use in connection with your use of our site, and that CJ Pony Parts, Inc. shall not be liable for any damages of any kind related to your use of the site.

Thank You and we look forward to doing business with you!

CJ Pony Parts, Inc.

This policy was last modified on 06/02/2023.

Close
Cookies & Privacy
By selecting "I Agree" or by closing this notification, you agree to our use of cookies and that you are over the age of consent. To contact us or learn more about opting out or limiting tracking, please read our privacy policy.
I Agree