
ClasificadosOnline.com

Internet Classifieds

1. ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS

Welcome to ClasificadosOnline!

ClasificadosOnline provides its service to you, subject to the following Terms of Service ("TOS"), which may be updated by us from time to time without notice. You can review the most current version of the TOS at any time in this address. All guidelines or rules are hereby incorporated by reference into the TOS.

https://www.clasificadosonline.com/TermsofService.asp

2. DESCRIPTION OF SERVICE

ClasificadosOnline currently provides users with access to online resources such as personalized content and programming through its service (the "Service"). Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance the current Service, including the release of new ClasificadosOnline properties, shall be subject to the TOS. You understand and agree that the Service is provided "AS-IS" and that ClasificadosOnline assumes no responsibility for the accuracy, content, or claims its advertisers make.

In order to use the Service, you must obtain access to the World Wide Web, either directly or through devices that access web-based content, and pay any service fees associated with such access. In addition, you must provide all equipment necessary to make such connection to the World Wide Web, including a computer and modem or other access device.

3. USER OBLIGATIONS

In consideration of your use of the Service, you agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Service's registration form (such information being the "Registration Data") and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. (c) post ads as available for sale not for intention of abusing ClasificadosOnline listing system or database.

If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or ClasificadosOnline has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or posting an abnormal amount of ads with the intention of overwhelming the system.  ClasificadosOnline has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service (or any portion thereof).

On each advertisement or ad you accept to:
A- have the merchandise physically available and subject to inspection in the geographic region marked by you in the ad.

B-that you have the legal authority to advertise the merchandise

4. CLASIFICADOSONLINE PRIVACY POLICY

Registration Data and certain other information about you are subject to our Privacy Policy. For more information, please see our full privacy policy.

5. MEMBER ACCOUNT, PASSWORD AND SECURITY

You will receive a password and account designation upon completing the ClasificadosOnline registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify ClasificadosOnline of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. ClasificadosOnline cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this Section 5.

6. MEMBER CONDUCT

You understand that all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages or other materials ("Content"), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from which such Content originated. This means that you, and not ClasificadosOnline, are entirely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, email or otherwise transmit via the Service. ClasificadosOnline does not control the Content posted via the Service and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. You understand that by using the Service, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will ClasificadosOnline be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any Content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed or otherwise transmitted via the Service. If you consider any Content information to be misleading or damaging, please notify us Here

You agree to not use the Service to:

a.upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable

b.harm minors in any way;

c.impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a ClasificadosOnline official, forum leader, guide or host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;

d.forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Service;

e.upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any Content that you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);

f.upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights ("Rights") of any party;

g.upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation;

h.upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;

i.interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Service;

j.intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, including, but not limited to, regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any rules of any national or other securities exchange, including, without limitation, the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ, and any regulations having the force of law;

k."stalk" or otherwise harass another; or

l.collect or store personal data about other users.

You acknowledge that ClasificadosOnline does not pre-screen Content, but that ClasificadosOnline and its designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to refuse or move any Content that is available via the Service. Without limiting the foregoing, ClasificadosOnline and its designees shall have the right to remove any Content that violates the TOS or is otherwise objectionable. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such Content.

You acknowledge and agree that ClasificadosOnline may preserve Content and may also disclose Content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce the TOS; (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third-parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of ClasificadosOnline, its users and the public.

You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Service, including your Content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.

7. RELEVANT, NOT REPEATING CONTENT

ClasificadosOnline content must be relevant to its section. Do not repeat the same ad on different sections or maintain multiple active ads of the same item

Each section has a limit of ads per day.

8. SPECIAL ADMONITIONS FOR INTERNATIONAL USE

Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable Content. Specifically, you agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside.

9. INDEMNITY

You agree to indemnify and hold ClasificadosOnline, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders or other partners, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of Content you submit, post to or transmit through the Service, your use of the Service, your connection to the Service, your violation of the TOS, or your violation of any rights of another.

a) Indemnification: Advertiser  is solely responsible for any legal liability arising out of or relating to (i) the content and other material set forth on ClasificadosOnline Websites and/or (ii) any content or material to which users can link through ClasificadosOnline Website. Advertiser hereby agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless ClasificadosOnline and its officers, directors, agents, affiliates and employees from and against all claims, actions, liabilities, losses, expenses, damages, and costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees) that may at any time be incurred by any of them by reason of any claims, suits or proceedings (a) for libel, defamation, violation of right of privacy or publicity, copyright infringement, trademark infringement or other infringement of any third party right, fraud, false advertising, misrepresentation, product liability or violation of any law, statute, ordinance, rule or regulation throughout the world in connection with ClasificadosOnline Website; (b) arising out of any material breach by Advertiser of any duty, representation or warranty under any agreement with ClasificadosOnline; or (c) relating to a contaminated file, virus, worm, or Trojan horse originating from the Advertiser computers.

10. NO RESALE OF SERVICE

You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service.

11. TERMINATION

You agree that ClasificadosOnline, in its sole discretion, may terminate your password, account (or any part thereof) or use of the Service, and remove and discard any Content within the Service, for any reason, including, without limitation, for lack of use or if ClasificadosOnline believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of the TOS. You agree that any termination of your access to the Service under any provision of this TOS may be effected without prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that ClasificadosOnline may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in your account and/or bar any further access to such files or the Service. Further, you agree that ClasificadosOnline shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your access to the Service.

For cancellations or to discontinue the service you may contact your representative or send us an electronic message Using this Link

12. DEALINGS WITH ADVERTISERS

Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers found on or through the Service, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such advertiser. You agree that ClasificadosOnline shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers on the Service.

13. LINKS

The Service may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other World Wide Web sites or resources. Because ClasificadosOnline has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that ClasificadosOnline is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any Content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that ClasificadosOnline shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.

14. CLASIFICADOSONLINE PROPRIETARY RIGHTS

You acknowledge and agree that the Service and any necessary software used in connection with the Service ("Software") contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. You further acknowledge and agree that Content contained in sponsor advertisements or information presented to you through the Service or advertisers is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws. Except as expressly authorized by ClasificadosOnline or advertisers, you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the Service or the Software, in whole or in part.

15. NOTICE

Notices to you may be made via either email or regular mail. The Service may also provide notices of changes to the TOS or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices to you generally on the Service.

16. TRADEMARK INFORMATION

CLASIFICADOSONLINE is a trademark of ClasificadosOnline. You agree not to display or use in any manner, the ClasificadosOnline trademark without consent from ClasificadosOnline. You can communicate with us for authorization at Here

17. GENERAL INFORMATION

The TOS constitute the entire agreement between you and ClasificadosOnline and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements between you and ClasificadosOnline. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate services, third-party content or third-party software. The TOS and the relationship between you and ClasificadosOnline shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico without regard to its conflict of law provisions. You and ClasificadosOnline agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of Tribunal General de Justicia del Estado Libre Asociado de PR, Sala de San Juan. The failure of ClasificadosOnline to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the TOS shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the TOS is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the TOS remain in full force and effect. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service or the TOS must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.

The section titles in the TOS are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.

18. VIOLATIONS

Please report any violations of the TOS Here

