Terms and Conditions

Thank you for being a customer!  If you place an order with Classic Firearms, you ACCEPT these terms and conditions.  Please read them carefully.

Classic Firearms is dedicated to complete customer satisfaction.  We have been the serving sporting good community for over 25 years and we truly value our customers.

By placing an order at ClassicFirearms.com, you acknowledge, agree to, and accept the following:
 

Legality
It is your responsibility to know the legality of the items you are ordering.  Some of the items for sale on our website may be restricted to adults and/or also may be restricted due to the area in which you reside.  These items include, but are not limited to, ammunition, firearms, and magazines.  Again, YOU, the customer, are responsible for verifying the legality of the item(s) you are ordering prior to placing your order.  Classic Firearms will not be held responsible for any items refused by your FFL.  It is up to you to contact your chosen FFL to inquire about the transfer of the items you are ordering prior to placing your order.

In addition to the above, Classic Firearms will not be held responsible for any items that were legal for a customer to purchase and/or own at the date the customer places an order, but which subsequently become restricted or illegal after the date of the customer’s order but before the customer’s receipt of the goods. Classic Firearms will attempt to cancel any such order, as requested by the customer, however if the order is already in-process or has been shipped, the customer will be responsible for return shipping charges. Classic Firearms will waive its right to restocking fees on orders of this nature.

 

 If purchasing ammunition, you understand, acknowledge, and agree to the following:
You MUST be a US CITIZEN.
You MUST be 21 years old to order any ammunition from Classic Firearms.
Your date of birth and driver license information must be provided when purchasing.
You must have never been convicted of a felony or crime punishable by imprisonment for a term exceeding one year.
You have never been adjudicated as mentally defective or been committed to a mental institution.
You never have been a fugitive from justice nor an unlawful user of any controlled substance.
You have never been dishonorably discharged from the Armed Forces.
You have never renounced your US citizenship.
You have never been convicted of a misdemeanor crime of domestic violence.
You have never been subject to a court order that restrains you from harassing, stalking, or threatening any individual, whether adult or child.
You understand ammunition (especially military surplus ammunition), by its very nature is inherently dangerous and you accept full liability regarding its use as well as full responsibility for the safe use and storage of any ammunition you purchase and/or possess.
Ammunition contains lead.  Exposure to lead may result in health problems.  Discharging firearms in poorly ventilated areas, and cleaning of firearms, may result in exposure to lead.  Use sufficient ventilation when firing and wash your hands after handling.
You are not prohibited from purchasing the ordered ammunition by any local, state, or federal laws regarding your criminal background, drug use, domestic violence protective orders, or other prohibitions and you are at least 21 years old.
All ammo sales are final.  We do not accept any returns on ammunition.
Classic Firearms reserves the right to refuse any ammunition order.
 

 If purchasing firearms, you understand, acknowledge, and agree to the following:
You acknowledge, agree to, and accept all of the above conditions for purchasing ammunition and…
You MUST be 21 years old to purchase handguns and receivers.  You MUST be 18 years old to purchase a long gun.
Firearms are ONLY sent to licensed FFL dealers or C&R holders where applicable.  If you are the end user and you are having your firearm shipped to a dealer for transfer, we must have your dealers FFL on file and you must have their permission to have your firearm shipped to them for transfer prior to placing your order with us.  Federal background checks are required before the FFL dealer can transfer the firearm to you.  ALL dealers will charge you a fee for transferring a firearm and you should contact the dealer to ask the amount of that fee prior to placing your order with us.
Classic Firearms must have a current copy of the dealers signed FFL or Collector of Curio & Relics License (C&R) BEFORE you can place your order with us.  It is also required to have a copy of any other necessary licenses that may be required on file prior to placing your order.
You understand firearms, especially military surplus firearms, by their very nature are inherently dangerous and you accept full liability for product failure or misuse.  You also accept full responsibility and liability for the safe use and storage of any firearms you purchase and/or possess.
All orders placed without, or prior to, a signed copy of the Federal Firearms License (or other necessary licensing) on file may be deleted without notice.
Classic Firearms reserves the right to refuse any firearm order.
Classic Firearms strongly recommends having all firearms, especially military surplus firearms, checked by a qualified gunsmith before firing.
If you order a firearm that normally comes with a mag that is not allowed in your state (due to hi capacity for example), your firearm will be shipped without the mag and with no adjustment nor discount to the price of the firearm.
You, the customer, are responsible for contacting your selected FFL prior to placing your order to verify the following  1) if they will accept the transfer for ALL items on your order,  2) what is their current address and does it match what is shown in their listing on our site for your order,  3) are they still in business,  4) what fees will they charge you for conducting the transfer.  Classic Firearms will not be responsible for any issues that arise from the customer's failure to follow this step.  Classic Firearms does not have any relationships with the FFLs on the list and thus the FFL is not a representative of Classic Firearms in any manner.
All firearms are shipped adult signature required. If no adult is available to sign for the package and it is returned to us, you will be responsible for the return shipping costs.

Shipping Information:
Items placed in an order may be shipped out of multiple warehouses. As appropriate, some items may be shipped to the FFL or the provided customer address.
All rifle, shotgun, and ammunition orders are shipped UPS Ground or FedEx Ground (no PO Box addresses please).
Handgun orders will either ship UPS Air, FedEx Express (Air) or USPS Priority mail at the discretion of Classic Firearms.
Accessory orders may be shipped via UPS Ground, FedEx Ground or any method offered by the USPS at the discretion of Classic Firearms.
Due to federal regulations, firearms and ammunition orders cannot be shipped in the same package.
Most orders are shipped within 24 hours of the order being placed.  Please allow and plan for delays during high volume periods as these can change drastically.  You will receive an email with tracking info once your item has shipped.  We ship to the USA only.  Our items are not to be exported.
Firearms will ONLY ship to an FFL holder (or C&R license holder if applicable).  If you do not have an FFL, then you must find one in your area to handle the transfer for you.
Shipping charges are never refunded.  If you return an item for any reason, please know we will not refund the shipping charges you incurred when we shipped the order to you.  No exceptions. This includes items returned due to a change in federal, state, or local regulations which may be enacted after the order is placed but prior to delivery to the customer.
If we have to send a return shipping label to get an item back from the FFL for any reason (you not passing background check, FFL refusing to do the transfer, you changed your mind, etc), we will deduct the return shipping charges from your refund.
We do NOT ship to PO Boxes.  No exceptions.
Free shipping offers only apply to the continental 48 states.  No free shipping to AK and HI.  If an order that contained free shipping is returned, a 15%restocking fee will always apply in order to cover the shipping costs we incurred.
Due to the high volume of orders we receive, we cannot combine multiple orders for shipping purposes.
Please inspect your order as soon as it is received.  If something is missing from your order, this will need to be reported within 3 days of the order being delivered.  Just call or email us with your name, order # and what is missing.  Please note we will not be able to assist with missing items that are not reported within the 3 day time frame of delivery.
In the event we ship additional items not ordered to you, or your FFL, you agree to either return the items to us or pay for the items if you wish to keep them. We will provide a prepaid label(s) for the return of any items shipped in error.
Classic Firearms will not be responsible for packages returned to us that are refused delivery and you will be liable for additional shipping charges to re-ship any packages.
All firearms are shipped adult signature required. If no adult is available to sign for the package and it is returned to us, you will be responsible for the return shipping costs.
We only ship firearms to an address on the FFL (or C&R, if applicable) license. Firearms shipments cannot be held at the hub, shipped to alternate locations, or rerouted. They must be delivered to the shipping address and signed for by an adult.
You as the customer are responsible for the billing and shipping information being entered correctly on your order. If you enter the shipping address incorrectly on an order, Classic Firearms is not responsible if that order is not delivered to the address correctly.
Shipping insurance is offered to our customers at a rate of $1.50 per $100 increments of the ordered item(s) cost and is optional. Purchasing the shipping insurance is highly recommended and is non-refundable once the order is shipped. Subject to the terms and conditions, shipping insurance covers the contents of your order against loss or damage during transit. Shipping insurance coverage ends upon delivery at the shipping address, as determined in reference to the shipping carrier tracking system. If you do not purchase shipping insurance, Classic Firearms will in no way be responsible or liable for order contents lost or damaged during transit. All shipping insurance claims must be submitted by the addressee in writing to Classic Firearms within the earlier of 3 days after the delivery date (determined by the shipping carrier tracking system) and 15 days after the shipping date. Classic Firearms reserves the right to require proof of loss or damage as a condition of fulfilling a claim, which may include, without limitation, your retention of damaged items, shipping containers, and/or shipping materials, submission of photos of damaged items and/or shipping containers/materials, or return of damaged contents. All claims are subject to approval by the shipping carrier. If approved, shipping insurance claims are limited to a maximum liability in the lesser amount of the order subtotal including shipping but excluding shipping insurance, and other additional costs.
 

Pricing Statement
All prices are subject to change without notice.  We are not responsible for typographical errors or any other wacky digital weirdness which may occur. Not all items are as pictured.  Importation and manufacturing prices fluctuate frequently causing prices to sometimes rapidly and unexpectedly change.  All prices are subject to change for any reason at any time.
Sale prices - If an item you previously purchased goes on sale at a lower price, you can receive the lower price ONLY if your item has not already been delivered to the shipping address on your order. Sale prices are valid for the sale period and only while supplies last.
 

Gift Card Terms and Conditions
Purchasing Gift Cards. Classic Firearms offers electronic gift cards (“Gift Cards”) that can be purchased only at https://www.classicfirearms.com (“Website”). You must create or sign in to an account with Classic Firearms to purchase Gift Cards, which also constitutes acceptance of the Classic Firearms Website Terms and Conditions. You must have a valid e-mail address for the person who will receive the Gift Card for the purchase to be complete. Classic Firearms will provide Gift Cards electronically in the form of a unique promotional code sent via e-mail to the recipient of the Gift Card. No physical cards will be issued.
Redeeming Gift Cards. You must be signed in to your account on the Website to make a purchase. Redeem any Gift Cards by typing the promotional code in the appropriate box during checkout. Codes do not automatically apply to your cart; you still need to type them in to use them. Gift Cards may only be redeemed in connection with new purchases on the Website and may not be applied to previous purchases. Gift Card balances will be used against the total order amount, including any applicable shipping/handling fees, taxes, and other fees that may apply, and may not be applied to specific items within an order. Gift cards may not be used to purchase another gift card. Any unused Gift Card balance after a purchase will remain on the Gift Card account. If any purchase exceeds the total value of the Gift Card account, the balance must be paid with a credit card or any other payment method accepted by Classic Firearms before checkout. Invalid, unintelligible or otherwise unidentifiable Gift Card numbers will not be redeemed.
Gift Card Amount. The holder of a Gift Card can keep track of their gift card balance in their Classic Firearms account by clicking on "Gift Cards" on the account dashboard menu and entering the gift card code into the box, then clicking "Submit." Once the amount associated with a Gift Card code is exhausted, that code will no longer be valid and may no longer show up in the holder’s account.
Restrictions. Gift Cards cannot be reloaded or recharged. Gift Cards may not be transferred to another account or resold. Gift Cards cannot be returned or redeemed for cash unless required by applicable law. If applicable law requires Classic Firearms to redeem Gift Cards for cash, Classic Firearms will send a check made payable to the holder of the account with which the Gift Card is associated for the remaining balance available on the Gift Card within 30 days of the request for redemption. If you return an item or cancel an order to which a Gift Card payment was applied, the Gift Card amount will be restored as store credit. Any other payments will be processed pursuant to the applicable provisions in these Terms and Conditions. Classic Firearms reserves the right to reject and/or cancel any Gift Card, terminate the associated Website Account, and take any other appropriate legal actions, if Classic Firearms suspects that any Gift Card has been obtained or is being used fraudulently, in its sole discretion. Classic Firearms reserves the right to correct the Gift Card balance if it discovers that a clerical, billing or accounting error has occurred.
Risk of Loss. Once Classic Firearms has sent the e-mail to the Gift Card recipient with the promotional code, all title and risk of loss associated with that Gift Card passes to the holder of the Gift Card. Classic Firearms has no obligation to replace lost or stolen Gift Card codes except where required by law. You are solely responsible for the security of your Website account, password and Gift Card code. If you believe that someone has improperly used or stolen your Gift Card code, please report the circumstances to Classic Firearms Customer Support at 704-774-1102 or www.classicfirearms.com/contacts/. If by law Classic Firearms is required to remit your Gift Card balance to a state agency as abandoned property due to lack of use of the Gift Card, you agree and acknowledge that it will be your responsibility to reclaim the Gift Card balance from the state before using the Gift Card.
No Expiration Date or Fees. Gift Cards have no expiration date. Classic Firearms charges no dormancy fee, service fee, or other fees in connection with the purchase or redemption of Gift Cards.
Limitation of Liability. GIFT CARDS ARE PROVIDED BY CLASSIC FIREARMS FREE OF ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. CLASSIC FIREARMS IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE QUALITY, LEGALITY, OR ANY OTHER ASPECT OF THE ITEMS PURCHASED WITH THE GIFT CARD.
 

Warranty for USED Firearms/Products (when Classic Firearms Limited Lifetime Warranty not added to order)
Classic Firearms extends no warranty and is not responsible for any damages due to failure of used products.
Used parts and firearms are sold as is.  This “sold as-is” policy includes ALL C&R eligible firearms.
We suggest having a certified gunsmith inspect, install and/or test all used parts and firearms prior to use.
Owner’s manuals are provided with most, but not all, firearms.
 

Warranty for NEW Firearms/Products (when Classic Firearms Limited Lifetime Warranty not added to order)
New firearms/products are warranted by the manufacturer and product returns/repairs should be arranged directly with the manufacturer.
Most manufacturers will require the customer to pay shipping to send firearms to them for repair.  This is not ideal, but is the policy of most.  Please expect to be responsible for the shipping if you have a warranty issue.  Please do not order from our company if this is a concern to you.  We are being 100% upfront in an effort to avoid you being surprised later.
 

Classic Firearms Supplemental Limited Lifetime Warranty Terms and Conditions
Classic Firearms provides for purchase a supplemental limited lifetime warranty (the “warranty”) on certain items. If the warranty is not provided as an option to purchase for an item or you do not purchase the warranty on the item when the option is made available, then Classic Firearms does not, and is under no obligation to, provide a warranty for that item. All warranties are subject to these terms and conditions.

If the item under Classic Firearms’ warranty also includes a warranty from the manufacturer, then the Classic Firearms warranty does not run concurrently with the manufacturer’s warranty but begins only upon expiration of the manufacturer’s warranty and acts as an extension of the manufacturer’s warranty. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, Classic Firearms warrants such item only to the extent of the applicable manufacturer’s warranty (in effect at the time of your purchase of the item). If Classic Firearms cannot reasonably determine the scope of the applicable manufacturer’s warranty, then the scope of warranty provided by Classic Firearms will be limited to the warranty described in 2 below.
For all items under Classic Firearms’ warranty that do not also include a warranty from the manufacturer or where Classic Firearms cannot reasonably determine the scope of the applicable manufacturer’s warranty at the time of the claim, Classic Firearms warrants that:
if the warranted item is purchased in newly manufactured condition (as denoted on the item description available on the website at the time of purchase), it is free of defects in material or workmanship from the date of the original purchase of the item and warranty; or
if the warranted item is purchased in surplus or used condition (as denoted on the item description available on the website at the time of purchase), it is free of defects in materials or workmanship from the date of the original purchase of the item and warranty, except for those defects set forth in the item description available on the website at the time of purchase or those defects related to night sights.
CLASSIC FIREARMS’ SOLE OBLIGATION under this warranty and, to the extent permitted by law, any warranty or condition implied by law shall be the repair or replacement of the parts, without charge, which are, in the case of a warranty provided under 1 above, qualified under the terms of the manufacturer’s warranty and, in the case of a warranty provided under 2 above, defective in material or workmanship. At Classic Firearms’ sole discretion, a replacement item or store credit may be provided if an item is unrepairable. If a replacement item is provided, the original warranty will remain in effect for the replacement item. Store credit will be provided at the lower of the purchase price or the then current retail value of the item, as determined by Classic Firearms.
The warranty applies only to the item in the condition as originally sold by Classic Firearms. The warranty does not cover: the replacement or refinishing of parts that are subject to normal wear and tear through the lifespan of the item; issues related to accuracy of any item; and any accessories that come with the item or attachments to the item.
This warranty is void if the item is transferred to someone other than the original purchaser or if the item has been damaged in shipment, by accident, misuse, neglect, improper service or maintenance, modifications to the item, or repairs by persons other than Classic Firearms or its authorized service centers.
This warranty does not include shipping costs associated with a warranty claim. You are responsible for shipping the warranty item back to Classic Firearms as necessary to fulfill the terms of the warranty.
The warranty extends only to the original purchaser of the item, as listed on the sales receipt, and is non-transferrable.
Repaired items will generally be sent back to you. However, if the item requires replacement, you may be required to take delivery of the replacement from a licensed FFL dealer in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations. In this event, you may incur additional charges that are not covered by the warranty, including, without limitation, transfer fees and background check fees.
The purchase price for the warranty is non-refundable after the earlier to occur of (a) 15 days from the delivery date of the item and (b) you file a warranty claim on the item.
To make a claim under this warranty, you must return the complete item to Classic Firearms or a Classic Firearms authorized service center. You must provide in writing full details of the defect or malfunction, your name, the purchase date, and a copy of your sales receipt (or other acceptable proof of purchase). For questions about the warranty or information about making a claim, please contact:
Phone: 704-774-1102
Fax: 704-469-5775
Email: sales@classicfirearms.com
Mailing Address: PO Box 125, Indian Trail, NC 28079
IN NO EVENT SHALL CLASSIC FIREARMS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGE OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, CAUSED BY ANY DEFECT OR MALFUNCTION. ADDITIONALLY, CLASSIC FIREARMS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE DURING THE PERIOD IN WHICH THE ITEM IS INOPERABLE, BEING REPAIRED, OR OTHERWISE AWAITING REPAIR OR PARTS. CLASSIC FIREARMS MAKES NO WARRANTIES EXCEPT FOR THOSE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. All disclaimers and limitations of liability shall still apply even if the limited remedy of repair and replacement fails of its essential purpose. This warranty gives you special legal rights and you may also have other rights, which vary from state to state. Some states do not allow exclusion or limitations of incidental or consequential damages or limitations on how long any implied warranty may last, so the above exclusions and limitations may not apply to you.
Any action against Classic Firearms arising from or in connection with an alleged breach of this warranty must be brought within 1 year of the claimed breach.

Return Policy
Returns are very costly to internet sellers of firearms.  Due to the expense incurred by returns, we make every effort to insure your order is shipped accurately and the product meets the standards of our advertising.  If a return must be made, please note the following policies:

No returns will be accepted after 15 days of the delivery date.
You must first call to get a RMA # before returning any merchandise.  Failure to do so will result in your return package not being accepted.
Return shipping charges are the responsibility of the customer in ALL instances except one in which we shipped you the incorrect item due to our error.  If the incorrect product was shipped by our error, a call tag or return shipping label may be issued to return the item.
All returned items must be returned in the same condition in which we sent them.  Classic Firearms reserves the right to evaluate the merchandise to determine if a refund or exchange will be made.
IMPORTANT – An RMA # and a detailed note explaining the reason must be included with all returns.  Be sure to include all current contact information, ie, name, address, daytime phone number, email address and copy of invoice.
For all items under a manufacturer warranty, the customer should handle the return directly with the manufacturer.
No returns will be accepted on any parts kits for any reason, including missing/damaged parts.  Buyer assumes all responsibility for missing/damaged parts, etc when ordering a parts kit.
No returns will be accepted for cosmetic issues, missing items, etc once the firearm(s) has been transferred to you by your FFL (dealer).  ALWAYS inspect your firearm(s) PRIOR to accepting the transfer from your dealer.
Shipping charges are never refunded.  If you return an item for any reason, please know we will not refund the shipping charges you incurred when we shipped the order to you.  No exceptions.
If we have to send a return shipping label to get an item back from your FFL for any reason (not passing background check, FFL refusing to do the transfer, you changed your mind, etc), we will deduct the return shipping charges from your refund.
Firearms cannot ship with a live round in them. You must remove live rounds from firearms before shipping them.

Suppressor Return Policy
When purchasing a suppressor with us, you will create a profile with Capitol Armory (our suppressor fulfillment partner) and register an account with the ATF so that you can submit your fingerprints and Form 4 for processing. NOTE: Both Form 4 and fingerprints are still required even though the $200 tax stamp fee is no longer applicable beginning Jan 2026. Because of these additional requirements, suppressor returns and cancellations are handled differently than standard returns/cancellations for firearms, ammunition, accessories, etc. Please be aware of the following Returns & Cancellations policy when placing your suppressor order:

For cancellations within 30 days of purchase where ATF paperwork has not been initiated, there is no cancellation fee.
For cancellations after 30 days of purchase where ATF paperwork has not been initiated, you will be charged a 10% cancellation fee to cover the time and expense associated with your order. The remaining balance will be refunded to you (less 3% credit card processing fees, if applicable).
For cancellations after ATF paperwork has been initiated, the $200.00 tax stamp is non-refundable. If your order is cancelled after the ATF paperwork has been submitted for processing, you will be charged a 35% cancellation fee to cover the time and expense associated with your order. The remaining balance will be refunded to you (less 3% credit card processing fees, if applicable).
Orders cannot be canceled by email. Any cancellations via email will not be accepted. You must call 704-774-1102 during normal business hours and speak to a representative to cancel your order.
Non-Refundable Items: NFA trusts are not eligible for refunds.
For additional information about purchasing a suppressor, please refer to our Suppressor FAQs or contact a member of our customer service team and we will be happy to assist you.
 

Order Cancelations 
We invest time and money in every order placed as soon as your payment is processed (our automated processes begin immediately after the order is placed).  For this reason and since there is work involved internally with canceling an order, all orders canceled for any reason will be charged a 15% cancelation fee.  By placing an order with us (online or by phone), you agree to pay a 15% cancelation fee (maximum fee of $25.00) should you decide to cancel your order for any reason.  Additionally, If a credit card was used for the order, your refund will be minus 3% credit card fee as well as the cancelation fee.  This fee is charged even if you cancel immediately (within seconds) after placing the order.  Please be sure of your order, and it's accuracy, before you place it with us.  We do not like to charge a cancellation fee and apologize for having to do so, but it is necessary when cancelations occur.
Threatening us that you will tell your friends, post negative comments on the internet, dispute the credit card charge, etc, will NOT cause us to waive this fee.  Unless you are 100% sure you want the order, please do NOT place it.  Thank you for your understanding of this policy.
Orders can not be canceled by email.  Any cancelations via email will not be accepted.  You must call 704.774.1102 during normal business hours and speak to a representative to cancel your order.
Orders in status: Ready for Picking, Pack, or Complete cannot be canceled.
 

Changes to your Order
No changes can be made to an order after it has been placed as it relates to items ordered or quantities ordered.  Be sure your order is correct before you hit submit.
 Your order will ship to the FFL dealer you select when placing the order.  Only select the FFL dealer if you intend to use him for the transfer as any changes will incur a $15.00 FFL change fee.  Be sure to ALWAYS contact your selected FFL before placing your order to verify 1) if they are still in business,  2) will they accept the transfer for ALL items on your order,  3) is their address correct in their listing on our site used for your order, and 4) what fees will they charge you for conducting the transfer.  This applies to FFLs labeled as preferred as well.  If an FFL dealer change is required on your order after it is placed, you will be assessed a $15.00 fee (per order) for changing the FFL dealer.  FFL dealer changes are time consuming and an interruption to our workflow and thus the nominal fee is necessary.
 

Refunds
Refunds processed within 90 days of the original purchase date will be issued in the same manner in which the original payment was made.
A refund processed after 90 days of the original purchase date will be issued as a store credit.
Credit Card refunds are subject to a 3% return fee.
Classic Firearms Gift Cards cannot be returned unless required by applicable law. click here for the specific terms and conditions applicable to our Gift Cards, which are incorporated into these terms and conditions.
Restocking Fee – If we deem a return was made without reasonable cause, or where we deem using our judgment the product meets the advertised condition, the refund will be charged a 15% restocking fee.
Canceled Orders – Any order canceled for any reason will be charged a 15% cancelation fee (maximum fee of $25.00).
Transfer Fees charged by your dealer – You should always inspect your firearm(s) PRIOR to completing the transfer with your dealer to whom the firearm(s) was shipped.  Fees charged by a dealer transferring a firearm to the end user will not be refunded by Classic Firearms for any reason.  These transactions are at the full risk and expense of the consumer.
Shipping charges are never refunded.  If you return an item for any reason, please know we will not refund the shipping charges you incurred when we shipped the item to you.  No exceptions.
If we have to send a return shipping label; to get an item back from your FFL for any reason (you failed background check, FFL refused to do the transfer, you changed you mind, etc), we will deduct the return shipping charges from your refund.
Packages returned to the sender for any reason (this includes an FFL being closed or no adult available to sign for a package) will be refunded minus the original shipping charge, the return shipping charges, and the restocking fee. Thank you for your understanding of this policy.
 

Refused Packages
Refused packages will be subject to the return shipping charges.  In the instance where the delivery of an order was refused is to be refunded, the refund will be minus the original shipping charge, the return shipping charges and the restocking fee. Thank you for your understanding of this policy.
 

Exchanges
When returning items to be exchanged, please include estimated shipping charges to ship the replacement item.
All returned items must be returned in the same condition in which we sent them.  Classic Firearms reserves the right to evaluate the merchandise to determine if a refund or exchange will be made.
No exchanges/returns will be accepted for cosmetic issues once the firearm(s) has been transferred to you by your FLL (dealer).  ALWAYS inspect your firearm(s) PRIOR to accepting the transfer from your dealer.
 

Product Reviews on Our Website
Classic Firearms welcomes your reviews, comments, and other communications, photos, videos, or any other content that you submit through or to the Site as long as the User Content submitted by you complies with these Terms & Conditions. You agree that any User Content: will be accurate; will not violate or facilitate the violation of any law or regulation; will not violate any right of a third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or publicity rights; will not cause injury to any person or entity; and will not contain, or provide links to, obscene, profane, or threatening language, malware, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, any form of "spam", or any material that could be considered harmful, sexually explicit, indecent, lewd, violent, abusive, or degrading. You are solely responsible for the User Content you submit, and Classic Firearms assumes no liability for any User Content submitted by you. You acknowledge and agree that we reserve the right (but have no obligation) to do any or all of the following, in our sole discretion: (i) monitor User Content; (ii) alter, remove, or refuse to post or allow to be posted any User Content; and/or (iii) disclose any User Content, and the circumstances surrounding its transmission, to any third party. For any User Content you submit, you grant to Classic Firearms a non-exclusive, sub-licensable, fully paid-up, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable right and license to use, display, perform, transmit, copy, modify, delete, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, sell and distribute such User Content and to incorporate the User Content into any form, medium, or technology, now known or hereafter developed, throughout the world, all without compensation to you. In addition, you grant to Classic Firearms the right to include the name provided along with the User Content submitted by you; provided, however, Classic Firearms shall have no obligation to include such name with such User Content. We are not responsible for the use or disclosure of any personal information that you voluntarily disclose in connection with any User Content you submit.

 

Accepted Forms of Payment
Visa
Mastercard
Discover
American Express
We offer alternative financing through Credova, a third party financing platform. See Credova's Terms of Service here.
Classic Firearms Gift Cards. Click here for the specific terms and conditions applicable to our Gift Cards, which are incorporated into these terms and conditions.
NOTE – If you are making payment with credit or debit card, please understand Classic Firearms will take no responsibility for any overdraft charges associated with the transaction; this includes any charges associated with processing errors, etc.

 

2 Ways to Place Order Your Order(s)
Order online at www.classicfirearms.com
Call us at 704.774.1102 to place your order
 

Hand Select Options
For certain items, we offer a hand select option.  Hand select typically means we will pick you the best 1 out of 10 when looking at exterior cosmetics.  Please know that hand select does not mean your item will be perfect and hand select has nothing to do with the bore, since we will be looking at exterior cosmetics only.  To be clear, hand select does not guarantee any specific condition, nor does it mean it will look like your friend's hand selected gun nor does it mean it will look like the hand selected one someone posted a photo or video of on our site or in a forum.  However, hand select does mean your item will be the cosmetically best exterior of the 10 looked at for your particular order.
 

Pictures on our Website
Unless otherwise stated on our website, the pictures are representative and are not usually of the exact product you will receive, thus there may be slight differences in color, design, markings, etc. 
Accessories – extra items such as pouches, cleaning rods or kits, slings, holsters, etc not explicitly mentioned in the firearm description (even if they are in the picture) are not guaranteed to be included with the gun.  Surplus firearms often vary from one to the other as to which accessories are included and.....what may be included with one shipment, may not be included with the next shipment we receive.  The color and/or condition of those accessories will vary as well.
 

Images Uploaded by Classic Firearms Users
Classic Firearms reserves the right to use images uploaded, emailed, or otherwise transferred to Classic Firearms in marketing-related materials, including but not limited to email, website content, and/or postings to third-party websites and social media.

 

Product Descriptions on Our Website
We do our very best to post accurate and error-free descriptions on our website.  However, we are human and thus errors will be made from time-to-time.
Classic Firearms does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free.  If a product offered by Classic Firearms itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition.
We reserve the right to refuse any order including but not limited to orders for items with errors in the description, title, or price.  In the event that we cancel an order, we will not charge the customer's credit card or we will return the money if we did charge the credit card.
If an item's description contains an error such as incorrect price and a customer orders one, we will not ship the order without first contacting the customer.  If the order is mistakenly shipped, we may advise the customer to return the item in an unopened condition and we will not bill the customer.

DISCLAIMER: "GLOCK" is a federally registered trademark of GLOCK, Inc. and is one of many trademarks owned by GLOCK, Inc. and GLOCK Ges.m.b.H. Neither Classic Firearms, LLC nor this site are affiliated in any manner with, or otherwise endorsed by, GLOCK, Inc. or GLOCK Ges.m.b.H. The use of “GLOCK” on this page is merely to advertise the sale of GLOCK pistols, parts, or components. For additional genuine GLOCK, Inc. and GLOCK Ges.m.b.H products and parts visit www.glock.com.


Email Communication
By providing your email address at ClassicFirearms.com, you are agreeing to receive marketing communications from us regarding products and pricing available at ClassicFirearms.com. You can unsubscribe from these communications at any time.


Auctions
Placing a bid constitutes joining into a binding legal contract with the seller to purchase the Item on the terms stated in this Agreement, the general site agreement and in the Listing. You agree that if your bid is the winning bid, you will complete the purchase of the Item. You agree that you will not bid on or engage with any Item unless the transfer and transport of that Item to you can be done in accordance with all Legal Requirements. You represent and warrant that you are bidding on all Items only for your own account and not for the benefit of any third party. You warrant that you are familiar with the U.S. statutes and regulations governing export controls, sanctions, embargoes, and you additionally agree that: (i) you are not a national of or located in any country embargoed by the United States, and (ii) you are not on the Excluded Parties List System, the Specially Designated Nationals List, or the Denied Persons List, and You are not listed on any other lists maintained by the U.S. federal government which prohibits or restricts participating in commercial or other transactions, and You are not using or accessing the Site on behalf of a party who is on any such lists.


Sweepstakes
Our sweepstakes are governed by the individual terms and conditions available for each giveaway.


Mobile Terms & Conditions
Classic Firearms offers its customers marketing and promotional mobile alerts (e.g. cart reminders) by SMS message (the "Service") on 65598. By participating in the Service, you are agreeing to these Terms and to the Privacy Policy.

Signing Up and Opting-In to the Service
Enrollment in the Service requires you to provide your mobile phone number and to agree to these terms and conditions. Only United States mobile numbers are eligible to participate. You may not enroll if you are under 21 years old. Before the Service starts, you will need to agree to these Terms. Classic Firearms reserves the right to stop offering the Service at any time with or without notice. Classic Firearms also reserves the right to change the short code or phone number from which messages are sent and we will notify you when we do so.

By opting into the Service, you:

A. Authorize Classic Firearms to use an automatic telephone dialing system to send recurring text messages, which may be automated, to the mobile phone number associated with your opt-in (i.e., the number listed on the opt-in form or, if none, the number from which you send the opt-in, or, if none, the number on file for the account associated with your opt-in). 
B. Acknowledge that you do not have to agree to receive messages as a condition of purchase. 
C. Confirm that you are the subscriber to the relevant phone number or that you are the customary user of that number on a family or business plan and that you are authorized to opt in. 
D. Consent to the use of an electronic record to document your opt-in. To request a free paper or email copy of the opt-in or to update our records with your contact information, Contact Us (https://www.classicfirearms.com/contacts/). To view and retain an electronic copy of these Terms or the rest of your opt-in, you will need (i) a device (such as a computer or mobile phone) with Internet access, and (ii) and either a printer or storage space on such device. For an email copy, you'll also need an email account you can access from the device, along with a browser or other software that can display the emails.

Content You May Receive
Once you affirm your choice to opt-in to the Service on 65598, your message frequency may vary based on your interactions and initiated texts. You may receive alerts about:

A. Sale promotions
B. Event information
C. Product launch announcements
D. Cart reminders
E. Back in stock alerts
F. Price drop alerts
G. Low inventory alerts

Charges and Carriers
Message and data rates may apply. Please consult your service agreement with your wireless carrier or contact your wireless carrier to determine your phone's pricing plan and the charges for sending and receiving text messages. You acknowledge that you are responsible for any message, data or other charges incurred (usage, subscription, etc.) as a result of using the Service.

Supported carriers are AT&amp;T, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Boost, Virgin Mobile, U.S. Cellular, Cricket, Alltel, Cincinnati Bell, Cellcom, C-Spire, nTelos, MetroPCS, and other smaller regional carriers. The Service may not be available on all wireless carriers. Classic Firearms may add or remove any wireless carrier from the Service at any time without notice. Classic Firearms and the mobile carriers are not responsible for any undue delays, failure of delivery, or errors in messages.

To Stop the Service
To stop receiving text messages from Classic Firearms, text the word STOP, QUIT, END, REVOKE, OPT OUT, CANCEL, or UNSUBSCRIBE to 65598 any time or reply STOP, QUIT, END, REVOKE, OPT OUT, CANCEL, or UNSUBSCRIBE to any of the text messages you have received from Classic Firearms. You can also contact us at https://www.classicfirearms.com/contacts/. These are the exclusive methods for opting out. After opting out, you will receive one additional message confirming that your request has been processed.

Questions
You can text HELP for help at any time to 65598. This will provide you with a link to Contact Us (https://www.classicfirearms.com/contacts/). You can also contact us at the Classic Firearms PO Box 125 Indian Trail, NC 28079.

Changes to Terms
These Mobile Terms and Conditions are subject to change at any time without notice.

Text ALERTS to 65598 to receive promotional alerts from Classic Firearms.

Text STOP to 65598 to opt-out.

Text HELP to 65598, or call:(704) 774-1102, email: sales@ClassicFirearms.com for assistance.

Arbitration and Class Action Waiver
Please read this carefully.  It affects your rights. Any dispute or claim relating in any way to your use of Classic Firearms' services will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than court.

This agreement to arbitrate is intended to be broadly interpreted, and expressly includes claims brought under the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, 47 U.S.C. §227 et seq., or any other statute, regulation, or legal or equitable theory.  You and Classic Firearms hereby agree that the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 1, et seq. (“FAA”) applies to this agreement to arbitrate, and governs all questions of whether a dispute is subject to arbitration. Unless you and we agree otherwise in writing, arbitration shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association’s Consumer Arbitration Rules in effect at the time of filing of the arbitration (the “AAA’s Rules”).  However, just as a court would, the arbitrator or arbitrators must honor the terms and limitations in this Agreement, and can award damages and relief (including any attorneys’ fees) authorized by law and/or the AAA’s Rules.  The arbitration decision and award is final and binding, with some exceptions under the FAA, and judgment on the award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.  YOU AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AND CLASSIC FIREARMS ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY AND THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR COLLECTIVE PROCEEDING.

THIS AGREEMENT DOES NOT ALLOW FOR CLASS ARBITRATIONS EVEN IF THE PROCEDURES OR RULES OF THE AAA WOULD.  RATHER, YOU AND WE ARE ONLY ENTITLED TO PURSUE ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL, BILATERAL BASIS.  FURTHER, AND UNLESS YOU AND CLASSIC FIREARMS AGREE OTHERWISE IN WRITING, THE ARBITRATOR(S) MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE MORE THAN ONE INDIVIDUAL PARTY’S CLAIMS WITH ANY OTHER PARTY’S CLAIMS, AND MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A REPRESENTATIVE OR COLLECTIVE PROCEEDING.

You and Classic Firearms are each responsible for our respective costs relating to counsel, experts, and witnesses, as well as any other costs relating to the arbitration. Classic Firearms, however, will pay for the arbitration administrative or filing fees, including the arbitrator and/or other AAA case management fees, for any claim seeking $75,000 or less, unless the claim is determined by the arbitrator to be frivolous.  Otherwise, the AAA’s Rules regarding costs and payment apply. This agreement to arbitrate does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies. Such agencies can, if the law allows, seek relief against us on your behalf.

If any term of this Section (Arbitration and Class Action Waiver) is to any extent illegal, otherwise invalid, or incapable of being enforced, such term shall be excluded to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability; all other terms hereof shall remain in full force and effect; and, to the extent permitted and possible, the invalid or unenforceable term shall be deemed replaced by a term that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of such invalid or unenforceable term.  If application of this Severability provision should materially and adversely affect the economic substance of the transactions contemplated hereby, the Party adversely impacted shall be entitled to compensation for such adverse impact, provided the reason for the invalidity or unenforceability of a term is not due to serious misconduct by the Party seeking such compensation.

Copyright
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Classic Firearms or its content suppliers and protected by the United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Classic Firearms and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of Classic Firearms or its software suppliers and protected by the United States and international copyright laws.


Applicable Law
By visiting our website, you agree that the laws of the state of North Carolina, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of  Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Classic Firearms or its affiliates. 


Age Restrictions 
By placing an order at ClassicFirearms.com, you are agreeing that you are of legal age to purchase each of the items listed on your order. This includes, but is not limited to, attesting that you are at least 21 years of age if you are purchasing a handgun, a lower receiver, or handgun ammunition and that you are at least 18 years of age if you are purchasing a long gun or long gun ammunition.  


WARNING:  ALL FIREARMS AND AMMUNITION BUYERS/USERS SHOULD RECEIVE PROPER INSTRUCTION AND TRAINING IN THE CORRECT USE OF THESE PRODUCTS PRIOR TO USING THEM.
Last updated - 08/05/25