YOUR USE OF THE CNBC WEBSITES, EVENTS, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ARE GOVERNED BY THE VERSANT TERMS OF SERVICE  (“Versant ToS”), PRIVACY POLICY , THESE SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS, OTHER RELEVANT SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS, AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENTATION, POLICIES, OR GUIDELINES THAT WE MAY PROVIDE IN WRITING.

IMPORTANT NOTE:  THE VERSANT TERMS OF SERVICE, WHICH ARE INCORPORATED INTO THE SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS BELOW, INCLUDE A MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION.

Supplemental Terms

Updated November 21, 2025

Capitalized terms not defined below will have the meanings given to such terms in the Versant ToS. We may modify the Supplemental Terms and encourage you to check back here from time to time for any modifications we may make to these Supplemental Terms.

BY USING THE BELOW CNBC SERVICES, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND AND ABIDE BY THE APPLICABLE SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS OF SERVICE, WHICH INCORPORATE THE VERSANT ToS. 

The following additional terms, which are part of these Supplemental Terms, apply to your use of the relevant CNBC Services: Table of Contents

CNBC Councils

CNBC Events

CNBC Media Hub

Smarter by CNBC Make It

BACK TO TOP

CNBC+ Supplemental Terms

These CNBC+ Supplemental Terms (“CNBC+ Terms”) apply to your use of the CNBC+ Services.

For more information regarding the CNBC+ Services, please visit our CNBC Help Center. To the extent there is a conflict between these Supplemental CNBC+ Terms (including the Versant ToS) and the information on the CNBC Help Center, these Supplemental CNBC+ Terms will prevail with respect to such conflict.

1. Use of CNBC+ Services

1.1. License. We grant you a limited, non-sublicensable, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to access and use the CNBC+ Services only in accordance with these Supplemental CNBC+ Terms.

1.2. CNBC+ Services. CNBC+ offers access to live and modified live feeds of CNBC Content produced from multiple regions and video on demand (“VOD”) extras directly to users. CNBC+ Content will contain closed captioning, video description information and other data as may be required by law or regulation. CNBC+ may use Nielsen proprietary measurement software, such as Nielsen TV Ratings, or any other third-party measurement software, to contribute to market research and measure the performance of advertisements. Certain Content may not be authorized for particular geographic areas. Certain Content may not be authorized for particular devices or streaming platforms.

1.3. Content Subjectivity and Quality. We strive to provide a variety of Content for our users to enjoy. The Content tends to elicit varying reactions among different people. You may come across Content that you disagree with or find objectionable. Content ratings, types, genres, categories and descriptions are provided as suggestions to help with navigation and for informational purposes. You acknowledge these risks and your responsibility for making your own choices regarding what Content is appropriate for you. We use various technologies to provide you with an optimal viewing experience. However, the playback quality of Content, including resolution, may be affected by the format of the Content, your location, the speed, bandwidth and specific terms of your Internet service, and the devices and equipment used, among other factors. The time it takes you to begin viewing Content will vary based on a number of factors, including your location, Internet bandwidth, the number of devices simultaneously connecting to the same network, the Content you have selected, and the configuration of the device you are using. As a result, we are unable to make any warranties about the Content in these respects.

1.4. Use Restrictions. Unless you have a commercial subscription, use of CNBC+ is for personal purposes only and is not permitted in any public viewing spaces (e.g., lobby, bar, restaurant, stadium, etc.). You may not use any device, technology or service allowing users to automatically tune away from, or to skip or delete (other than manual scrubbing), advertising or promotions on a recorded program. We prohibit downloadable (other than caching), sideloadable, transferable or uploadable copies of Content by a user. Other than the recording services provided within CNBC+, you are prohibited from any recording, copying, storage, rebroadcasting, retransmission or redistribution of any live or VOD Content. Your CNBC+ account may be limited to a certain number of simultaneous streams, which we may change from time to time at our discretion, and you may not exceed that limit. You may not scrape, repackage, reproduce, republish, recirculate, offer for sale, sell, create derivative works from, integrate into other products or services, or otherwise share with others for profit or commercial gain, the CNBC+ Content or any other data or results from the CNBC+ Services. You may not use the CNBC+ Content or the CNBC+ Services to create, offer, or promote any competitive services.

2. Modification, Suspension and Cancellation of the CNBC+ Services

2.1. Cancellation. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion without prior notice, to discontinue the CNBC+ service at any time. In such an event, we will provide you with a prorated refund of any prepaid Fees (as defined below) based on the remaining time of your subscription period. We also reserve the right to suspend or terminate your CNBC+ account in our sole discretion without prior notice and without any obligation to provide a refund of prepaid fees.

2.2. Modification. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion without prior notice, to make changes to the CNBC+ Services and the Content made available to you therefrom, including any cancellation of services and removal of such Content, in whole or in part. The availability of CNBC+ Content offered at the time you register for CNBC+ may not reflect the Content that will be offered throughout your subscription.

3. Subscriptions, Autorenewal and Billing

The information below applies only to consumers who subscribe to CNBC+ directly through Versant. If you made a purchase from one of our Third-Party Platform Providers, please contact that Third-Party Platform Provider for information about your subscription, billing, cancellation or refunds.

3.1. Fees and Autorenewal. We charge a subscription fee to access the CNBC+ Services (“Fees”) although we may in our sole discretion provide limited access to the CNBC+ services or some of its Content free of charge or at discounted price points from time to time.  The Fees payable are made clear during the ordering process, and you can find the specific details regarding your subscription and pricing at any time by logging in to your CNBC account and viewing your subscription details.

YOUR CNBC+ SUBSCRIPTION INCLUDES ENROLLMENT INTO A RECURRING PAYMENT PLAN. UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED ON YOUR SIGN-UP PAGE AND SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW, AFTER YOUR ORIGINAL SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD EXPIRES, YOUR SUBSCRIPTION WILL AUTOMATICALLY RENEW FOR ADDITIONAL PERIODS OF THE SAME LENGTH AS YOUR ORIGINAL SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD AT THE THEN CURRENT FEES, UNLESS YOU CANCEL BEFORE THE RENEWAL, WE DECLINE TO RENEW YOUR SUBSCRIPTION, OR THESE SUPPLEMENTAL CNBC+ TERMS ARE OTHERWISE PROPERLY TERMINATED.

We may change the amount of Fees payable from time to time. The modified Fees will take effect at the start of the next billing period for your subscription. We will provide advance notice of these changes by sending an e-mail to the e-mail address you have registered for your CNBC account, and you will have the opportunity to cancel your subscription prior to incurring the new charges. However, we will not be able to notify you of changes in any applicable taxes.

Subscription purchases have no monetary value (for example, they are not a cash account or equivalent) and are purchases of only a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-assignable and non-transferable right to access and use the CNBC+ in accordance with these Supplemental CNBC+ Terms. You may not transfer, sell, purchase, barter or trade your subscription or attempt or offer to do so. Any attempted transfer will be null and void.

3.2. Billing. By providing a credit card, debit card or other payment method (“Payment Method”) for your subscription to CNBC+, you expressly agree that we, our affiliates or a third‑party payment processor is authorized to charge you the Fees (plus any applicable taxes) at the beginning of your subscription and on a recurring basis upon each periodic renewal, unless and until you cancel your subscription. The Fees are nonrefundable unless otherwise stated in these Supplemental CNBC+ Terms.  YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE LEGAL RIGHT TO USE THE PAYMENT METHOD YOU PROVIDE.

Your Payment Method will be billed on a regular basis during your subscription, although the exact timing of when you are billed may vary. By way of example, if you enroll in a monthly subscription on July 31, you will be billed on/near August 31, September 30, etc.). You may view your next recurring billing date by logging in to your CNBC account and viewing your subscription details.

If you want to use a Payment Method that is different from the one you used during registration, or if there is a change in your credit card validity or expiration date, you may edit your Payment Method information by logging in to your CNBC account and updating your subscription details.  If your Payment Method expires and you do not update your Payment Method information or if we cannot charge your Payment Method for any reason and you have not cancelled your subscription, you authorize us to continue billing that Payment Method, and you will remain responsible for any uncollected amounts. If a charge to your Payment Method is denied for any reason, we may, at our discretion, terminate, disable, cancel or suspend access to your subscription without further notice.

3.3. Privacy. Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect, store, process and use your data, including your Payment Method information, and you acknowledge and agree that your use of the CNBC+ Services is subject to the terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy.

3.4. Cancelling Your Subscription. If you purchased the CNBC+ Services through us, you may cancel your CNBC+ subscription at any time by signing into your CNBC account and following the cancellation instructions provided, and cancellation will be effective at the end of the applicable subscription period during which you notify us of cancellation. If you cancel your subscription, you will still have access to the CNBC+ Services for the remainder of time you have already paid for, but you will not receive a refund. You will also forfeit any service or referral credits upon cancellation. If you cancel your subscription during a free trial or other promotion, cancellation may become effective immediately. WE DO NOT PROVIDE REFUNDS OR CREDITS FOR ANY PARTIAL-PERIOD SUBSCRIPTION PERIODS OR UNUSED SERVICES, EXCEPT AS STATED HEREIN OR OTHERWISE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

3.5. Free Trials and Promotions. We may offer free trials to CNBC Pro Services from time to time, enabling new subscribers to subscribe to the CNBC Pro Service without paying a subscription fee during the relevant free promotional period (“Free Trial”).  Availability of a Free Trial is not guaranteed and, if we offer you a Free Trial, the specific terms of your Free Trial will be provided to you during your sign-up. Once your Free Trial period ends, your first payment will be charged to your Payment Method immediately following the end of your Free Trial period at the then-current rate, unless you cancel your subscription prior to the expiration of your Free Trial period. You will not receive a notice from us that your Free Trial has ended and that payment for your subscription is due. You may cancel your subscription at any time before the end of your Free Trial. If you start a Free Trial and cancel before it ends, you cannot reactivate the Free Trial.

We may also offer, in our sole discretion, promotions subject to terms that will be provided to you in promotional materials or during your sign-up. We will begin billing your Payment Method at the then-current, non-promotional rate after your promotion ends unless you cancel your subscription prior to the end of your promotion.

3.6. Statutory Cancellation Right for EU and UK Residents Only. In certain circumstances, UK and EU consumers who enter into contracts online have a legal right to change their mind within 14 days (the “Statutory Cancellation Period”) and receive a refund. However, subscriptions to the Service either (a) start with a Free Trial which is longer than the Statutory Cancellation Period and such Free Trial can be cancelled before any payment is due (as described above in this Section 3.5), or (b) begin to be supplied on a paid basis during the Statutory Cancellation Period (e.g. after a 7-day Free Trial) but only following your express request for such supply to begin and your acknowledgement that – once that supply begins – the statutory cancellation right is lost (though your general right to cancel your subscription will still apply, as described in Section 3.4). To cancel and request a refund under the Statutory Cancellation Period please contact Customer Care.

BACK TO TOP

CNBC All Access Supplemental Terms

We are pleased to offer eligible subscribers access to a combination of CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer (“Investing Club”) and CNBC PRO Services (collectively,  “All Access”) for a discounted price as compared to the retail price of each subscription when purchased separately. This promotional offer may be modified or terminated at any time. Your subscription to  All Access is subject to the  , which govern your use of the CNBC PRO Services and the  which govern your use of the Investing Club Services.

CNBC Councils Supplemental Terms

For CNBC Councils Supplemental Terms, please visit: www.cnbccouncils.com/terms-and-conditions

BACK TO TOP

CNBC Events Supplemental Terms

For CNBC Events Supplemental Terms, please visit: https://www.cnbcevents.com/supplemental-terms/.

BACK TO TOP

CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer Supplemental Terms

These CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer Supplemental Terms (“Investing Club Terms”) apply to your use of the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer (“Investing Club”) Services.

For more information regarding the Investing Club Services, please visit our About Investing Club page. To the extent there is a conflict between these Supplemental Investing Club Terms (including the Versant ToS) and the information on the About Investing Club page, these Supplemental Investing Club Terms will prevail with respect to such conflict.

1. Use of Investing Club Services

1.1. License. We grant you a limited, non-sublicensable, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to access and use the Investing Club Services for your personal and non-commercial use, and only in accordance with these Supplemental Investing Club Terms.

1.2. Use Restrictions. You may not scrape, repackage, reproduce, republish, recirculate, offer for sale, sell, create derivative works from, integrate into other products or services, or otherwise share with others for profit or commercial gain, the Investing Club Services or any other data or results from the Investing Club Services. You may not use the Investing Club content or the Investing Club Services to create, offer, or promote any competitive services.

2. Modification, Suspension and Cancellation of the Investing Club

2.1. Cancellation. We reserve the right to discontinue the Investing Club service at any time. In such an event, we will provide you with a prorated refund of any prepaid Fees (as defined below) based on the remaining time of your subscription period. We also reserve the right to suspend or terminate your Investing Club account in our sole discretion without prior notice and without any obligation to provide a refund of prepaid fees.

2.2. Modification. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion without prior notice, to make changes to the Investing Club Services, including any cancellation of services. The availability of Investing Club Content offered at the time you register for the Investing Club may not reflect the Content that will be offered throughout your subscription.

3. Subscriptions, Autorenewal and Billing

The information below applies only to consumers who subscribe to the Investing Club service directly through Versant. If you made a purchase from one of our Third-Party Platform Providers, please contact that Third-Party Platform Provider for information about your subscription, billing, cancellation or refunds.

3.1. Fees and Autorenewal. We charge a subscription fee to access the Investing Club Services (“Fees”) although we may in our sole discretion provide limited access to the Investing Club service or some of its Content free of charge or at discounted price points from time to time.  The Fees payable are made clear during the ordering process, and you can find the specific details regarding your subscription and pricing at any time by logging in to your CNBC account and viewing your subscription details.

YOUR INVESTING CLUB SUBSCRIPTION INCLUDES ENROLLMENT INTO A RECURRING PAYMENT PLAN. UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED ON YOUR SIGN-UP PAGE AND SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW, AFTER YOUR ORIGINAL SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD EXPIRES, YOUR SUBSCRIPTION WILL AUTOMATICALLY RENEW FOR ADDITIONAL PERIODS OF THE SAME LENGTH AS YOUR ORIGINAL SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD AT THE THEN CURRENT FEES, UNLESS YOU CANCEL BEFORE THE RENEWAL, WE DECLINE TO RENEW YOUR SUBSCRIPTION, OR THESE SUPPLEMENTAL INVESTING CLUB TERMS ARE OTHERWISE PROPERLY TERMINATED.

We may change the amount of Fees payable from time to time. The modified Fees will take effect at the start of the next billing period for your subscription. We will provide advance notice of these changes by sending an e-mail to the e-mail address you have registered for your CNBC account, and you will have the opportunity to cancel your subscription prior to incurring the new charges. However, we will not be able to notify you of changes in any applicable taxes.

Subscription purchases have no monetary value (for example, they are not a cash account or equivalent) and are purchases of only a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-assignable, and non-transferable right to access and use the Investing Club service in accordance with these Terms of Service. You may not transfer, sell, purchase, barter, or trade your subscription or attempt or offer to do so. Any attempted transfer will be null and void.

3.2. Billing. By providing a credit card, debit card or other payment method (“Payment Method”) for your subscription to Investing Club, you expressly agree that we, our affiliates or a third‑party payment processor is authorized to charge you the Fees (plus any applicable taxes) at the beginning of your subscription and on a recurring basis upon each periodic renewal, unless and until you cancel your subscription. The Fees are nonrefundable unless otherwise stated in these Supplemental Investing Club Terms.  YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE LEGAL RIGHT TO USE THE PAYMENT METHOD YOU PROVIDE.

Your Payment Method will be billed on a regular basis during your subscription, although the exact timing of when you are billed may vary. By way of example, if you enroll in a monthly subscription on July 31, you will be billed on/near August 31, September 30, etc.). You may view your next recurring billing date by logging in to your CNBC account and viewing your subscription details.

If you want to use a Payment Method that is different from the one you used during registration, or if there is a change in your credit card validity or expiration date, you may edit your Payment Method information by logging in to your CNBC account and updating your subscription details.  If your Payment Method expires and you do not update your Payment Method information or if we cannot charge your Payment Method for any reason and you have not cancelled your subscription, you authorize us to continue billing that Payment Method, and you will remain responsible for any uncollected amounts. If a charge to your Payment Method is denied for any reason, we may, at our discretion, terminate, disable, cancel or suspend access to your subscription without further notice.

3.3. Privacy. Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect, store, process and use your data, including your Payment Method information, and you acknowledge and agree that your use of the Investing Club Services is subject to the terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy.

3.4. Cancelling Your Subscription. If you purchased the Investing Club Services through us, you may cancel your Investing Club subscription at any time by signing into your CNBC account and following the cancellation instructions provided, and cancellation will be effective at the end of the applicable subscription period during which you notify us of cancellation. If you cancel your subscription, you will still have access to the Investing Club Services for the remainder of time you have already paid for, but you will not receive a refund. You will also forfeit any service or referral credits upon cancellation. If you cancel your subscription during a free trial or other promotion, cancellation may become effective immediately. WE DO NOT PROVIDE REFUNDS OR CREDITS FOR ANY PARTIAL-PERIOD SUBSCRIPTION PERIODS OR UNUSED SERVICES, EXCEPT AS STATED HEREIN OR OTHERWISE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

3.5. Free Trials and Promotions. We may offer free trials to Investing Club from time to time, enabling new subscribers to subscribe to Investing Club without paying a subscription fee during the relevant free promotional period (“Free Trial”).  Availability of a Free Trial is not guaranteed and, if we offer you a Free Trial, the specific terms of your Free Trial will be provided to you during your sign-up. Once your Free Trial period ends, your first payment will be charged to your Payment Method immediately following the end of your Free Trial period at the then-current rate, unless you cancel your subscription prior to the expiration of your Free Trial period. You will not receive a notice from us that your Free Trial has ended and that payment for your subscription is due. You may cancel your subscription at any time before the end of your Free Trial. If you start a Free Trial and cancel before it ends, you cannot reactivate the Free Trial.

We may also offer, in our sole discretion, promotions subject to terms that will be provided to you in promotional materials or during your sign-up. We will begin billing your Payment Method at the then-current, non-promotional rate after your promotion ends unless you cancel your subscription prior to the end of your promotion.

3.6. Statutory Cancellation Right for EU and UK Residents Only. In certain circumstances, UK and EU consumers who enter into contracts online have a legal right to change their mind within 14 days (the “Statutory Cancellation Period”) and receive a refund. However, subscriptions to the Service either (a) start with a Free Trial which is longer than the Statutory Cancellation Period and such Free Trial can be cancelled before any payment is due (as described above in this Section 3.5), or (b) begin to be supplied on a paid basis during the Statutory Cancellation Period (e.g. after a 7-day Free Trial) but only following your express request for such supply to begin and your acknowledgement that – once that supply begins – the statutory cancellation right is lost (though your general right to cancel your subscription will still apply, as described in Section 3.4). To cancel and request a refund under the Statutory Cancellation Period please contact Customer Care.

4. Investment Disclaimer

4.1. Opinions Expressed not Ours. All opinions expressed in connection with the Investing Club Services, Mad Money, the Charitable Trust, and any related Jim Cramer newsletters or content (collectively, the “Cramer Content”) are solely the opinions of Jim Cramer and other featured analysts and do not reflect the opinions of Versant.  No part of Jim Cramer’s or any other featured analysts’ compensation from Versant is directly related to, or impacted by, the specific opinions expressed in connection with the Cramer Content. No fiduciary obligation or duty exists, or is created, between you and Versant, Jim Cramer or any other featured analyst, including, without limitation, by virtue of any investing advice offered in connection with the Cramer Content. The Cramer Content is published in the United States of America and persons who access it agree to do so in accordance with applicable U.S. law.

Any financial opinions offered in connection with the Cramer Content are based upon information considered to be reliable, but neither Versant (including CNBC), nor any analyst (including Jim Cramer) warrant or endorse the completeness or accuracy of, or are under any obligation to update or correct, any opinion, advice statement or other information provided to you in connection with the Cramer Content. Versant does not check for accuracy or completeness of the Cramer Content. You acknowledge that any reliance upon any such opinion, advice, statement, or information shall be at your sole risk. The opinions offered in connection with the Cramer Content are subject to change without notice.

4.2. Charitable Trust. Cramer’s Charitable Trust may own the securities that Jim Cramer discusses, and the Charitable Trust may profit if you purchase or sell the securities discussed by him.

4.3. Opinions not Exclusive. The opinions made known to you in connection with the Cramer Content are not exclusive to you and may have been previously, or subsequently, discussed by Jim Cramer and other featured analysts on television, radio, internet, or other mediums.   

4.4. Results Not Guaranteed. Past performance is not indicative of future results.  No specific outcome or profit is guaranteed in connection with your reliance upon or other use of the Cramer Content. The opinions offered in connection with the Cramer Content are not an attempt to induce any particular trading behavior, investment or strategy. You should be aware of the risk of loss in following any strategy or investment discussed in the Cramer Content.

Investments or strategies made known to you in connection with the Cramer Content:

a) may not be suitable for you,

b) do not take into account your particular investment objectives, financial situation or needs, and

c) are not intended to provide investment advice or recommendations appropriate for you.

Before making any investment or trade, consider whether it is suitable for you and consider seeking advice from your own financial or investment adviser.

BACK TO TOP

CNBC Media Hub Supplemental Terms

For CNBC Media Hub Supplemental Terms, please visit: www.cnbcmediahub.com/page/supplemental-terms-of-service

BACK TO TOP 

CNBC Pro Supplemental Terms

These CNBC Pro Supplemental Terms (“CNBC Pro Terms”) apply to your use of the CNBC Pro Services.

For more information regarding the CNBC Pro Services, please visit our CNBC Help Center. To the extent there is a conflict between these Supplemental CNBC Pro Terms (including the Versant ToS) and the information on the CNBC Help Center, these Supplemental CNBC Pro Terms will prevail with respect to such conflict.

1. Use of CNBC Pro Services

1.1. License. We grant you a limited, non-sublicensable, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to access and use the CNBC Pro Services only in accordance with these Supplemental CNBC Pro Terms.

1.2. Use Restrictions. You may not scrape, repackage, reproduce, republish, recirculate, offer for sale, sell, create derivative works from, integrate into other products or services, or otherwise share with others for profit or commercial gain, the CNBC Pro Content or any other data or results from the CNBC Pro Services. You may not use the CNBC Pro Content or the CNBC Pro Services to create, offer, or promote any competitive services.

2. Modification, Suspension and Cancellation of the CNBC Pro Services

2.1. Cancellation. We reserve the right to discontinue the CNBC Pro service at any time. In such an event, we will provide you with a prorated refund of any prepaid Fees (as defined below) based on the remaining time of your subscription period. We also reserve the right to suspend or terminate your CNBC Pro account in our sole discretion without prior notice and without any obligation to provide a refund of prepaid fees.

2.2. Modification. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion without prior notice, to make changes to the CNBC Pro Services, including any cancellation of services. The availability of CNBC Pro Content offered at the time you register for CNBC Pro may not reflect the Content that will be offered throughout your subscription.

3. Subscriptions, Autorenewal and Billing

The information below applies only to consumers who subscribe to CNBC Pro directly through Versant. If you made a purchase from one of our Third-Party Platform Providers, please contact that Third-Party Platform Provider for information about your subscription, billing, cancellation or refunds.

3.1. Fees and Autorenewal. We charge a subscription fee to access the CNBC Pro Services (“Fees”) although we may in our sole discretion provide limited access to the CNBC Pro service or some of its Content free of charge or at discounted price points from time to time.  The Fees payable are made clear during the ordering process, and you can find the specific details regarding your subscription and pricing at any time by logging in to your CNBC account and viewing your subscription details.

YOUR CNBC PRO SUBSCRIPTION INCLUDES ENROLLMENT INTO A RECURRING PAYMENT PLAN. UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED ON YOUR SIGN-UP PAGE AND SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW, AFTER YOUR ORIGINAL SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD EXPIRES, YOUR SUBSCRIPTION WILL AUTOMATICALLY RENEW FOR ADDITIONAL PERIODS OF THE SAME LENGTH AS YOUR ORIGINAL SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD AT THE THEN CURRENT FEES, UNLESS YOU CANCEL BEFORE THE RENEWAL, WE DECLINE TO RENEW YOUR SUBSCRIPTION, OR THESE SUPPLEMENTAL CNBC PRO TERMS ARE OTHERWISE PROPERLY TERMINATED.

We may change the amount of Fees payable from time to time. The modified Fees will take effect at the start of the next billing period for your subscription. We will provide advance notice of these changes by sending an e-mail to the e-mail address you have registered for your CNBC account, and you will have the opportunity to cancel your subscription prior to incurring the new charges. However, we will not be able to notify you of changes in any applicable taxes.

Subscription purchases have no monetary value (for example, they are not a cash account or equivalent) and are purchases of only a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-assignable, and non-transferable right to access and use the CNBC Pro in accordance with these Terms of Service. You may not transfer, sell, purchase, barter, or trade your subscription or attempt or offer to do so. Any attempted transfer will be null and void.

3.2. Billing. By providing a credit card, debit card or other payment method (“Payment Method”) for your subscription to CNBC Pro, you expressly agree that we, our affiliates or a third‑party payment processor is authorized to charge you the Fees (plus any applicable taxes) at the beginning of your subscription and on a recurring basis upon each periodic renewal, unless and until you cancel your subscription. The Fees are nonrefundable unless otherwise stated in these Supplemental CNBC Pro Terms.  YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE LEGAL RIGHT TO USE THE PAYMENT METHOD YOU PROVIDE.

Your Payment Method will be billed on a regular basis during your subscription, although the exact timing of when you are billed may vary. By way of example, if you enroll in a monthly subscription on July 31, you will be billed on/near August 31, September 30, etc.). You may view your next recurring billing date by logging in to your CNBC account and viewing your subscription details.

If you want to use a Payment Method that is different from the one you used during registration, or if there is a change in your credit card validity or expiration date, you may edit your Payment Method information by logging in to your CNBC account and updating your subscription details.  If your Payment Method expires and you do not update your Payment Method information or if we cannot charge your Payment Method for any reason and you have not cancelled your subscription, you authorize us to continue billing that Payment Method, and you will remain responsible for any uncollected amounts. If a charge to your Payment Method is denied for any reason, we may, at our discretion, terminate, disable, cancel or suspend access to your subscription without further notice.

3.3. Privacy. Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect, store, process and use your data, including your Payment Method information, and you acknowledge and agree that your use of the CNBC Pro Services is subject to the terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy.

3.4. Cancelling Your Subscription. If you purchased the CNBC Pro Services through us, you may cancel your CNBC Pro subscription at any time by signing into your CNBC account and following the cancellation instructions provided, and cancellation will be effective at the end of the applicable subscription period during which you notify us of cancellation. If you cancel your subscription, you will still have access to the CNBC Pro Services for the remainder of time you have already paid for, but you will not receive a refund. You will also forfeit any service or referral credits upon cancellation. If you cancel your subscription during a free trial or other promotion, cancellation may become effective immediately. WE DO NOT PROVIDE REFUNDS OR CREDITS FOR ANY PARTIAL-PERIOD SUBSCRIPTION PERIODS OR UNUSED SERVICES, EXCEPT AS STATED HEREIN OR OTHERWISE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

3.5. Free Trials and Promotions. We may offer free trials to CNBC Pro Services from time to time, enabling new subscribers to subscribe to the CNBC Pro Service without paying a subscription fee during the relevant free promotional period (“Free Trial”).  Availability of a Free Trial is not guaranteed and, if we offer you a Free Trial, the specific terms of your Free Trial will be provided to you during your sign-up. Once your Free Trial period ends, your first payment will be charged to your Payment Method immediately following the end of your Free Trial period at the then-current rate, unless you cancel your subscription prior to the expiration of your Free Trial period. You will not receive a notice from us that your Free Trial has ended and that payment for your subscription is due. You may cancel your subscription at any time before the end of your Free Trial. If you start a Free Trial and cancel before it ends, you cannot reactivate the Free Trial.

We may also offer, in our sole discretion, promotions subject to terms that will be provided to you in promotional materials or during your sign-up. We will begin billing your Payment Method at the then-current, non-promotional rate after your promotion ends unless you cancel your subscription prior to the end of your promotion.

3.6. Statutory Cancellation Right for EU and UK Residents Only. In certain circumstances, UK and EU consumers who enter into contracts online have a legal right to change their mind within 14 days (the “Statutory Cancellation Period”) and receive a refund. However, subscriptions to the Service either (a) start with a Free Trial which is longer than the Statutory Cancellation Period and such Free Trial can be cancelled before any payment is due (as described above in this Section 3.5), or (b) begin to be supplied on a paid basis during the Statutory Cancellation Period (e.g. after a 7-day Free Trial) but only following your express request for such supply to begin and your acknowledgement that – once that supply begins – the statutory cancellation right is lost (though your general right to cancel your subscription will still apply, as described in Section 3.4). To cancel and request a refund under the Statutory Cancellation Period please contact Customer Care.

BACK TO TOP 

CNBC Select

For CNBC Select Supplemental Terms, please visit: www.cnbc.com/select/supplemental-terms

BACK TO TOP

Smarter by CNBC Make It

For Smarter by CNBC Make It Supplemental Terms, please visit: www.smarter.cnbcmakeit.com/p/terms

BACK TO TOP