Privacy Policy - Who We Are - About.usps.com
Effective Nov. 29, international mail service to Canada is temporarily suspended, due to the strike of the Canadian Union of Postal Workers. Read more.
Privacy Policy
Scope
Listed below are the highlights of the USPS privacy policy. This statement applies to USPS® customers and usps.com visitors, unless a separate privacy notice is prominently displayed.
Detailed policy information
Full privacy policy
Our privacy policy with all the details.
Visit the USPS Privacy Office
Information about the full privacy framework developed by USPS.
Personal Information
We
collect
personal information directly from you and your transactions with us. We also occasionally obtain information about you from verification services and commercial sources, such as to acquire permission-based marketing lists.
Uses
We use your information to provide you USPS products and services, or respond to your inquiries.
WeÂ
do not sell
Â customer or mailing lists to outside parties, including marketers.
We protect your information under theÂ
Privacy Act
. We only share your information in the following limited situations: to a congressional office on your behalf; to financial entities regarding financial transaction issues; to a USPS auditor; to entities, including law enforcement, as required by law or in legal proceedings; to customs agencies relating to outgoing international mail; to contractors and other entities to fulfill your product or service; or with your consent
Your choices
We only market other USPS products/services to you with your consent, based on yourÂ
marketing preferences
.
You may create or change your preferences by accessing your account on usps.com and editing your profile.
Important Information
You mayÂ
access information
Â we maintain about you by contacting the program office for the product/service you ordered, or by contacting the privacy office at the addresses provided.
How to Contact Us
We welcome you to view our fullÂ
privacy policy
. You mayÂ
contact
Â the privacy office at:Â
privacy@usps.gov
*Â or
PRIVACY OFFICE
US POSTAL SERVICE
475 L'ENFANT PLZ SW RM 9431
WASHINGTON DC 20260-1101
*This  email address is dedicated to responding to privacy questions, privacy  complaints, and reporting of suspected privacy violations. If your inquiry does  not involve or refer to a privacy related issue or concern, we will not be able  to assist you.
U.S. Postal Service links
USPS.com
USPS home
Buy stamps & shop
Print labels with postage
Customer service
Resources for developers
About.USPS.com
About USPS home
Newsroom & alerts
Careers
Forms & publications
Government services
Postal facts
Postal history
USPS blog
Related sites
Business Customer Gateway
U.S. Postal Inspection Service
Inspector General
Postal Explorer
National Postal Museum
PostalPro
Legal
Terms of use
Privacy policy
FOIA
No FEAR Act/EEO contacts
Fair Chance Act
Accessibility statement
Copyright© 2026 United States Postal Service
Back
to top