Terms and Conditions
These terms and conditions (the "Terms of Use") are the terms on which this website https://www.collinsdictionary.com (the "Site") is made available to you ("You"/"Your"). By accessing this Site You agree to be bound by these Terms.

This Site is owned and operated by HarperCollins Publishers Limited a company registered in Scotland under registration number 27389 and our registered address is 1 Robroyston Gate, Glasgow, G33 1JN ("HarperCollins/We"/ "Us"/"Our").

If You have any questions, complaints or comments on this Site then You may contact Us on support@collinsdictionary.com.

CONTENT AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The information and materials appearing on the Site ("the Content") are displayed for personal, non-commercial use only. All software used on this Site and all Content included on this Site (including without limitation Site design, text, graphics, audio and video and the selection and arrangement thereof) is the property of HarperCollins or its suppliers and is protected by international copyright laws. Word commonness and word trends are based partly on data derived from Google Ngrams.

By agreeing to these Terms of Use and by uploading any words, definitions, comments or other content to the Site (“User Content”) , you grant HarperCollins an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, fully paid, royalty-free, worldwide license (with the right to sublicense) to use such materials at Our own discretion including, without limitation, to copy, publish, stream, store, retain, publicly perform or display, transmit, scan, reformat, modify, edit, frame, translate, excerpt, adapt, create derivative works and distribute through any method now-known or developed in the future. We may post User Content onto the Site at our discretion and you agree that we are under no obligation to use your User Content.

Your use of the Site and its contents grants no rights to You in relation to Our intellectual property rights including, without limitation, trade marks, logos, graphics, photographs, animations, videos and text or the intellectual property of third parties in the Site and its contents. None of the Content or User Content may be downloaded, copied, reproduced, republished, edited, posted, transmitted, stored, commercially exploited, sold or distributed without the prior written permission of the copyright holder. Subject to the above You may download insubstantial extracts from the Site on any single computer for personal, non-commercial home use only, provided that no more than one copy of any information is made and all copyright and proprietary notices are kept intact. Modification of any of the Content or use of any of the Content for any purpose other than as allowed under these Terms of Use (including without limitation on any other website or computer network) is prohibited and may only be done with Our express permission.

Requests to republish any of the Content should be emailed to support@collinsdictionary.com

AI ASSISTANT
The Site may include an AI-powered assistant (the "AI Assistant") to help you explore content. You will be notified when You are interacting with the AI Assistant. Your use of the AI Assistant and any responses or materials it generates ("Generated Content") is for your personal, non-commercial use only. You acknowledge that all intellectual property rights in the Generated Content belong to HarperCollins.

You are expressly prohibited from using any Content from the Site or any Generated Content to train, fine-tune, or otherwise incorporate it into any artificial intelligence technologies, models, or services. You may not use the AI Assistant or Generated Content for any commercial purpose or in any manner that infringes our intellectual property rights.

THIRD PARTY CONTENT
Webster’s New World College Dictionary, Fourth Edition, compiled by the editors of Webster’s New World Dictionaries. Copyright © 2010 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. Published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. No part of this database may be reproduced or otherwise used without prior written permission from the publisher unless such use is expressly permitted by applicable law. “Webster’s New World” and all related trademarks, logos, and trade dress are trademarks or registered trademarks of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt and/or its affiliates. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt is not associated with any product or vendor mentioned in this book.

REGISTRATION, PASSWORDS AND SECURITY

Users must be 16 or over to register with CollinsDictionary.com (the “Website”). Users under 16 years old must have permission from a parent or guardian. The 16 year old limit does not apply to ‘Collins Dictionaries for Schools’.
By registering you are signing up to receive the Collins newsletter, which will provide content, offers and downloads. At any time users can unsubscribe from these emails by using the 'unsubscribe' link at the bottom of the newsletter.
Registration also allows users to submit words, definitions, phrases and meanings for consideration via the submission link https://www.collinsdictionary.com/submissions/latest
Registration also allows users to comment on blog articles and new word submissions
All content submitted by users are subject to the terms as outlined in the CONTENT PROHIBITED and ACTIVITY PROHIBITED sections within these terms and conditions.
To register complete this registration form: https://www.collinsdictionary.com/register.
Users are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of passwords and user names and are responsible for all activities that are carried out under them.
We do not have the means to check the identities of people using the Site and will not be liable where your password or user name is used by someone else.
You agree to notify us immediately by email to support@collinsdictionary.com of any unauthorised use of your password or user name of which you become aware.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEB SITES
The Site may include links to third party Internet websites which are controlled and maintained by others. These links are included solely for the convenience of users and do not constitute any endorsement by HarperCollins of the sites linked or referred to, nor does HarperCollins have any control over the content of any such sites. You acknowledge that We will not be party to any transaction or contract with a third party that You may enter into and We shall not be liable to You in respect of any loss or damage which You may suffer by using those websites. You agree that You will not involve Us in any dispute between You and the third party.

OUR RIGHT TO DELETE CONTENT
We may delete any User Content at any time for any reason including but not limited to where the Content is offensive, infringes the rights of any third party, threatens the safety of any person or is otherwise unlawful. We will not be required to give you any reason for deleting such Content or enter into any dialogue with you. Our decision will be final.

CONTENT WHICH IS PROHIBITED
The following is a partial list of the kind of User Content that is illegal or prohibited on the Site. Content which:

is offensive and promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual;
harasses or advocates harassment of another person;
exploits people in a sexual or violent manner;
contains images of nudity, violence, or offensive subject matter or contains a link to an adult website;
solicits personal information;
provides any telephone numbers, street addresses, postal codes, or email addresses;
promotes information that you know is false or misleading or promotes illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libellous;
promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person's copyrighted work, such as providing definitions taken from existing dictionaries or links to them, providing information to circumvent manufacture-installed copy-protection devices, or providing pirated music or links to pirated music files;
involves the transmission of "junk mail," "chain letters," or unsolicited mass mailing, instant messaging or "spamming";
contains restricted or password only access pages or hidden pages or images (those not linked to or from another accessible page);
furthers or promotes any criminal activity or enterprise or provides instructional information about illegal activities including, but not limited to making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone's privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses;
solicits passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other Users;
involves commercial activities and/or sales without our prior written consent such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, or pyramid schemes;
includes a photograph of another person that you have posted without that person's consent;
any photographs containing nudity, or obscene, lewd, violent, harassing, sexually explicit or otherwise objectionable subject matter.
Despite this prohibition information provided by other users may contain inaccurate, inappropriate, offensive or sexually explicit material, and we assume no responsibility or liability for this material.

ACTIVITY WHICH IS PROHIBITED
The following is a partial list of the kind of activity that is illegal or prohibited on the Site. We reserve the right to investigate and take appropriate action against anyone who in our sole discretion violates these provisions, including but not limited to reporting you the relevant law enforcement authorities.

Prohibited activity includes, but is not limited to:


criminal activity, including child pornography, fraud, trafficking in obscene material, drug dealing, gambling, harassment, stalking, spamming, sending of viruses or other harmful files, copyright infringement, patent infringement, or theft of trade secrets;
advertising to, or solicitation of, any Member to buy or sell any products or services through the Site. You may not transmit any chain letters or junk email to other Users. It is also a violation of these rules to use any information obtained from the Site in order to contact, advertise to, solicit, or sell to any Member without their prior explicit consent. Covering or obscuring the banner advertisements on the Site via HTML/CSS or any other means;
any automated use of the system, such as using scripts to add friends or send comments;
interfering with, disrupting, or creating an undue burden on the Site or the networks or services that support the Site;
attempting to impersonate another Member or person;
using the account, username, or password of another member at any time or disclosing your password to any third party or permitting any third party to access your account;
selling or otherwise transferring your profile;
using any information obtained from the Site in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person;
displaying an advertisement on your profile, or accepting payment or anything of value from a third person in exchange for your performing any commercial activity on or through the Site on behalf of that person, such as placing commercial content on your profile, posting comments with a commercial purpose or selecting a profile with a commercial purpose as one of your friends; or
using the Site in a manner inconsistent with any and all applicable laws and regulations.
If you become aware of any misuse of the Site please contact us by clicking on the ‘Report as Inappropriate’ link on the relevant page.
OUR LEGAL OBLIGATIONS AND LIMITS ON LIABILITY
All content and services on the Site, including any Generated Content, are provided on an 'as is' and 'as available' basis. We do not make any representation or give any warranty (whether express or implied) in respect of the Site or its Content, including, without limitation, any advice given (on a personal or general basis) and statements made by advertisers or other users on or via the Site. Any decisions or action taken by You on the basis of information provided on or via the website are at Your sole discretion and risk and You should obtain individual professional advice where necessary. Nothing in this clause 8 shall restrict Your statutory rights (including Your rights to receive a reasonable standard of service).

We do not warrant that the Site will be available uninterrupted and in a fully operating condition and access to the Site may be suspended temporarily and without notice in the case of system failure, maintenance or repair or for reasons reasonably beyond Our control.

There is no guarantee that the Site will be free of infection by viruses or anything else which may be harmful or destructive. We do not accept any liability for damage to Your computer system or loss of data that results from Your use of the Site and We cannot guarantee that any Content that You download are free from viruses, contamination or destructive features.

To the extent permitted by law, HarperCollins hereby disclaims all responsibility (howsoever arising) in connection with any loss and/or damage, arising out of or in connection with any use of, or inability to use, all or any part of the Content, the Site and/or any website to which the Site is linked, or any action taken (or refrained from being taken) as a result of using any of these.

Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall exclude or limit Our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or for death or personal injury resulting from Our negligence or the negligence by Us, Our employees or agents

OUR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY IN USER CONTENT
As we are providing a freely hosted platform to develop the English language we assume no responsibility for monitoring the Site for amongst other things inappropriate or unlawful User Content, including but not limited to defamatory content.
Accordingly, we do not endorse or assume any liability for the User Content or any damage you may suffer as a result of the User Content nor do we make any representation or give any warranty express or implied as to the accuracy or lawfulness of the User Content.
The User Content does not reflect our opinions, views or policies.

YOUR GUARANTEES ON USER CONTENT
You are solely responsible for the User Content posted by you and all other material you transmit to us or other users. You represent and warrant that:

(i) you own the Content posted by you on the Site or have the right to post the User Content on the Site;
(ii) the User Content does not infringe the privacy rights, publicity rights, intellectual property rights or any other rights of any person;
(iii) the User Content does not breach any right of confidence;
(iv) the User Content is not libellous or obscene;
(v) the User Content is not in breach of the Official Secrets Act or any other similar legalisation or otherwise unlawful; and
(vi) that if followed any recipes or instructions included in the User Content will not cause any harm to any person.
GUARANTEE
By using this Site, you agree to indemnify HarperCollins and our agents, and any third party contributors to this Site, against any loss, damages or expenses HarperCollins incurs arising out of any User Content submitted by you and/or resulting from, or alleged to result from, your use of the Content (including software), or the interactive areas in a manner that breaches or is alleged to breach the Terms of Use of this Site.

SECURITY AND PRIVACY
You must read Our Privacy Policy which contains important information about the use of Your personal data other information regarding Your privacy and Our security processes and policies.

We will co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Us to disclose the identity of or locate anyone breaching any law or otherwise for the prevention or detection of crime or the apprehension or prosecution of offenders. There may be other circumstances in which We may be required by law to disclose information about You or Your use of the Website.

CHANGES TO THESE CONDITIONS OF USE
HarperCollins are constantly looking for new ways to improve this Site. We therefore reserve the right to amend these Terms of Use at any time. All such changes will take effect once they have been posted on the Site and You will be deemed to have accepted any such changes by Your use of the Site from such time.

TRADE MARKS
HARPERCOLLINS, COLLINS, COLLINS GEM, BANK OF ENGLISH COBUILD, and the 'fireandwater logo' are registered trade marks or trade marks of HarperCollins Publishers Ltd, and no users of this site are permitted to copy or reproduce these trade marks, or allow anyone else to do so for any reason, without the prior written consent of HarperCollins.

Entered words that we have reason to believe constitute registered trademarks have been designated as such using the label ‘trademark’ or ®. However, neither the presence nor absence of such designation should be regarded as affecting the legal status of any trademark.

APPLICABLE LAW:
This Site, including the content and information contained herein, shall be governed by the laws of England and the courts of England shall be the place of jurisdiction. As such, the laws of England shall govern the disclaimer, legal notices, terms and conditions.

These Terms were last updated on 19 July 2012

PRIVACY POLICY
Read our Privacy Policy.

ADVERTISING
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here (http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices).