Terms and Conditions
Website and Services
Terms and Conditions
Last updated Wednesday, July 31, 2024
1. Acceptance of the Terms of Service.
Welcome to Construct.net! (a.k.a.
"we"
or
"us"
or the
"Company"
). We are excited to have you as user and member of the Construct.net community. The following terms and conditions (collectively, these
"Terms of Service"
) apply to your use of construct.net, including all subdomains, any content, functionality and services offered on or via construct.net (the
"Website"
). The Terms of Service also include our Privacy Policy, that you can review here:
https://www.construct.net/privacy-policy
We want to keep our relationship with you as lean and informal as possible, but please read the Terms of Service carefully before you start using Construct.net, because by using the Website you accept and agree to be bound and abide by these Terms of Service.
Should you disagree with some of the provisions herein, you can either leave the Website (although we'll be sad to see you go!), or contact us at
support
plg
@construct.net
.
2. Changes to the Terms of Service and the Website.
Construct.net is a work in progress, meaning that a lot will change in the near future. We reserve the right to update the Website and these Terms of Service from time to time, at our discretion. We will make sure to announce any major change in a prominent way, but since "major" is a very subjective concept we recommend you keep an eye on the "last updated" date at the top of this page which can indicate to you if there have been any changes since your last visit. Your continued use of the Website following the publishing of updated Terms of Service means that you accept and agree to the changes.
3. Accessing the Website, Security and Privacy
We are working hard on improving Construct.net, but we can't guarantee that the Website will be up and running 24/7. We also reserve the right to suspend or restrict access to some features to users. In any case, we will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period, nor for any data loss (see also section 7 below).
To access certain features of the Website you have to register by entering your email and choosing a password as part of our security procedures. You must treat such information as confidential, not disclosing it to any third party and only using Construct.net in person. There is a password reset procedure in case you forget your password, but please notify us of any breach of security. We highly recommend to choose a strong password (e.g. a long one!) and that you log out from your account at the end of every session.
It is a condition of your use of the Website that all the information you provide on the Website is correct, current and complete. In the future, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. As custom for internet websites, we reserve the right to disable any user account, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any provision of these Terms of Service.
We use SSL encrypted browsing everywhere, but we cannot guarantee that all use will be secure. We also do not guarantee that the Website or any content provided on the Website is error free. We manage your personal data according to our
https://www.construct.net/privacy-policy
.
4. Accessing the Website with Automated Tools
Accessing the website with automated tools (including but not limited to web scrapers, security vulnerability scanners) is explicitly prohibited as this can put undue stress on our infrastructure.  If you're found to be doing this, your IP may be permanently restricted from accessing any Construct web properties.
5. Intellectual Property Rights and Use Guidelines.
The Website and its original content, features and functionality (including look!), are owned by Construct.net and are protected by United Kingdom and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.  You agree to not copy, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, any of our copyrighted material, except to the extent permitted by the Website itself. If you have doubts about whether and how to use of material on the Website, please address your concerns to:
support
plg
@construct.net
For purposes of these Terms of Service, the term
"Content"
includes, without limitation, information, data, text, photographs, videos, audio clips, written posts and comments, software, scripts, graphics, and interactive features generated, provided, or otherwise made accessible on or through the Website. For the purposes of these Terms of Service,
"Content"
also includes all User Content (as defined below).
All Content added, created, uploaded, submitted, distributed, or posted to the Website by users (collectively
"User Content"
), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such User Content. You represent that all User Content provided by you is accurate, complete, up-to-date, and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. You acknowledge that all Content, including User Content, accessed by you using the Website is at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage or loss to you or any other party resulting therefrom. We do not guarantee that any Content you access on or through the Website is or will continue to be accurate.
We do not guarantee that any Content will be made available on the Website. We reserve the right to, but do not have any obligation to, (i) remove, edit or modify any Content in our sole discretion, at any time, without notice to you and for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such Content or if we are concerned that you may have violated these Terms of Service), or for no reason at all and (ii) to remove or block any Content from the Website.
You are permitted to use the Website for your personal, non-commercial use, or legitimate business purposes, provided that your activities are lawful and in accordance with these Terms of Service. Prohibited uses include violation of laws and regulations, hacking the Website in any manner, or violating the Content Standards set below. No right, title or interest in or to the Website or any content on the site is transferred to you, and all rights not expressly granted are reserved. Any use of the Website not expressly permitted by these Terms of Service is a breach of these Terms of Service and can lead to account termination.
We encourage your feedback, in the form of reviews, comments, and suggestions or recommendations for modifications, improvements or changes to the Services or the Site that you may choose in your sole discretion to provide us from time to time (
"Feedback"
). When you provide Feedback, you grant us, under all right, title and interest in and to the Feedback, a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, transferable, sub-licensable, irrevocable, perpetual license to use that Feedback or to incorporate it into the Website or other producs or services.
The Website may contain Content specifically provided by us, our partners or our users and such Content is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets or other proprietary rights and laws. You shall abide by and maintain all copyright notices, information, and restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Website.
6. User Contributions and Content Standards. Special Disclaimer for legal content.
Construct.net contains user generated content, and also may contain message boards, personal web pages, forums or other interactive features that allow you to upload, post, submit, publish, display or transmit to other Users Content on or through the Website. All User Content must be lawful, not spammy, and clear of virus or other malware. More specifically, but without limiting the foregoing, it must comply with the following Content Standards:
Not contain any material which is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive, harassing, violent, hateful, inflammatory or otherwise objectionable.
Not promote sexually explicit or pornographic material, violence, or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.
Not infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual property rights of any other person.
Not violate the legal rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of others or contain any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable laws or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with these Terms of Service.
Not be likely to deceive any person.
Not promote any illegal activity, or advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act.
Not cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety or be likely to upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person.
Not be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or organization.
Not involve commercial activities or sales , such as contests, sweepstakes and other sales promotions, barter or advertising.
Not give the impression that they emanate from us or any other person or entity, if that is not the case.
Not be used, if public, as test empty documents with no actual content, or typing exercises: please respect our community and help us minimize the clutter!
7. Law and Copyright Infringment.
We do not undertake to review all material before it is posted on the Website, and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been posted. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications or content provided by any user or third party. In the unlikely event we receive a disclosure request from an authorized party, we reserve the right to disclose user identities when required to do so by the law, including in response to a law enforcement request supported by a valid court order. You waive and hold harmless the Company from any claims resulting from any action taken by the Company during or as a result of its investigations and from any actions taken as a consequence of investigations by either the Company or law enforcement authorities.
If you believe that any User Content violate your copyright, please follow the procedure set forth by Article 512(c) of the DMCA and provide us a written takedown notice including the following information:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material.
Information reasonably sufficient for us to contact you, such as email, address, telephone number.
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
The notice should be addressed to
support
plg
@construct.net
, or by snail mail to Scirra Ltd, Studio 414, 1 Filament Walk, The Lightbulb, Wandsworth, London, SW18 4GQ, United Kingdom
8. Disclaimer of Warranties, Limitations of Liability and Indemnification.
Your use of Construct.net is at your sole risk. The service is provided "as is" and "as available".
We disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. We are not liable for damages, direct or consequential, resulting from your use of the Website, and you agree to defend, indemnify and hold us harmless from any claims, losses, liability costs and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from your violation of any third-party's rights. You acknowledge that you have only a limited, non-exclusive, nontransferable license to use the Website. Because the Website is not error or bug free, you agree that you will use it carefully and avoid using it in ways which might result in any loss of your or any third party's property or information.
9. Governing Law and Jurisdiction.
These Terms of Service and any dispute or claim arising out of, or related to them, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of United Kingdom without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule.
Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of, or related to, these Terms of Service or the Website shall be instituted exclusively in the courts of the United Kingdom.
10. Waiver and Severability.
Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. The Terms of Service constitutes the entire agreement between you and Construct.net and govern your use of the service, superseding any prior agreements (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service). If any provision of these Terms of Service is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Service will continue in full force and effect.
11. Feedback.
We welcome any comment, question and communication at
support
plg
@construct.net
Your Location
United Kingdom
Products
Game Making Software
Animation Software
Construct 3
GameMaker Alternative
Make Your Own Game
Pricing
Documentation
FAQ
Case Studies
Education
Why Construct 3
Easy Seat Management
Free Teaching Resources
Learn Javascript
Partners
Pricing
FAQ
Affiliates
Affiliate Program
Our Company
About Us
Our Team
Press Kit
In the Press
Contact Us
Community
Game Assets
GameDev Forum
GameDev Tutorials
GameDev Blogs
Free Online Arcade
Community Guidelines
Scirra Ltd
Studio 414, The Lightbulb
1 Filament Walk
Wandsworth
London
SW18 4GQ
United Kingdom
Company number:
07626452
VAT registration:
GB138656875
Legal
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Children's Code
Accessibility
Service Status
© Scirra Ltd 2026 • All rights reserved
v1745 • PRD-VM-WEB2a