Terms and conditions of sale July 2025
Terms and conditions of sale of subscription services

These terms and conditions govern the contract for the sale of the Corriere della Sera – Corriere Digital Edition Subscription service in its various types (Digita+, Naviga+ eTutto+, Naviga Premium, la Lettura and Corriere Giochi) between RCS MediaGroup SpA with registered office in via Angelo Rizzoli, 8 – CAP 20132 Milan, VAT number, Tax Code and Registration in the Milan Company Register no. 12086540155 (hereinafter “RCS”) and the users (“Users”).

1) Preliminary information: The subscription service is reserved for Users of legal age. To use the Subscription, an Internet connection is required, the costs of which are borne by the User, according to the terms established by their provider. The equipment (tablets, computers, smartphones, applications, other telecommunications devices, etc.) that allow access to the Subscription, as well as the telecommunications costs necessary to use the Subscription, are the sole responsibility of the User. RCS expressly informs the User that, if an update to the Subscription requires changes to the User's software or equipment, these changes must be made entirely at the User's expense.

2) Service Features

The Subscription Service is a paid service and includes access to editorial content from the Corriere della Sera-Digital Edition/www.corriere.it, La Lettura, and Corriere Giochi publications (“Subscription/Service/Services”).

By subscribing to the Subscription, the User will be able to enjoy the editorial content for the entire subscribed period without further charges except for the cost of data traffic, which will correspond to that provided by telephone operators based on the User's telephone plan.

In particular, the subscription packages currently offered by RCS are:

1) Corriere Digital Edition / Digita + which allows you to access

to the digital edition of Corriere della Sera, the Magazines, the Back Covers and all the local editions of the newspaper (via the web browser and/or the Corriere Digital Edition application for Android/iOS systems), to premium content reserved for subscribers, such as Il Punto and, upon request, to a series of exclusive editorial Newsletters;
with discounts and benefits reserved for subscribers only.
2) Naviga+ which allows you to access:

unlimited access to articles, photo galleries and premium content reserved for subscribers of  www.corriere.it , such as Il Punto (via newsletter), Archivio Storico.it;
with discounts and benefits reserved for subscribers only.
3) All + which allows you to access:

unlimited access to articles, photo galleries and premium content reserved for subscribers of www.corriere.it, Il Punto (via newsletter), Archivio Storico;
to the digital edition of Corriere della Sera, the Magazines, the Back Covers and all the local editions of the newspaper (via web browser and/or CorriereDigitalEdition application for Android/iOS systems);
Games Courier;
to discounts and benefits reserved for subscribers only;
4) Reading that allows access to:

To the digital edition of la Lettura, the weekly magazine of Corriere della Sera, through the web browser and/or the la Lettura app available for Android/iOs operating systems;
At the Archivio de la Lettura to access all editions available from November 2011;
In the Content of the Day section, you'll find exclusive content dedicated to subscribers and selected by the editorial team.
5) Consentless, which allows limited access to corriere.it content without targeted advertising.

6) Courier Games which allows you to access:

unlimited to all games
the complete archive of Corriere Giochi
unlimited access to personal stats and challenges
7) Premium navigation which allows you to access:

unlimited access to articles, photo galleries and premium content reserved for subscribers of  www.corriere.it , such as Il Punto (via newsletter), Archivio Storico.it;
unlimited access to all Courier Games games
the complete archive with the patterns of the previous days
unlimited access to personal stats and challenges
with discounts and benefits reserved for subscribers only.
Details regarding the costs, duration, contents, and delivery methods of the Corriere Digital Edition, Digita+, Naviga+, Tutto +, la Lettura, and Corriere Giochi subscription packages will be specified from time to time in the offer published on abbonamenti.corriere.it/.

RCS reserves the right to change the name of the subscription packages.

The User will be able to use the services offered to users registered on the website  www.corriere.it  (Site), on the La Lettura website and on the website www.corriere.it/giochi/ to which he will be enabled by subscribing to the subscription.

The User will have the option of whether or not to avail of the promotional services, the methods of use of which will be illustrated from time to time on the websites  www.corriere.it , La Lettura and www.corriere.it/giochi/ .

To offer promotional services, RCS may use third-party providers who will be responsible for their provision. RCS may share Users' personal data provided during registration with third-party partners, appointed as Data Processors, to allow for the correct identification of subscribers.

Activating a subscription implies full, unreserved acceptance of these Terms and Conditions. Any changes and/or additions to the Terms and Conditions will be effective from the date they are published on the Site and/or in the newspaper and will apply to active subscriptions as of that date. The updated version of the Terms and Conditions is the one published on the Site.

RCS is in no way responsible for any interruptions in the provision of the Subscription due to causes not directly attributable to it and/or beyond its technical control, such as malfunctions in the computer or telephone network. RCS systems will be used for any verification of the functioning of the Subscription. RCS specifies that the Subscription is provided automatically by its systems and that RCS is unable to verify the identity of the applicant.

RCS reserves the right to block or suspend, at any time and without notice, the provision of the Subscription to Users who violate the provisions of these Terms and Conditions, further reserving the right to deactivate or permanently delete the User's activation and all related information and/or block any future access to the Subscription.

3) Purchase and management of the Subscription

The User may purchase the Subscription by subscribing to one of the offers proposed in the catalogue on the Site or within the “Subscription” section of the applications on tablets and smartphones (where available) by following the instructions therein.

The Subscription is provided by RCS via the website or via the Publisher's application (App).

Access to subscription services can be used from only one device or browser at a time until the end of the promotional period purchased at a reduced price compared to the list price.

Access to subscription services will be available simultaneously from two devices or browsers when purchased at the list price, even after renewal.

Access to Corriere Giochi can only be used from one device or browser at a time.

RCS will require the registration of an account on the Site which will allow the User who has purchased the Subscription to use the contents according to the contemporaneity rules established in relation to the price of the subscription plan purchased.

The Secondary User of the Family subscription will be able to enjoy the content on only one device or browser at a time.

Subscriptions purchased through iTunes or Google Play at a reduced price will be usable on only one device at a time until the end of the promotional period purchased, only after registering for an account on the Site and simultaneously registering in the RCS Database.

Subscriptions purchased through iTunes or Google Play at list price will be available on multiple devices or browsers only after registering for an account on the Site and simultaneously registering in the RCS Database.

To protect the security of the data provided during registration and purchase, once the permitted access threshold has been exceeded, RCS allows the subscriber owner of the account who recognizes fraudulent use of the account to reset the password.

Downloading subscription content is only possible within the limits permitted by the Publisher's Apps.

The subscription to the Service does not include suspensions as it can be consulted continuously, without prejudice to the guarantees offered in point 7 of this document.

Users already subscribed to Corriere Mobile will have free access to the Naviga + subscription, after registering an account on the Site and until the expiration of their Corriere Mobile subscription.

By activating the subscription, the User declares that they are fully authorized to use the mobile phone number for use, even if it is registered to a person other than the User. Any data traffic costs incurred to access and/or purchase the Content will be those applied by the User's mobile operator and are excluded from the cost of the Content.

The User's telephone operator and RCS, each for the services directly provided (the telephone operator for services related to telephone usage and RCS for what concerns the Subscription), are Independent Data Controllers of the processing of personal data.

4) Duration of the Subscription, automatic renewal and deactivation

1. These Terms and Conditions apply for the entire duration of the Subscription, as indicated at the time of purchase and, in any case, from its activation and for the entire period in which the Subscription is actually returned. The Subscription will begin on the activation date and will last for the subscription period chosen by the User. There is no automatic renewal for the purchase of individual content. If the User has selected an annual, semi-annual, quarterly, monthly, or weekly Subscription, it will automatically renew for the same period initially requested, unless either party communicates cancellation to the other within one calendar day of the expiration date, according to the procedures set forth in section 4.3 below.

RCS will communicate any exceptions that do not provide for automatic renewal in the offer presentation.

2. In the event of automatic renewal, RCS will charge the Subscription fee using the same payment method previously used by the User. RCS will inform the User in advance of any Subscription price changes that will apply for the renewal period. In this case, the User may cancel the contract before renewal by notifying RCS as provided in section 3 below.

3. The user may cancel the subscription at any time and at no additional cost by contacting customer care at +39 02 25844190, available Monday to Friday from 9:00 am to 8:30 pm and Saturday from 9:00 am to 3:00 pm, or by using the online procedure available in the subscriber's profile area, or by sending a fax to +39 02 2588.3625 or a certified email to  abbonamenti.digitali@rcs.legalmail.it . If the user decides to cancel the subscription, they will be able to continue accessing the paid sections until the expiration of the paid period.
Canceling the subscription will not entitle the user to a refund, which will be issued by RCS at its sole discretion.

After the first renewal, any user who has not received the notice referred to in Article 65-bis of the Consumer Code thirty days before the contract expiration may terminate the subscription at any time without charge or may continue to access the content included in the current subscription until the expiration of the paid period.

5) Right of Withdrawal Pursuant to Article 52 et seq. of Legislative Decree no. 206/2005 (Consumer Code), the User has the right to withdraw from the contract, without stating a reason, within 14 days of purchase. For digital subscriptions, the withdrawal period expires 14 days after the subscription activation date. To exercise the right of withdrawal, the User must notify RCS Mediagroup Spa of their intention to withdraw from this contract by means of an explicit declaration sent via registered mail with return receipt, fax, or email, or using the form downloadable at abbonamenti.corriere.it/abbonamenti-recesso/. The completed form must be sent by registered mail with acknowledgement of receipt, or by fax or email to the following addresses: RCS Mediagroup Spa, Via A. Rizzoli, 820132 Milan – Fax: +39 02 2588.3625 – Email: corriere.de@rcs.it. To meet the withdrawal deadline, the User simply needs to send the communication regarding the exercise of the right of withdrawal before the withdrawal period expires. If the User withdraws from the contract, they will be refunded for any payments made to RCS Mediagroup Spa, no later than 14 days from the day of receipt of the withdrawal notice. These refunds will be made using the same payment method used for the initial transaction. Upon receipt of the notification within the deadline, RCS will deactivate the subscription and refund the amount paid. In the case of a digital subscription, the User acknowledges that – given the intangible nature of the purchased service – the amount to be refunded will be reduced by the price of the editions already received. If the User has subscribed to an offer that includes an additional product in addition to the subscription, to avail of the refund, he or she must return the product to RCS Mediagroup Spa, Via A Rizzoli 8, 20132 Milan, without undue delay and in any case within 14 days from the day on which he or she communicated his or her withdrawal from this contract. Once the product has been received, or in any case if the User has sent RCS Mediagroup Spa proof of shipment of the Product via email, RCS Mediagroup Spa will refund the amount using the payment method used by the User. Any exceptions to the right of withdrawal, where provided for by Article 59, 1, letter o) of the Consumer Code, shall apply. (the right of withdrawal referred to in Articles 52 to 58 for distance contracts and contracts negotiated away from business premises and excluded in relation to: o) the supply of digital content on a non-material medium if the performance has begun with the express agreement of the consumer and with his acceptance of the fact that in that case he would lose the right of withdrawal),they will be reported to the User from time to time, in a clear and understandable manner, before proceeding with the purchase.

6) Service costs, billing and payment methods

6.1. The User will pay RCS, as consideration for the Subscription, the amount indicated for the plan selected during the purchase process, according to the methods and terms indicated therein. Amounts are expressed in euros, including VAT, unless otherwise stated. Based on the chosen subscription plan, the User will make the payment as specified in the shopping cart.

6.2. The User agrees that, where requested, the invoice relating to the purchase of the Subscription, issued by RCS, will be sent to the email address that the User provided during registration.

6.3 Payment of the fees due will be made using the payment method indicated during subscription activation, choosing between:

Credit card

PayPal

Bank transfer

Amazon Pay

Klarna

Subscriptions purchased on the abbonamenti.corriere.it website, with the exception of bank transfers where indicated, activate a subscription with automatic renewal and automatic payment recurrence.

Your Subscription or purchase will terminate after 14 days if your Credit Card expires at the time of renewal or immediately if another payment method is deactivated.

RCS reserves the right to suspend the Service in the event of payment not made by the User for technical reasons relating to the chosen payment system.

The Subscription can also be purchased through Merchants other than RCS. In such cases, the purchase and billing will be regulated directly between the User and the Merchant, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions established from time to time by the Merchant.

7) Promotions

RCS may occasionally offer promotions. Unless otherwise specified, all promotions activate a recurring payment period at the price indicated during the subscription process at the end of the free or discounted period.

Promotions are reserved exclusively for new subscribers, cannot be combined, and can only be activated once. "New subscribers" are defined as users who do not already have an active subscription of any kind, even a free one, at the time of purchasing the product.

8) Exclusion of warranties RCS does not recognize any warranty beyond that granted in the Terms and Conditions: it is understood that the User will use the Services under his/her full and exclusive responsibility and that the use of the Services must comply with all instructions provided by RCS.

9) Contract Modification RCS reserves the right to suspend, modify, or terminate the Subscription, in whole or in part, including its availability, nature, frequency, content, and price, and/or modify the Terms and Conditions by providing prior written notice to Users. Users will have the right to withdraw within fourteen days of the notification, in accordance with the procedures set forth in Article 4.3, subject to reimbursement for any unused portion of the subscription. Written notification will not be required in the event of the launch of new services or features, or if there is an urgent need to prevent or avoid the continuation of an illegal activity, avoid harmful situations, or satisfy legal and/or security requirements.

The new terms and conditions will be effective automatically upon publication online on the website abbonamenti.corriere.it/termini-e-condizioni/

10) User Obligations and Responsibilities for the Use of the Subscription The User represents and warrants: (i) to be a consumer as defined in Article 3 of the Consumer Code; (ii) to be of legal age; (iii) that the data provided by the User for the execution of the Contract are true and accurate; (iv) that the User will update the data provided to RCS whenever necessary. The User is authorized to use the Subscription exclusively for personal use, not collectively or for profit, and assumes full responsibility for any unauthorized use, including, but not limited to, the dissemination of content via email and file-sharing sites or the preparation of press reviews. The User acknowledges that he or she has no rights to the contents of the Subscription. Texts, videos, and photos may not be transferred to third parties and may be copied only for archive and personal documentation purposes. Any other copying, distribution, modification, or processing is prohibited, and by signing this Agreement, the User agrees to comply with all copyrights and restrictions applicable to the content accessed through the Subscription. If the User is not of legal age, he or she must not activate the Subscription. RCS does not and cannot control the age or legal capacity of Users who activate the Subscription; therefore, RCS is not liable for any subscriptions by minors.

11) Indemnity

In the event that RCS is held liable for a breach by a User of its obligations under applicable law or these Terms and Conditions, the User agrees to indemnify RCS from any dispute, action, claim, judgment, or settlement brought/adjudicated against it. This indemnity covers any amount required to be paid for any reason, as well as attorneys' fees and legal costs incurred by RCS.

12) RCS Liability RCS cannot guarantee in any way the accuracy and/or timeliness of the Subscription content. RCS cannot therefore be held liable for any damages that may arise to Users from the use of the information and content included in the subscription. RCS is committed to maintaining the efficiency of the Subscription. If forced to interrupt the Subscription due to exceptional events or maintenance, it will try to keep the interruption and/or malfunction periods as short as possible. In the event of an interruption of the Subscription for more than 24 hours, the User is entitled to a free extension of the subscription for a number of days equal to the number of days of service disruption. RCS systems will be used for any inquiries regarding the functioning of the Services. RCS will define the appropriate procedures for accessing the Subscription and reserves the right to improve them at any time to increase their efficiency. RCS will provide the Customer with all the technical specifications required to access the Subscription.

13) Limitation of Liability. Under no circumstances will RCS be held liable for malfunctions of the Subscription resulting from failures, overloads, or even temporary interruptions by telephone, electricity, and global and national network operators. No compensation may be sought from RCS for direct and/or indirect damages caused by the use or failure to use the Subscription, except in cases of willful misconduct or gross negligence. No compensation will be due for unpublished editorial content in the event of, but not limited to, epidemics, strikes, force majeure, etc., which may occur during the subscription period. Under no circumstances will RCS be held liable for malfunctions of services external to its servers, not expressly contemplated in the Contract and managed by third parties (search engine registration, online payment systems with banks or other banking institutions, etc.).

14) Intellectual property rights of Corriere della Sera/www.corriere.it and Digital Edition, La Lettura, and Corriere Giochi. The website, mobile sites, trademarks, logos, graphics, photographs, animations, videos, text, and any other content offered as a Subscription are the exclusive intellectual property of RCS or third parties entitled thereto and may not be reproduced, used, or represented without the express authorization of the owners. The usage rights granted by RCS to the User are strictly limited to accessing, requesting, receiving, and viewing on their device the editorial content published and promoted for this purpose, and to using such Content for private and personal purposes and without any purpose of sharing, dissemination, commercial communication, or profit outside the scope of the rights granted by RCS. Any other use by the User without the authorization of RCS is prohibited. Specifically, the User may not modify, copy, reproduce, download, disseminate, transmit, commercially exploit, and/or distribute in any way the content accessed through the Subscription. The User agrees to respect the copyrights of RCS and third parties where applicable. Copying, storing, or using any content accessed through the Subscription for purposes other than those set forth in this Agreement is prohibited.

15) Communications and customer service The services are offered by RCS MediaGroup SpA To obtain information, RCS can be contacted in the following ways depending on the device with which the Service is used:

WEBSITE:  https://abbonamenti.corriere.it/  MAIL: corriere.de@rcs.it Application Dedicated sections within the Applications

15) Code of Ethics Pursuant to and for the purposes of Legislative Decree 231/01, the User undertakes, in its relations with RCS, pursuant to and for the purposes of art. 1381 of the Italian Civil Code, to strictly comply with the provisions of the respective Code of Ethics, an integral part of the model adopted pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/01 and published on the website www.rcsmediagroup.it, fully accepting all the terms and conditions of which he or she declares to be fully aware. In the event of a violation of the aforementioned Code of Ethics, which is attributable to the User's responsibility, RCS shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement, by right and with immediate effect pursuant to art. 1456 of the Italian Civil Code, by simple written communication, without prejudice in any case to any other legal remedy, including the right to compensation for any damages suffered. Without prejudice to the foregoing, it is understood that the User shall substantially and procedurally indemnify and hold harmless, upon simple request and without the right to raise exceptions, RCS and, on its behalf, its successors in title, auditors, directors and employees from any claim, damage and/or request, including legal costs, that may be made by third parties in relation to any violations of the aforementioned Code of Ethics.

17) Privacy. The data provided by the User is collected and processed by RCS as an independent Data Controller for the provision of the requested services. The data will be processed primarily electronically. The personal data provided at the time of registration will be recorded and stored on protected electronic media and processed with appropriate security measures, including by associating and integrating them with other databases, always in full compliance with security measures to protect confidentiality. The data will be processed by RCS exclusively with the methods and procedures necessary for the management and provision of the requested Subscription and only with the User's express consent, to perform statistical analyses, market research, and send commercial information on the Data Controller's products and promotional initiatives. The data provided at the time of registration, with your consent, may be disclosed to third-party companies partnering with RCS for the provision of discounts and services, and to allow the identification of Users for purposes related to the provision of the Subscription. Furthermore, with your express consent, your data may be disclosed to Group companies – RCS MediaGroup SpA – and third-party companies operating in the publishing, automotive, insurance, financial, consumer goods and distribution, and services sectors, as well as to humanitarian and charitable organizations (a list is available upon request from the Data Controllers) for their own independent use for the same purposes: promotional, statistical analysis, market research, or commercial information. Communications for market research purposes or commercial information on products and promotional initiatives may be sent via postal mail, email, telemarketing, SMS, and MMS. Pursuant to Article 12 of EU Regulation 679/2016, you may exercise your rights, including the right to consult, modify, update, correct, or delete your data or object to its processing for the purposes of sending advertising materials and market research, by contacting the Data Controllers RCS MediaGroup SpA – Via Rizzoli 8, 20132 Milan and/or by email at privacy.direct@rcs.it

18) Applicable Law and Jurisdiction This agreement is subject to Italian law and the language of this agreement is Italian. In the event of a dispute arising from the interpretation, execution, or termination of this agreement, the court of the User's place of residence or domicile, if a consumer and in Italy, shall have jurisdiction pursuant to Article 66-bis of the Consumer Code.

Last updated July 9, 2025