cozycozy.com legal notices
cozycozy
Sign in
Terms and conditions
cozycozy.com is owned and operated by JOLIROOM SAS, a French corporation, with registered address at 5 rue Pleyel, 93200 Saint Denis, France - VAT Number FR66832137798 and contact email
[email protected]
(hereinafter, “JOLIROOM”). The company is registered at the Trade Registry of Bobigny under the number 832 137 798.
Hosting service providers: OVH, at 2 rue Kellermann - 59100 Roubaix - France - RCS Lille Métropole 424 761 419 00045 & Google Cloud Platform.
Director of publication: Jérémie Murat
Email:
[email protected]
The following terms and conditions apply to the website and services offered by JOLIROOM. This includes the mobile and tablet versions, as well as any other version of JOLIROOM that can be accessed through a desktop, mobile, tablet, social media or other device.
Use of the website and services means that you agree to these terms and conditions as set forth below (the "Terms").
1. ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
By using JOLIROOM, you agree to be bound by this Agreement. If you do not accept the terms of this agreement, you should leave JOLIROOM website immediately. We may modify this Agreement from time to time, and such modification shall be effective upon its posting on JOLIROOM. You agree to be bound by any modification to this Agreement when you use JOLIROOM after any such modification is posted; it is therefore important that you review this Agreement regularly.
JOLIROOM may, in its sole discretion, refuse to offer the services to any user and change its eligibility criteria at any time. This provision is void where prohibited by law and the right to access the website is revoked in such jurisdictions.
You may use the website only in compliance with these terms and all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules, and regulations.
By providing JOLIROOM with your email address and phone number you consent to our use of your email address to send you notices about the service, including those required by law. We may also use your email address and phone number to send you notifications and other messages, such as articles and special travel offers (newsletters). If you do not wish to receive these emails, you may opt-out of receiving them by sending us your withdrawal request via the contact information or by using the "unsubscribe" option in the emails or mobile notifications. Opting out may prevent you from receiving emails about updates, news or offers.
JOLIROOM will assist You in the search of products or services, by providing links for the procurement of said purchases with the Travel Provider/s. This agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of each travel Provider. In order for You to review the terms and conditions of your corresponding Travel Provider, you may contact them directly.
JOLIROOM reserves the right to terminate your access immediately, with or without notice to you, and without liability to you, if JOLIROOM believes that you have breached any of these terms, furnished JOLIROOM with false or misleading information, or interfered with use of the platform or the service by others.
2. SERVICES
Through this website, JOLIROOM offers a search and comparison service of travel products or services available on the travel market and proposed by third companies (hereinafter "Travel Provider(s)") on the basis of the search criterions informed by the User. From these search criterions, JOLIROOM sends your request to several Travel Providers which will be able to offer such travel products or services. JOLIROOM displays in the page of results all the travel products and services found from the JOLIROOM tool and JOLIROOM gives its best to propose the most relevant results. Each result proposed by JOLIROOM is matching with a deep hypertext link referring to the Travel Provider website. By clicking on this link, the User will be redirected on the Travel Provider website, on which the User could book directly for the travel product or service chosen. JOLIROOM does not enter into the contractual relationship relating to the Provider that You purchase, unless expressly indicated as such. Any query or consultation relating to products or services purchased must be directed to the corresponding Travel Provider.
For more information about our services, please contact us through our contact page or our contact information, our support team will be attentive and available to respond to your requests and concerns.
3. DISCLAIMER
The term “Travel Provider” includes, as appropriate, tour operators, online travel agencies, holiday package suppliers, hotels, hotel chains and Hotel Aggregators. The Travel Providers are totally independent of JOLIROOM. The publication of the Travel Providers' products and services shall not be considered as an affiliation to these companies nor a recommendation to buy their products and services.
By using this website to find products or services to purchase, you authorise JOLIROOM to connect You with the procurement process from the corresponding Travel Provider/s.
As a user, you are responsible for your use of the services (including, in particular, the JOLIROOM website), and for any transactions involving hotels, restaurants, product purchases or experiences provided by Travel Providers. JOLIROOM does not own, manage or contract for any hotel, restaurant, experience or product offered through our website.
If you book a reservation or purchase a service with a Travel Provider, then, in addition to this Agreement, you agree to review and be bound by the terms and conditions of purchase and use of the Travel Provider's website, the privacy policy, and any other rules or policies relating to the website or the provider's property.
Your interactions with Travel Providers are at your own risk and responsibility. JOLIROOM shall have no liability with respect to the acts, omissions, errors, representations, warranties, breaches or negligence of any Travel Provider or for any personal injury, death, property damage or other damages or expenses resulting from your interactions with the Travel Providers. The Services may link you to vendor sites or other sites that JOLIROOM does not operate or control.
Because JOLIROOM is not a party to hotel reservations, restaurant reservations, product purchases or experience-related transactions between travellers and Travel Providers, any dispute or conflict involving an actual or potential transaction between you and a Travel Provider, including the quality, condition(s), safety or legality of a hotel, restaurant, service, product or experience is the sole responsibility of each user.
4. TRAVEL DESTINATIONS
When booking international travel with Travel Providers or planning international travel through the information available on the website, you are responsible for ensuring that you meet all entry requirements to the respective international destinations and that your travel documents, including passports and visas, are in order. For information on passport and visa requirements, please check with the appropriate embassy or consulate. Because requirements may change at any time, be sure to check for updated information before making a reservation.
JOLIROOM is not responsible for inadmissibility to a flight or to any country due to lack of travel documents required by any airline, authority or country. These inconveniences are the sole responsibility of the Travel Providers and users.
Although most travel, including travel to international destinations, is made without incident, travel to certain destinations may be riskier than others. Travel agreements encourage travelers to investigate and review travel bans, warnings, advertisements and notices issued by their own governments and the governments of destination countries before booking travel to international destinations.
5. LICENSE TO USE THE PLATFORM
JOLIROOM gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the software provided to you by JOLIROOM as part of the services. This license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the services as provided by JOLIROOM, in the manner permitted by these terms. You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of our services or included software, nor may you reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of that software, unless laws prohibit those restrictions or you have our written permission.
The user agrees not to use the platform and the services negligently, for fraudulent purposes or in an unlawful manner. Likewise, the user agrees not to partake in any conduct or action that could damage the image, interests or rights of the JOLIROOM platform or third parties.
JOLIROOM reserves the right to terminate your access immediately, with or without notice, and without liability to you, if JOLIROOM believes that you have violated any of these terms or interfered with the use of the platform or service by others.
6. THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS.
“Third-Party Materials” means any content, images, videos, texts or other material that is owned by a third party, such as stock images, videos and texts. Such Third-Party Materials are subject to the applicable third-party terms and licenses, and may only be used as permitted by such terms and licenses.
7. COPYRIGHT
All materials on JOLIROOM, including, without limitation, names, logos, trademarks, images, text, articles, columns, graphics, videos, photographs, illustrations, software and other elements are protected by copyrights, trademarks and/or other intellectual property rights owned and controlled by JOLIROOM or by third parties that have licensed or otherwise provided their material to the platform. You acknowledge and agree that all Materials on JOLIROOM are made available for limited, non-commercial, personal use only. Except as specifically provided herein. No material may be copied, reproduced, republished, sold, downloaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, or otherwise used for any purpose, by any person or entity, without JOLIROOM prior express written permission. You may not add, delete, distort, or otherwise modify the material. Any unauthorized attempt to modify any material, to defeat or circumvent any security features, or to utilize JOLIROOM or any part of the material for any purpose other than its intended purposes is strictly prohibited.
8. COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS
JOLIROOM respects the intellectual property of others, and expects users to do the same. If you believe, in good faith, that any materials provided on or in connection with the JOLIROOM platform infringe upon your copyright or other intellectual property right, please send the following information to:
Identification of the intellectual property right that is allegedly infringed. All relevant registration numbers, or a statement concerning the ownership of the work, should be included.
A statement specifically identifying the location of the infringing material, with enough detail that JOLIROOM may find it on the JOLIROOM website.  Please note: it is not sufficient to merely provide a top-level URL.
Your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address.
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the use of the allegedly infringing material is not authorized by the owner of the rights, or its agents, or by law.
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information in your notice is accurate, and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
An electronic or physical signature of the owner of the copyright or the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest.
9. ACCURACY AND TIMELINESS OF INFORMATION
We do not guarantee that the information available on the platform and website is accurate, complete or updated. The content of this website is provided for general information and should not be taken as a professional advice. Any use of the material provided on this platform is at your own risk.
10. PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES
The content and information available on the platform (including, but not limited to, data, information, text, music, sound, photos, graphics, video, maps, icons or other material), as well as the infrastructure used to provide such content and information, is proprietary to JOLIROOM or licensed to the JOLIROOM by third parties. For all content other than your content, you agree not to otherwise modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell or re-sell any information, software or services obtained from or through the platform. Additionally, you agree not to:
Access, monitor, reproduce, distribute, transmit, broadcast, display, sell, license, copy or otherwise exploit any content of the services, including but not limited to, using any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means or any manual process for any purpose not in accordance with this Agreement or without our express written permission;
Violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers on the services or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or limit access to the services;
Take any action that imposes, or may impose, in our discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;
Deep-link to any portion of the services for any purpose without our express written permission;
"Frame", "mirror" or otherwise incorporate any part of the services into any other websites or service without our prior written authorization;
Attempt to modify, translate, adapt, edit, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any software programs used by JOLIROOM in connection with the services;
Circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Services or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content; or
Download any content unless it’s expressly made available for download by JOLIROOM.
11. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
JOLIROOM will provide its services with reasonable skill and care but does not give any guarantees, warranties or representations in respect of any other person's services.
Because of the nature of the Internet “JOLIROOM” provides and maintains the platform and website on an "as is", "as available" basis and makes no promise that use of the platform will be uninterrupted or entirely error free. We are not responsible to you if we are unable to provide our Internet services for any reason beyond our control.
Our platform may from time to time contain links to other websites which are not under the control of and are not maintained by us. These links are provided for your convenience only and we are not responsible for the content of those sites.
Except as provided above we can give no other warranties, conditions or other terms, express or implied, statutory or otherwise and all such terms are hereby excluded to the maximum extent permitted by law.
You will be responsible for any breach of these terms by you and if you use the platform in breach of these terms you will be liable to and will reimburse JOLIROOM for any loss or damage caused as a result.
JOLIROOM will not be liable in any amount for failure to perform any obligation under this agreement if such failure is caused by the occurrence of any unforeseen event beyond its reasonable control including without limitation Internet outages, communications outages, fire, flood, war or act of God.
These terms do not affect your statutory rights as a consumer which are available to you.
Subject as aforesaid, to the maximum extent permitted by law, JOLIROOM excludes liability for any loss or damage of any kind howsoever arising, including without limitation any direct, indirect or consequential loss whether or not such arises out of any problem you notify to JOLIROOM and JOLIROOM shall have no liability to pay any money by way of compensation, including without limitation all liability in relation to:
Any incorrect or inaccurate information on JOLIROOM;
The infringement by any person of any Intellectual Property Rights of any third party caused by their use of the platform or any product or service purchased through the platform;
Any loss or damage resulting from your use or the inability to use the web site or resulting from unauthorized access to, or alteration of your transmissions or data in circumstances which are beyond our control;
Any loss of profit, wasted expenditure, corruption or destruction of data or any other loss which does not directly result from something we have done wrong;
Any amount or kind of loss or damage due to viruses or other malicious software that may infect a user's computer equipment, software, data or other property caused by persons accessing or using content from the platform, or from transmissions via emails or attachments received from JOLIROOM;
All representations, warranties, conditions and other terms which but for this notice would have effect.
12. THIRD PARTIES
JOLIROOM contains content of third-party licensors to JOLIROOM, which is protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other laws. JOLIROOM owns and retains all rights, title and interest in the content. JOLIROOM hereby grants to you a limited, revocable, non-sublicensable license to Stream and/or view the content and any third party content located on or available through JOLIROOM or service (excluding any software code therein as set forth above) solely for your personal, non-commercial use in connection with viewing JOLIROOM and using the service.
Any dealings with third parties included within or on JOLIROOM involving the delivery of and payment for goods and services, or any other terms, conditions, warranties, or representations associated with such third parties, are solely between you and that third party. JOLIROOM is neither responsible nor liable for any part of such dealings or promotions. Any reference to any third party or the products or services of any third party on JOLIROOM does not constitute an endorsement or recommendation of such third party or the product or services of such third party by JOLIROOM or any of its employees, officers, independent contractors, agents or other representatives. Any reference to any third party on JOLIROOM is provided to you for informational purposes only. JOLIROOM encourages you to conduct your own research and due diligence regarding such third parties and their products and services. While JOLIROOM works to ensure the information on JOLIROOM is current and accurate.
13. SECURITY COMPONENTS
You understand that JOLIROOM and software embodied within JOLIROOM may include security components that permit digital materials to be protected, and that use of these materials is subject to usage rules set by JOLIROOM and/or content providers who provide content to JOLIROOM platform. You may not attempt to override, disable, circumvent or otherwise interfere with any such security components and usage rules embedded into JOLIROOM.
14. ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
No responsibility will be accepted by JOLIROOM for failed, partial or garbled computer transmissions, for any computer, telephone, cable, network, electronic or internet hardware or software malfunctions, failures, connections, availability, for the acts or omissions of any service provider, internet accessibility or availability or for traffic congestion or unauthorized human act, including any errors or mistakes.
15. INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to defend and indemnify JOLIROOM from and against any claims, causes of action, demands, recoveries, losses, damages, fines, penalties or other costs or expenses of any kind or nature including but not limited to reasonable legal and accounting fees, brought by third parties as a result of:
Your breach of this Agreement or the documents referenced herein.
Your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
Your use of the JOLIROOM platform and services.
16. CHANGES AND TERMINATION
We may change the platform and these terms at any time, in our sole discretion and without notice to you. You are responsible for remaining knowledgeable about these terms. Your continued use of the site constitutes your acceptance of any changes to these Terms and any changes will supersede all previous versions of the terms. Unless otherwise specified herein, all changes to these Terms apply to all users take effect. Furthermore, we may terminate this agreement with you under these Terms at any time by notifying you in writing (including by email) or without any warning.
17. PERSONAL DATA
For reference purposes only and in no way define, limit, construe or describe the scope or extent of such section. Any personal information you post on or otherwise submit in connection with the services and the use of the platform, will be used in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Please refer to our Privacy Policy.
18. ASSIGNMENT
This agreement and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by JOLIROOM without restriction.
19. INTEGRATION CLAUSE
This agreement together with the Privacy Policy and any other legal notices published by JOLIROOM, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and JOLIROOM concerning and governs your use of the platform and website.
20. DISPUTES
You agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these Terms or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof or the use of the JOLIROOM platform, will be settled by binding arbitration between you and JOLIROOM, except that each party retains the right to bring an individual action in small claims court and the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction.
21. HEADINGS
Headings are our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. These terms set forth the entire understanding and agreement between us with respect to the subject matter therein.
22. FINAL PROVISIONS
These terms are governed by the law of France and the European Union. Use of our platform and services is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these Terms, including, without limitation, this paragraph.
Our performance of these Terms is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in these Terms limits our right to comply with law enforcement or other governmental or legal requests or requirements relating to your use of our platform or information provided to or gathered by us with respect to such use.
If any part of these Terms is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions will not in any way be affected or impaired. Our failure or delay in enforcing any provision of these Terms at any time does not waive our right to enforce the same or any other provision(s) hereof in the future.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit https://www.cozycozy.com
(Hereinafter referred to as “
JOLIROOM
”).
The information collected through cookies will be under responsibility and in charge of JOLIROOM SAS with registered address at 5 rue Pleyel, 93200 Saint Denis, France - VAT Number FR66832137798 and contact email
[email protected]
. The company is registered at the Trade Registry of Bobigny under the number 832 137 798.
This Cookie Policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions.
By using the website, you accept the use of cookies by JOLIROOM, in the terms contained in this policy.
1. WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Cookies" are small text files that are stored on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. They allow the website to recognize your device and remember if you have been to the website before.
Cookies are a very common web technology; most websites use cookies and have done so for years. Cookies are widely used to make the website work more efficiently.
Cookies are used to measure which parts of the website users visit and to personalize their experience. Cookies also provide information that helps us monitor and improve the performance of the website.
2. REFUSING OR WITHDRAWING CONSENT TO THE USE OF COOKIES
If you do not want Cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some Cookies and to alert you when a Cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help’, ‘tool’, or ‘edit’ section. Please note that if you use your browser settings to block all Cookies, including strictly necessary Cookies, you may not be able to access or use all or parts of the functionalities of JOLIROOM.
If you want to remove previously-stored Cookies, you can manually delete the Cookies at any time. However, this will not prevent JOLIROOM from placing further Cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
We provide the links for the management and blocking of cookies depending on the browser you use:
Microsoft Edge
Firefox
Chrome
Safari
3. FIRST-PARTY COOKIES
We use Cookies to enhance the performance of our website and personalize your online JOLIROOM experience.  Cookies help us to collect information on how people use our website and which pages they visit. They enable us to monitor the number of visitors and to analyze website usage patterns and trends. We collect this information anonymously, so it does not identify anyone as an individual and no personal information is stored in our Cookies. We always use Cookie data in a responsible way.
4. THIRD-PARTY COOKIES
Third-party cookies may come from partners or third-party companies that provide functional web services or tools for our website and the optimal functioning and operation of our services. We use third party cookies responsibly and for the sole purpose of providing optimal functioning of the platform and services. You may opt out of these cookies by following the cookie removal information contained in this document or the technical information of the browser from which you access our website and services.
5. PERSISTENT COOKIES
We use persistent Cookies to improve your experience of using JOLIROOM. This includes recording your acceptance of our Cookie Policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you use JOLIROOM. Persistent Cookies remain on your device until deleted manually or automatically.
6. SESSION COOKIES
Session cookies are used to keep the session open for users when they enter the website and platform with their credentials and password. Session cookies are temporary and are deleted from your machine when the session is closed and the browser is closed. We use session cookies to keep your session open when you use our services and to identify you on our system each time you log on to the platform by starting a session.
The data collected by JOLIROOM and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above.
7. SOCIAL COOKIES
These cookies allow you to share our website and click “Like” on social networks like Facebook, Twitter, Google, and YouTube, etc. They also allow you to interact with each distinct platform’s contents. The way these cookies are used and the information gathered is governed by the privacy policy of each social platform.
8. USES OF COOKIES
Our Cookies are used for the following purposes:
Strictly Necessary:
These Cookies are essential for JOLIROOM to perform its basic functions.
Security:
We use these Cookies to help identify and prevent potential security risks.
Analytics and Performance:
Performance Cookies collect information on how users interact with our website, including what pages are visited most, as well as other analytical data. We use these details to improve how our website function and to understand how users interact with them.
Advertising:
These Cookies are used to display relevant advertising to visitors who use our services or visit websites we host or provide, as well as to understand and report on the efficacy of ads served on our website. They track details such as the number of unique visitors, the number of times particular ads have been displayed, and the number of clicks the ads have received. They are also used to build user profiles, including showing you ads based on products you’ve viewed on our website. These are set by JOLIROOM and trusted third party networks and are generally persistent in nature.
GOOGLE Analytics.
We use Google Analytics provided by Google, Inc., USA (“Google”). These tool and technologies collect and analyze certain types of information, including IP addresses, device and software identifiers, referring and exit URLs, feature use metrics and statistics, usage and purchase history, media access control address (MAC Address), mobile unique device identifiers, and other similar information via the use of cookies. The information generated by Google Analytics (including your IP address) may be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. We use the GOOGLE Analytics collection of data to enhance the website and platform and improve our service.
9. CONTACT US
If you have questions or concerns about this Cookie Policy and the handling and security of your data, please contact us through our contact page or via the contact information below:
[email protected]
.
Privacy policy
JOLIROOM values your privacy. This notice describes what information we collect, how we use it, and, if necessary, those with whom we share it.
By using JOLIROOM, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Your use of the website is also subject to our Terms and Conditions.
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of the website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates. This Privacy Policy has been developed and is maintained in accordance with all applicable federal and international laws and regulations and specifically with the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation - European regulation), the Data Protection Act 2018 (UK regulation) and the California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA – U.S regulation).
1. GENERAL INFORMATION
The personal data of the users that are collected and processed through https://www.cozycozy.com
Will be under responsibility and in charge of:
JOLIROOM SAS.
5 rue Pleyel, 93200 Saint Denis, France.
VAT number: FR66832137798
[email protected]
(Hereinafter referred to as “
JOLIROOM
”).
2. TYPES OF INFORMATION GATHERED
The information we learn from customers helps personalize and continually improve your experience at JOLIROOM. Here are the types of information we gather:
Information You Give Us.
You provide information when you search, read and watch the content, subscribe to our newsletter, use the platform and/or communicate with us through our contact information or through our contact forms. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with the following information:
First and last name
Email address
IP address
Any additional information relating to you that you provide to us directly through our platform.
JOLIROOM will not collect any personally identifiable information about you, unless you provide it.
GOOGLE Analytics.
We use Google Analytics provided by Google, Inc., USA (“Google”). These tool and technologies collect and analyze certain types of information, including IP addresses, device and software identifiers, referring and exit URLs, feature use metrics and statistics, usage and purchase history, media access control address (MAC Address), mobile unique device identifiers, and other similar information via the use of cookies. The information generated by Google Analytics (including your IP address) may be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. We use the GOOGLE Analytics collection of data to enhance the website and platform and improve our service.
Please consult Google's privacy policy here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Automatic Information.
Like many websites, we use "cookies." We obtain certain types of anonymous information which is not personally identifiable when your web browser accesses JOLIROOM or third-party content served by or on behalf of JOLIROOM on other websites. Some of the information we collect and analyze includes the Internet protocol (IP) address; computer and connection information such as browser type, version, and connection speed; purchase history; and the content you searched for, viewed, and possibly purchased.
3. HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR DATA
Personal data will be kept for the time necessary for the provision of the platform and services. The owner may be allowed to retain personal data for a longer period whenever the user has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the owner may be obliged to retain personal data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority. Once the retention period expires, personal data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
4. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION.
In general, we use the information we collect primarily to provide, maintain, protect and improve our current website and services. We use personal information collected through our platform as described below and described elsewhere in this Policy to:
Identify you as a user in our system.
Provide the content.
Provide the services.
Improve our website and how we operate our business.
Understand and enhance your experience using our website and products.
Send automatic recurring emails (newsletter).
Respond to your comments or questions through our support team.
Send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages.
Communicate with you about upcoming events and news about services offered by JOLIROOM and our selected partners.
Marketing purposes of JOLIROOM.
Protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized or illegal activity.
5. HOW DO YOU GET MY CONSENT?
By subscribing to our newsletter, using the platform, communicating with us through the contact forms or our contact information, accepting the use of cookies by our website and providing us with personal information to communicate with you, you consent to our collection, storage and use of your information on the terms contained in this privacy policy. You may withdraw your consent by sending us your request via the contact information or the contact page.
6. SOCIAL MEDIA
On our website you will find links and functions linked to different social networks, in which you can share your information.
It is advisable to consult the privacy policy and data protection of each social network used on our website.
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Twitter:
https://twitter.com/privacy
Instagram:
http://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy
YouTube:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
7. HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below.
Third-Party Service Providers.
We use third party tools and services that help us to provide our services in an optimal way and to provide the functionalities of our platform. We use the following third party services and tools: Create the platform and host the website, sending emails, analyzing data (Google Analytics), Create Ads (Facebook, Google), providing marketing assistance and providing search results and links.
These third-party services and tools may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use that information for other purposes. Information shared with these third party services will be treated and stored in accordance with their respective privacy policies and our privacy policy. Please refer to the privacy policy of these third party services.
Business Transfers.
In the event that JOLIROOM creates, merges with, or is acquired by another entity, your information will most likely be transferred. JOLIROOM will email you or place a prominent notice on our Website before your information becomes subject to another privacy policy.
Protection of JOLIROOM and others.
We release personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce or apply our Terms and conditions and other agreements, or protect the rights, property, or safety of JOLIROOM, our users or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
With Your Consent.
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personally identifiable information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
Anonymous Information.
JOLIROOM uses the anonymous browsing information collected automatically by our servers primarily to help us administer and improve the platform and website. We may also use aggregated anonymous information to provide information about the website to potential business partners and other unaffiliated entities. This information is not personally identifiable.
Email Address.
The email address that you supply to us for purposes of receiving our email communications will never be rented or sold to a third party.
8. PROTECTING YOUR INFORMATION
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. If transactions are processed on the Website, transaction information is transmitted to and from the website in encrypted form using industry-standard SSL connections to help protect such information from interception. We restrict authorized access to your personal information to those persons who have a legitimate purpose to know that information to provide products or services to you and those persons you have authorized to have access to such information.
JOLIROOM follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once JOLIROOM receives it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while JOLIROOM strives to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
We will not sell, distribute, or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
9. EU MEMBERS’ RIGHTS (GDPR COMPLIANT)
If you are habitually located in the European Union, you have the right to access, rectify, download or erase your information, as well as the right to restrict and object to certain processing of your information. While some of these rights apply generally, certain rights apply only in certain limited circumstances.
We describe these rights below:
Access and portability:
to access and know what information is stored in our servers, you can send us your request through our contact information.
Rectify, Restrict, Limit, Delete:
You can also rectify, restrict, limit or delete much of your information.
Object:
When we process your information based on our legitimate interests as explained above, or in the public interest, you may object to this processing in certain circumstances. In such cases, we will stop processing your information unless we have compelling legitimate reasons to continue processing it or where it is necessary for legal reasons.
Revoke consent:
Where you have previously given your consent, such as to allow us to process and store your personal information, you have the right to revoke your consent to the processing and storage of your information at any time. For example, you may withdraw your consent by updating your settings. In certain cases, we may continue to process your information after you have withdrawn your consent if we have a legal basis for doing so or if your withdrawal of consent was limited to certain processing activities.
Complaint:
If you wish to file a complaint about our use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have), you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority. Users can exercise all these rights by contacting us through the contact information or the contact page.
Additionally, if you are a European resident, we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfil contracts we might have with you or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe.
10. CALIFORNIA ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE (CalOPPA)
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared.
Because we value your privacy, we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA).
According to the California Online Privacy act, you have the following rights:
Know what personal data is being collected.
Know whether your personal data is sold or disclosed and to whom.
Access to your personal data.
Request to delete any personal information about you.
Not be discriminated against for exercising their privacy rights.
California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”)

Under CCPA, Californian residents have the right to declare their preferences on the sale
of data for advertising and marketing purposes. If you wish to change your preferences,
click this link to launch our preference portal:
Fuse Privacy Tool
We use a third-party to provide monetisation technologies for our site. You can review their
privacy and cookie policy at
https://publift.com/privacy-policy/
.
11. CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION
We are in compliance with the requirements of the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation - European regulation), the Data Protection Act 2018 (UK regulation) and the California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA – U.S regulation) regarding the protection of the personal data of minors. We do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website and products are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us. If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal information, we will take steps to delete that information, terminate that person's account, and restrict access to that person.
12. RIGHTS ABOUT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Right to Access:
You have the right to request copies of Your personal data from us. We may charge You a small fee for this service.
Right to Rectification:
You have the right to request Us to correct information You believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that We complete information that You believe is incomplete.
Right to Erasure:
You may have a right to request that We delete the personal information We hold about You at any time, and We will take reasonable steps to delete Your personal information from Our current records. If You ask Us to delete Your personal information, We will let You know how the deletion affects Your use of the Site or products and services. There may be exceptions to this right for specific legal reasons which, if applicable, We will set out for You in response to Your request.
Restrict:
You have the right to request that We restrict the processing of Your personal information if (i) You are concerned about the accuracy of Your personal information; (ii) You believe Your personal information has been unlawfully processed; (iii) You need Us to maintain the personal information solely for the purpose of a legal claim; or (iv) We are in the process of considering Your objection in relation to processing on the basis of legitimate interests.
Objecting to processing:
You have the right to object to the processing of Your personal information that is based on Our legitimate interests or public interest. If this is done, We must provide compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which overrides Your interests, rights, and freedoms, in order to proceed with the processing of Your personal information.
Data portability:
You have the right to request a copy of the personal information You have provided to Us to be provided to You and/or another data controller, and that the format of such information be in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
We have 30 days to respond to You if you make a request. To exercise any of these rights please contact Us below with “GDPR Request” in the subject line:
[email protected]
13. SUPPLIERS AND OTHER THIRD PARTIES
Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document addresses only the use and disclosure of information JOLIROOM collects from you. If you disclose your information to others, whether other users or suppliers on JOLIROOM, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. JOLIROOM does not control the privacy policies of third parties, and you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties where applicable. JOLIROOM is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of other websites on the Internet, even those linked to or from the JOLIROOM site. JOLIROOM encourages you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.
14. ENFORCEMENT
JOLIROOM regularly reviews its compliance with this Policy. Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this Policy or JOLIROOM treatment of personal information by contacting us.
When we receive formal written complaints, it is JOLIROOM policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns. We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that cannot be resolved between JOLIROOM and an individual.
15. CONTACT US
If you have questions or concerns about these Privacy Policy and the handling and security of your data, please contact us through our contact page or via this email address:
[email protected]
.