Access Every Font, Graphic & Template You'll Ever Need — Free Today
Free trial with 10 FREE downloads
Renews for £3.99/m (normally £29.00/m), billed yearly. Cancel anytime
Access to millions of Graphics, Fonts, Classes & more
Personal, Commercial and POD use of files included

Try free today:

09 hours : 16 mins : 22 secs
TRY FOR FREE NOW (£0.00)
Unlimited downloads - One click to skip trial
Terms of Service
Home
Terms of Service

 

OVERVIEW

This website is operated by Creative Fabrica B.V. and its Affiliates (collectively, “Creative Fabrica”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). Creative Fabrica offers this website, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.

By visiting our site and/or obtaining a license for a product through our Service, you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Service”, “Terms”), including but not limited to the below agreements which are incorporated by reference:

Our Subscription Agreement
Our Subscription License
Our Single Sales License
Our Privacy Policy
Our Studio Terms

These Terms of Service apply to all users of the site, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/or contributors of content.

Please read these Terms of Service carefully before accessing or using our website. By accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the website or use any services. If these Terms of Service are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms of Service.

Any new features or tools which are added to the current Service shall also be subject to the Terms of Service. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page. We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and/or changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.

 

SECTION 1 – PLATFORM TERMS

By agreeing to these Terms of Service, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.

You may not use products available on the Service for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).

You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature.

A breach or violation of any of the Terms may result in:

A temporary suspension of your access to the Services;
A permanent suspension of your access to the Services;
A pause or hold on your subscription;
Additional identity verification requirements;
An immediate termination of your Services.

 

SECTION 2 – GENERAL CONDITIONS

We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.

You understand that your content (not including credit card information), may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Credit card information is always encrypted during transfer over networks.

You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the website through which the service is provided, without express written permission by us.

The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.

Creative Fabrica does not guarantee a minimum or maximum number of items, nor does Creative Fabrica guarantee that items that are available right now, will remain available in the future.

 

SECTION 3 – ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS AND TIMELINESS OF INFORMATION

We are not responsible if the information made available on this site is not accurate, complete or current. The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk.

This site may contain certain historical information. Historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site.

We are not responsible for the wrong categorization of items, missing or damaged downloads or install files.

We cannot be held responsible under any circumstance for damage that may or not have been caused by downloading, installing or using our site or any of the items offered on our site.

 

SECTION 4 – MODIFICATIONS TO THE SERVICE AND PRICES

Subscription fees for our Service are subject to change with notice. For single sales, the prices for products are set by the individual Designers and may be changed by them at any time. We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service.

We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time.

We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.

 

SECTION 5 – PRODUCTS OR SERVICES

Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through the website. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our Return Policy.

We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of products available on the Service that appear at the Platform. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor’s display of any color will be accurate.

We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of products available on the Service or Services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services available through the Service. All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at any time without notice, at the sole discretion of us. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time. Any offer for any product or service made on this site is void where prohibited.

We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected.

All items offered on the site are copyrighted by their respective owners. This may be Creative Fabrica or this may be 3rd party designers/creators/developers. Licenses are granted directly to the user under the terms of the applicable license agreement. For Products provided by third-party designers (“Designers”), the license is granted by the Designer. For Products owned by Creative Fabrica, the license is granted by Creative Fabrica. In all cases where the license is granted by a Designer, Creative Fabrica provides the platform to facilitate this transaction and is not a party to the license agreement.

Creative Fabrica acts solely as an intermediary platform. We do not endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for any content, products, or services offered by third parties through our platform.

 

SECTION 6 – ACCURACY OF BILLING AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION

We reserve the right to refuse or cancel any transaction processed through the Service for any reason. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors.

You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made through our Service. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and credit card numbers and expiration dates, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed.

For more details, please review our Subscription Agreement.

 

SECTION 7 – LICENSES AND PAYMENTS

You agree to be bound by the specific terms of any license or agreement you enter into on the Platform.

Single Sales: All single sale purchases are governed by these Terms of Service. Payments are final and non-refundable except as required by law. As our products are digital content delivered immediately upon purchase, you acknowledge that you thereby waive your statutory right of withdrawal.
Subscriptions: Subscriptions are governed by a separate Subscription Agreement, which you must agree to at the time of purchase. The Subscription Agreement contains all terms related to billing, auto renewal, cancellation, and refunds.
Licenses: All products downloaded from the Service are subject to either the Subscription License or the Single Sales License, as applicable. These licenses are an agreement between you and the Designer, and you agree to be bound by their terms.

 

SECTION 8 – OPTIONAL TOOLS

We may provide you with access to third-party tools over which we neither monitor nor have any control or input.

You acknowledge and agree that we provide access to such tools ”as is” and “as available” without any warranties, representations or conditions of any kind and without any endorsement. We shall have no liability whatsoever arising from or relating to your use of optional third-party tools.

Any use by you of optional tools offered through the site is entirely at your own risk and discretion and you should ensure that you are familiar with and approve of the terms on which tools are provided by the relevant third-party provider(s).

We may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall also be subject to these Terms of Service.

 

SECTION 9 – THIRD-PARTY LINKS

Certain content, products and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties.

Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third-parties.

We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party websites. Please review carefully the third-party’s policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the third-party.

 

SECTION 10 – USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK AND OTHER SUBMISSIONS

If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, ‘comments’), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any comments.

We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Service.

You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.

 

SECTION 11 – PERSONAL INFORMATION

Your submission of personal information through the Service is governed by our Privacy Policy. Click here to view our Privacy Policy.

 

SECTION 12 – ERRORS, INACCURACIES AND OMISSIONS

Occasionally there may be information on our site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, product shipping charges, transit times and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).

We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated.

 

SECTION 13 – PROHIBITED USES

In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Service, you are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses; or (l) sharing, selling, leasing, or otherwise transferring your account or subscription to any other person or entity.

 

SECTION 14 – DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

We do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our Service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free.

We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the Service will be accurate or reliable.

You agree that from time to time we may remove the Service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the Service at any time, without notice to you.

You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the Service is at your sole risk. The Service provided by Creative Fabrica is delivered to you ‘as is’ and ‘as available’ for your use, without any representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement.

Products available through the Service are provided by and are the sole responsibility of third-party Designers. Creative Fabrica is a platform and does not make, and hereby expressly disclaims, any representation, warranty, or condition regarding any Product, including but not limited to, title, non-infringement, quality, or accuracy. Any claim related to a Product is a matter to be resolved directly between you and the respective Designer.

In no case shall Creative Fabrica, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the service or any products procured using the service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the service, even if advised of their possibility. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.

To the fullest extent permitted by law, our total liability to you for any and all claims arising out of or related to your use of the Service or these Terms of Service shall be limited to the greater of: (a) one hundred U.S. dollars ($100); or (b) the total fees you paid to us in the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the event that gave rise to the claim.

We shall not be held liable for any failure or delay in performing our obligations under these Terms if such failure or delay is caused by events beyond our reasonable control. This includes, but is not limited to, acts of God, natural disasters, war, terrorism, civil unrest, government actions, or widespread internet or power outages.

 

SECTION 15 – INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY & COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS

Creative Fabrica respects intellectual property rights and operates comprehensive procedures in compliance with applicable law. If you believe your intellectual property has been infringed by content on our Service, please use the “Report a Problem” button located on the relevant product page. This button will guide you through our copyright report form to submit your complaint.

Upon receiving a valid and complete report via this form, we will promptly remove or disable access to the material and notify the user who posted it. We may also terminate the accounts of repeat infringers.

For content that may violate laws beyond intellectual property (hate speech, illegal goods, etc.), please use the “Report a Problem” button located on the relevant product page.

 

SECTION 16 – INDEMNIFICATION

You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Creative Fabrica and our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Service or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party.

 

SECTION 17 – OWNERSHIP

Files offered on the Service are owned by their respective Designers. When you download a product, you obtain a license directly from the Designer under the terms of the applicable license agreement. You do not acquire ownership of the files themselves. On the product page it’s listed who the Designer is.

 

SECTION 18 – SEVERABILITY

In the event that any provision of these Terms of Service is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms of Service, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.

 

SECTION 19 – TERMINATION

The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes.

These Terms of Service are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Service at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or when you cease using our site.

If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Service, we also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and/or accordingly may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).

 

SECTION 20 – ENTIRE AGREEMENT

The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.

These Terms of Service and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or in respect to The Service constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service).

Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Service shall not be construed against the drafting party.

In the event of any conflict between the English version and other translated versions of the content in this Terms of Service, the English version shall prevail. In the event of any conflict between the English version and other translated versions of the content on this website, the English version shall prevail.

 

SECTION 21 – ASSIGNMENT

We reserve the right to transfer or assign these Terms of Service, including any rights and obligations under it, to an Affiliate or a third party at our sole discretion, without notice to you. You may not transfer or assign these Terms, or any rights or obligations under it, to any third party without our prior written approval.

 

SECTION 22 – DISPUTE RESOLUTION

Before filing any claim, you must contact us at hi@creativefabrica.com and attempt to resolve the dispute informally for 30 days. If we cannot resolve the dispute informally, any remaining dispute will be resolved through binding individual arbitration under the rules of Netherlands Arbitration Institute. You waive any right to participate in class actions or representative proceedings. Either party may seek injunctive relief in court to protect intellectual property or prevent unauthorized access to our services. Arbitration will be conducted in The Netherlands or remotely at the arbitrator’s discretion.

 

SECTION 23 – GOVERNING LAW

These Terms of Service and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of The Netherlands.

 

SECTION 24 – CHANGES TO TERMS

You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page.

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check our website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website or the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes.

 

SECTION 25 – CONTACT INFORMATION

Questions about the Terms of Service should be sent to us at hi@creativefabrica.com.

You are reading version 1.1 of the Terms of Service, valid since 12 November 2025. You can find the previous version here.

x

The Creative Fabrica website uses cookies to make your online experience easier and better. By using our website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information, see our Cookie Policy

Support