Live Cricket Score, Schedule, Latest News, Stats & Videos
Menu
Live Scores
Schedule
Archives
News
Series
Teams
Videos
Rankings
More
MATCHES
IND
vs
ZIM
-
Preview
NZ
vs
SL
-
NZ won
WI
vs
RSA
-
Preview
JK
vs
KAR
-
Stumps
RSAW
vs
PAKW
-
RSAW won
ALL
All
Live Now
Today
INTERNATIONAL
ICC Men's T20 World Cup 2026
New Zealand vs Sri Lanka
46th Match, Super 8 Group 2 (Y2 v Y4)
West Indies vs South Africa
47th Match, Super 8 Group 1 (X3 v X4)
India vs Zimbabwe
48th Match, Super 8 Group 1 (X1 v X2)
Quadrangular T20I Series in Thailand
Japan vs Thailand
1st Match
Bhutan vs Bahrain
2nd Match
Thailand vs Bhutan
3rd Match
Bahrain vs Japan
4th Match
Kuwait tour of Hong Kong, China, 2026
Kuwait vs Hong Kong, China
1st T20I
Hong Kong, China vs Kuwait
2nd T20I
DOMESTIC
Ranji Trophy
Jammu and Kashmir vs Karnataka
Final
CSA Provincial One-Day Challenge Division One
South Western Districts vs Mpumalanga Rhinos
6th Match
Northern Cape vs Eastern Storm
5th Match
Knights vs Border
7th Match
South Africa Emerging Players vs Limpopo
8th Match
WOMEN
West Indies Women v Sri Lanka Women
Sri Lanka Women vs West Indies Women
3rd ODI
South Africa W v Pakistan W
South Africa Women vs Pakistan Women
2nd ODI
Zimbabwe Women tour of New Zealand
New Zealand Women vs Zimbabwe Women
1st T20I
Terms of Service
Last Updated: 01 April 2025
GENERAL TERMS
This Terms of Service govern your use of the website, Materials, Your Content offered through www.cricbuzz.com or mobile application or mobile website (together referred to as the "Site") and the various services offered under the Site (“Services”).
                For the purpose of these Terms of Service, wherever the context so require "you" or "your" or "user" shall mean any natural or legal person visiting, accessing and/or using Site by registering on the Site as registered user or browses
                the Site. Your access or use of the Site is subject to the terms and conditions of use as set out here (“Terms of Service” or “User Agreement”) and the Privacy Notice made available at
www.cricbuzz.com/info/privacy
.
Please note that by accessing or using the Site you agree to be bound by the Terms of Service and the Terms of Service is a legally binding agreement between you and us, CRICBUZZ PLATFORMS LIMITED ("Cricbuzz") having its registered office
                at Express Building, 9-10, Bahadurshah Zafar Marg, I.P. Estate, New Delhi, Central Delhi, India - 1 10002 India and having its corporate office at 190B, 2nd Floor, HN Plaza, Above Corporation Bank, 100 Ft Road, 6th Main, BSK 3rd Stage,
                Bengaluru-560085 and GST Number: 29AAMCC4662R1ZP and/or its subsidiary(ies), affiliate(s) (collectively referred to as the Company), which is the owner of all rights in the Site. All references to “You” and “Your” shall mean the User.
                All references to “Cricbuzz”, “Company”, “We”, “Us” and “Our” shall mean CRICBUZZ PLATFORMS LIMITED.
Use of the Site is offered to You conditioned on acceptance of all the terms, conditions and notices contained in these Terms of Service, along with any amendments made by Company at its sole discretion and posted on the Site, including by
                way of imposing an additional charge for access to or use of a Service.
This document constitutes a legally binding user agreement between the Company and You. If you do not agree with any or all of the following user agreement (including the privacy notice), please do not access and/or use the site. We reserve
                the right, at Our sole discretion, to change, modify or otherwise alter these Terms of Service at any time without prior notice. Such changes and/or modifications shall become effective immediately upon being posted/published on the Site
                herein. Please review the Terms of Service from time-¬to-¬time. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes and/or modifications shall constitute Your acceptance of any revised Terms of Service. The Company retains
                the right at any time to deny or suspend access to all or part of the Site to anyone who the Company believes has violated any of these Terms of Service.
USER REGISTRATION
You may use the Site without registration however, to participate in certain activities of the Site you may be required to create an account or you can login through your Facebook account or any other third-party service account permitted
                by the Site. In the event you wish to create an account with us you may do so by completing the registration process. You agree to: a) provide true, accurate, correct and complete information as prompted by the applicable registration
                form b) maintain and update true, accurate, correct and complete information provided by you during the registration process. You may be required to choose a password and user name. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality
                of your password and account.
If at any time Company believes that your account and password is being misused in any manner, or that the information provided by you during the registration process is not true, inaccurate or incomplete the Company reserves the right to
                cancel your account and block your access to the Site. You are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree to notify the Company of any unauthorised use of your account or any breach of security.
                Company will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or account or your failure to comply with this section.
By registering for an account with us you give us permission to send you mailers and/or sms and whatsapp messages on different promotions, deals or offers running on the platform and content published or upcoming including but not limited
                to articles and videos. From the said mailers and/or sms and whatsapp messages you can at any time unsubscribe and opt out of receiving such mails and/or sms and whatsapp messages after which you will not be sent such mailers and/or sms
                and whatsapp.
USER ACCEPTANCE
You hereby represent and warrant to the Company that you are at least eighteen (18) years of age or above and are capable of entering, performing and adhering to these Terms and that you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions.
                While individuals under the age of 18 may utilize the Service of the site, they shall do so only with the involvement & guidance of their parents and/or legal guardians, under such parent /legal guardian's registered account.
Some content offered on the Site may not be suitable for some Users and therefore viewer discretion/parental discretion is advised. Also, some content offered on the Website may not be appropriate for viewership by persons below the Age of
                Majority. If You are under the Age of Majority, You may view the content only with prior consent of Your parents/legal guardians. Parents/legal guardians are advised to exercise discretion before allowing their children and/or wards to
                access this Site and/or any Material (as defined later). Your access to and use of the Site is subject to these User Agreement, Privacy Notice and all applicable laws, rules, and regulations in India.
The Company grants You a personal, revocable, non-exclusive, non‐transferable right to access and use the Site, for non‐commercial use only and private viewing only, in accordance with these User Agreement. These User Agreement, govern Your
                access of the Website and any data, message, text, image, audio, sound, voice, codes, computer programmes, software, database, microfilm, video, information, content, etc. that You host, publish, share, transact, display and/or upload.
Please note that the availability of the Site in Your jurisdiction, and Your ability to access the Site is subject to the Company’s sole discretion. The Company may at its sole discretion restrict the Site from being accessed in certain geographical
                locations. You undertake that Your access of the Site shall be in compliance with all applicable laws (as amended from time‐to-time). You understand that Your access of the Site and its contents may vary depending upon Your jurisdiction,
                device specifications, internet connection, etc. You acknowledge and agree that We will provide You only access to the Site and that You will be solely responsible for all equipment as may be necessary for You to access the internet, mobile
                and/or other connection, operator and service fees associated with Your access, etc.
OWNERSHIP AND USE OF THE SITE
“Intellectual Property Rights” shall mean all patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, database right, trade names, brand names, trade secrets, design rights and similar proprietary rights of the Company whether registered or unregistered
                and all renewals and extensions. All rights, title and interest in the Intellectual Property Rights in the Site including without limitation all its constituent materials provided on this site, including but not limited to all information,
                materials, functions text, logos, designs, graphics, images, sounds, software, documents, products and services (collectively, the "Materials"), and the selection, arrangement and display thereof, are the property of the Company and/or
                its licensors and/or other respective owners and are protected, without limitation, pursuant to Intellectual Property Rights laws of India and the world. The Company retains full, complete and absolute title to the Website and all Intellectual
                Property Rights therein.
The Site including any Materials thereon shall be deemed to be non-exclusively licensed to You by Us only for Your non‐commercial personal use and only for such period as We may, in Our sole discretion, deem appropriate. You may not use the
                Site for commercial purposes or in any way that is unlawful, or harms us or any other person or entity, as determined in our sole discretion. You shall not use, reproduce, redistribute, sell, offer on commercial, rental, decompile, reverse
                engineer, disassemble, adapt, communicate to the public, make a derivative work, interfere with the integrity of the Website (including without limitation the software, coding, constituents, elements, Materials, etc.) in any manner whatsoever.
Except as stated herein, none of the Materials may be modified, copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, sold, compiled, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including but not limited to, electronic,
                mechanical, photocopying, recording or other means, without the prior express written permission of the Company.
You expressly confirm not to, directly or indirectly, copy, reproduce, modify, edit, re‐edit, amend, alter, vary, enhance, improve, upgrade, create derivative works, translate, adapt, abridge, delete, display, perform, publish, distribute,
                circulate, communicate to the public, disseminate, broadcast, transmit, sell, rent, lease, lend, assign, license, sub-license, disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer, market, promote, circulate, exploit, digitally alter or manipulate
                the Website (including any and all Materials therein) (in whole or in part) in any manner, medium or mode now know or hereinafter developed.
You may post/share links/images/text content on the site on social platforms like Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Pinterest, with appropriate link-back to the original source. When the Site provides for the download of particular Material including
                a software, you may download such Material or software to a computer or mobile device (as applicable) for your personal, non-commercial use only, provided that you (a) keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices, and (c) transfer
                any Material or software or any part thereof to any other computer of mobile device. Any commercial or business use of the Site or any Material including the Software is expressly prohibited.
Except as expressly provided above, nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right under any patent, trademark or copyright of the Company. You acknowledge and agree that
                nothing in these Terms of Service shall have the effect of transferring the ownership of any copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names or other proprietary rights in the Site or Material or any part thereof to you or any third
                party.
PROHIBITED USE
As a condition of your use of the Site, you will not use the Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Service or by any domestic or international laws, statutes, ordinances and regulations. Your use of site is
                your sole responsibility. You shall not, display, upload, modify, publish, transmit, update or share any information on the Site, that :
belongs to another person and to which the user does not have any right;
is defamatory, obscene, pornographic, paedophilic, invasive of another’s privacy, including bodily privacy, insulting or harassing on the basis of gender, libellous, racially or ethnically objectionable, relating or encouraging money
                        laundering or gambling, or otherwise inconsistent with or contrary to the laws in force;
is harmful to child;
infringes any patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights;
violates any law for the time being in force;
deceives or misleads the addressee about the origin of the message or knowingly and intentionally communicates any information which is patently false or misleading in nature but may reasonably be perceived as a fact;
impersonates another person;
threatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign States, or public order, or causes incitement to the commission of any cognisable offence or prevents investigation of any offence
                        or is insulting other nation;
contains software virus or any other computer code, file or program designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer resource;
is patently false and untrue, and is written or published in any form, with the intent to mislead or harass a person, entity or agency for financial gain or to cause any injury to any person.
USE OF PUBLIC FORUM
Certain sections or pages of the Site contain a provision (like have your say or Cric chat) hereinafter referred to as ("Public Forum") for the users to post or upload comments, feedback, User’s opinion, data, links, videos, audios, graphics,
                images, messages and other material ("User Content"). Through the Public Forum you can communicate with other users of the Site.
You are entirely responsible for all the User Content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available on the Public Forum. You understand that such User Content can be viewed by other users of the Site and therefore you
                shall exercise due care to ensure that such User Content does not offend or abuse other users of the Site. Company does not control the User Content posted on the Public Forum and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or
                quality of such User Content. The User Content does not reflect the views of the Company. In no event shall the Company be held responsible for any User Content, neither does the Company endorse or recommend any User Content, nor shall
                the Company be liable for any loss or damages resulting from publishing of the User Content on the Site.
You understand that by using the Site, you may be exposed to User Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will Company be liable in any way for any User Content, including, but not limited to, for any errors
                or omissions in any User Content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any User Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available on the Site.
When you post or upload your User Content on the Site, you grant Company (and its licensees, distributors, agents, representatives and other authorised users), the rights a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive, and irrevocable right, in
                whole or in part to license to reproduce, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, perform or display such User Content, in whole or in part, in any form, media or technology known or hereafter developed. You provide Company the
                rights to use the User Content in isolation or in combination with any other material. You agree that in such circumstances, You are not entitled to any intimation or compensation from the Company.
User Content posted by you shall be subject to relevant laws and may be disabled, or and may be subject to investigation under appropriate laws. You agree that the Company may disclose or preserve User Content if required to do so by law or
                in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) respond to claims that any User Content violates the rights of third-parties; or (c) protect the rights, property,
                or personal safety of the Company and the public. Furthermore, if you are found to be in non-compliance with the laws and regulations, these Terms of Service, or the Privacy Notice of the Site, we may terminate your account/block your
                access to the Site and we reserve the right to remove any of User Content that is non-compliant with these Terms of Service.
You agree, covenant and undertake that You shall NOT host, display, upload, modify, publish, transmit, update or share any data, information, content or message that: (a) belongs to another person and to which You do not have any right to;
                (b) is grossly harmful, harassing, blasphemous defamatory, derogatory, obscene, pornographic, paedophilic, libellous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money
                laundering or gambling, or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatever; (c) harm minors in any way; (d) infringes any patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights or intellectual property rights; (e) violates any applicable national
                or international laws, regulations, rules and/or guidelines; (f) deceives or misleads the addressee about the origin of such messages or communicates any information which is grossly offensive or menacing in nature; (g) impersonates another
                person; (h) contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer resource; (i) threatens the unity, national interest ,integrity, defence, security
                or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states, or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognisable offence or prevents investigation of any offence or is insulting to any other nation/country; (j)
                is offensive or has menacing character; (k) causes annoyance, inconvenience, danger, obstruction, insult, injury, criminal intimidation, enmity, hatred or ill will; (l) causes annoyance or inconvenience or is intended to deceive or to
                mislead the addressee or recipient about the origin of such messages.
You further undertaker that You shall not use the Site to: (a) violate the privacy right or personal right or confidential information of any person; (b) commit an act which could be construed as an act of cyber terrorism; (c) collect, store
                and/or identify private/personal information of any user or person; (d) facilitate personal attacks on other individuals, entity, groups, caste, religion, race or community; (e) stalk or otherwise harass another person or user; (f) upload,
                post or e‐mail any content that You do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contract; (g) upload, post or e‐mail any content that infringes privacy rights, intellectual property rights or other third‐party rights of any
                person or party; (h) upload, post or e‐mail any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, junk- mail, spam, chain‐letters or any other form of solicitation; (i) upload, post or e‐mail any content that contains computer
                viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software, hardware, devices, platforms or telecommunications equipment and/or the Site; (j) interfere with,
                damage, disable, disrupt, impair, create an undue burden on, or gain unauthorized access to the Site, including the Company’s servers, networks or accounts; (k) disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, cause a screen to scroll faster than
                other users of the Site are able to type, or otherwise act in a manner that adversely affects other users’ ability to engage in real time exchanges; (l) cover, remove, disable, manipulate, block or obscure advertisements or other portions
                of the Site; (m) delete or revise any information provided by or pertaining to any other user of the Site; (n) promote and/or generate revenue for Yourself and/or any third‐party business activity; (o) carry out any activity that is prohibited
                under the Information Technology Act, 2000 and/or under any other applicable laws, rules or regulations; (p) post unauthorized commercial communications and including advertisements; and/or (q) manipulate or morph or alter or exploit any
                other User’s User Content.
You hereby confirm that the Company has the right to determine whether any content, data or information published by You on the Website is appropriate and complies with these User Agreement and accordingly remove any and/or all of Your User
                Content, and terminate Your access without prior notice. This shall be without prejudice to any other rights and remedies that the Company has under law and/or in equity and/or under this agreement.
If You submit any User Content on the Website, You shall be deemed to have waived any rights, interest and ownership in the User Content and deemed to have put the contents of the User Content in the public domain, making it open to re‐use,
                reproduction, distribution, communication to the public, adaptation, etc. You understand the risks associated with publishing User Content on the Site and agree that the Company shall not be responsible or liable for any digital alteration,
                manipulation, morphing, illegal exploitation, etc. of any User Content posted by You.
You further agree that the Company shall not be responsible or liable to You for any threatening, defamatory, derogatory, obscene, offensive or illegal conduct by other users or any infringement of Your intellectual property rights, privacy
                rights, personal rights, etc. by other users of the Website. You agree that Company has no liability or responsibility for the storage or deletion of any User Content and reserves the right to change its general practices and limits at
                any time in its sole discretion, with or without notice.
COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARKS
Unless otherwise stated, copyright and all intellectual property rights in all Materials on the Site (including but not limited to text, audio, video or graphical images, or technology, the look and feel of the Site), trademarks and logos
                appearing on this Site are the property of the Company and are owned and controlled by us or by other parties that have licensed their material to us. Materials on the Site are solely for your personal, non-commercial use. You must not
                copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute such material in any way, including by e-mail or other electronic means and whether directly or indirectly and you must not assist any other person to do so. Without the
                prior written consent of the owner, modification of the Materials, use of the Materials on any other web site or networked computer environment or use of the Materials for any purpose other than personal, non-commercial use is a violation
                of the copyrights, trademarks and other proprietary rights, and is prohibited. Any use for which you receive any remuneration, whether in money or otherwise, is a commercial use for the purposes of this clause. You agree not to use any
                framing techniques to enclose any trademark or logo or other proprietary information of Company or remove, conceal or obliterate any copyright or other proprietary notice or any credit-line or date-line on other mark or source identifier
                included on the Site, including without limitation, the size, colour, location or style of all proprietary marks. Any infringement shall be vigorously defended and pursued to the fullest extent permitted by law.
We respect other people's intellectual property rights and if you believe that any content or material on the Site infringes on your intellectual property rights you can write to us at
grievance@cricbuzz.com
.
DISCLAIMER
BY ACCESSING AND/OR USING THE WEBSITE, YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD AND AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS DISCLAIMER. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR ACCESS TO THE WEBSITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND AT YOUR FREE WILL. THE SITE, ALL THE MATERIALS
                AND PRODUCTS (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO SOFTWARE) AND ANY SERVICES, INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THIS SITE ARE GATHERED FROM A VARIETY OF SOURCES AND ARE INTENDED SOLELY AS GENERAL INFORMATION AND PROVIDED
                ON "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED EXCEPT OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN WRITING. THEY DO NOT CONSTITUTE ADVICE AND SHOULD NOT BE RELIED UPON IN MAKING (OR REFRAINING FROM MAKING) ANY
                DECISION. ANY SPECIFIC ADVICE OR REPLIES TO QUERIES IN ANY PART OF THE SITE IS/ARE THE PERSONAL OPINION OF SUCH EXPERTS/CONSULTANTS/PERSONS AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE OR INDICATE OUR ENDORSEMENT, REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF SUCH INFORMATION
                AND ARE NOT SUBSCRIBED TO BY THIS SITE.
THE COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES, ASSOCIATES AND GROUP COMPANIES, THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL, EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, SHAREHOLDERS, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, SUB- CONTRACTORS, CONSULTANTS AND THIRD‐PARTY PROVIDERS: (a)
                DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF COMPLETENESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, SUITABILITY, FITNESS, MERCHANTABILITY, AVAILABILITY, QUALITY,
                FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, COMPATIBILITY AND/OR SECURITY; (b) ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY INFECTION OR CONTAMINATION OF YOUR SYSTEM OR DEVICE ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE OR ANY
                CONNECTED WEBSITE AND DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE WEBSITE, THE SERVER(S) THAT MAKE THE WEBSITE AVAILABLE OR ANY CONNECTED WEBSITES ARE FREE FROM VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, WORMS, SOFTWARE BOMBS OR SIMILAR ITEMS OR PROCESSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS;
                (c) ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR INTERRUPTIONS, DELAYS, INACCURACIES, ERRORS, OR OMISSIONS ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE OR ANY CONNECTED WEBSITE OR WITH RESPECT TO THE MATERIAL AND USER CONTENT THEREON; AND (d) DO NOT WARRANT
                THAT THE WEBSITE, OR ANY CONNECTED WEBSITE, LINKED MICROSITES, ANY MATERIALS, THIRD-PARTY CONTENT, SERVICES OFFERED WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE OR ACCURATE OR SUIT YOUR PURPOSE. (i) EVERY EFFORT IS MADE TO KEEP THE WEBSITE RUNNING
                SMOOTHLY. HOWEVER, THE COMPANY TAKES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR, AND WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR, THE WEBSITE BEING UNAVAILABLE DUE TO ANY REASONS. (ii) THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY, ACCURACY, ADEQUACY, COMPLETENESS, FITNESS, CORRECTNESS AND
                VALIDITY OF ANY MATERIAL AND USE OF AND ACCESS TO THE WEBSITE OR ANY CONNECTED WEBSITE RESTS SOLELY WITH YOU. (iii) THE WEBSITE MAY CONTAIN LINKS TO OR INTEGRATIONS WITH OTHER THIRD‐PARTY WEBSITES/PLATFORMS SUCH AS CRICBUZZ11 WHICH ARE
                NOT UNDER THE CONTROL OF THE COMPANY. ANY WEBSITE YOU VISIT BY A LINK FROM THE WEBSITE IS SOLELY THE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE THIRD PARTY PROVIDING THE WEBSITE. THE CONTENT OF, INCLUDING MATERIALS AND INFORMATION CONTAINED ON, ANY THIRD PARTY
                WEBSITE TO WHICH YOU LINK FROM THE WEBSITE IS SOLELY THE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE PROVIDER OF THAT THIRD PARTY WEBSITE. ANY TRANSACTIONS THAT YOU ENTER INTO WITH A THIRD PARTY LISTED IN THIS WEBSITE OR LINKED FROM THIS WEBSITE ARE SOLELY
                BETWEEN YOU AND THAT THIRD PARTY. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY SUCH THIRD‐ PARTY CONTENT THAT MAY BE ACCESSED VIA THE WEBSITE, NOR THE ORGANIZATIONS PUBLISHING THOSE THIRD PARTY WEBSITES, AND HEREBY DISCLAIM ANY RESPONSIBILITY AND LIABILITY
                FOR SUCH CONTENT. THE INCLUSION OF ANY LINKS DOES NOT CONSTITUTE OR IMPLY AN ENDORSEMENT OR RECOMMENDATION BY US OF THE THIRD‐PARTY, OF THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE, ADVICE, INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIALS DISPLAYED, PURCHASED,
                OR OBTAINED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF AN ADVERTISEMENT OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION OR OFFER IN OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE THIRD PARTY WEBSITE (iv) TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, THE COMPANY, ITS AFFILIATES, ASSOCIATES AND GROUP COMPANIES,
                AND THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL, EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, SHAREHOLDERS, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, SUB-CONTRACTORS, CONSULTANTS AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS AND/OR DAMAGE AND/OR CLAIMS OF
                ANY KIND (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR BREACH OF STATUTORY DUTY OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE WEBSITE AND/OR MATERIALS AND/OR USER CONTENT AND/OR ANY CONNECTED THIRD PARTY WEBSITE INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION:
                (a) INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS; (b) LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUE OR SAVINGS OR OTHER ECONOMIC LOSS; (c) INCIDENTAL, DIRECT, OR SPECIAL LOSS OR SIMILAR DAMAGES; (d) LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO DATA; (e) LOSS OF BUSINESS, REPUTATION OR GOODWILL;
                AND/OR (f) WASTED OR LOST MANAGEMENT TIME; EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE OR IF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE WAS FORESEEABLE. (v) NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COMPANY OR ITS AFFILIATES, ASSOCIATES
                AND GROUP COMPANIES’ LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY AND ALL LOSSES, DAMAGES OR CLAIMS (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, BREACH OF STATUTORY DUTY OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, FOR ACCESSING THE WEBSITE. (vi) IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED
                WITH THE WEBSITE OR WITH THESE USER AGREEMENT, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE ACCESSING OR USING THE WEBSITE.
INDEMNITY
You agree to fully indemnify, defend and hold harmless the company, its affiliates, associates and group companies, and their respective directors, key managerial personnel, employees, officers, shareholders, agents, representatives, sub‐contractors,
                consultants and third‐party providers from and against all losses, claims and damages including legal fees, resulting from: (i) your violation of any term of these user agreement; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including
                without limitation any publicity, privacy, or intellectual property right; (iv) your breach of any applicable laws; (iv) any unauthorized, improper, illegal or wrongful use of your account by any person, including a third party, whether
                or not authorized or permitted by you; and (v) your breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking under these user agreement or under applicable law. this indemnification obligation will survive the expiry or termination
                of these user agreement and your use of the website.
LINKS AND THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
The Company may establish on the Site a hypertext link to a third-party website or integrations with third-party platforms such as Cricbuzz11. Such link is provided for information and convenience of the users and does not state or imply any
                sponsorship or endorsement of third-party website by Company. This Site may contain links of to other websites and/or integrations with mobile platforms which are owned, maintained and operated by third parties who are not related to the
                Company (“Third-Party Websites”). Third-Party Websites are not under the control of the Company and the Company shall not be responsible or liable for the content of any Third-Party Websites or any hyperlink contained in a Third-Party
                Websites and makes no representation or warranty with respect to the content of any such Third-Party Websites.
Your access and usage of any Third-Party Websites is entirely at Your own risk. The Company shall not be a party to any transaction between You and a Third-Party Website. Your use of a Third-Party Website is subject to the terms and conditions
                of that Third-Party Website in addition to these User Agreement. If there is any inconsistency these User Agreement prevail.
The Site may contain third-party advertisements, promotions, etc. (that may or may not contain embedded hyperlinks or referral buttons to Third-Party Websites). The display of such advertising does not in any way imply an endorsement or recommendation
                by the Company of the relevant advertiser, its products or services or any such Third-Party Website. You must refer directly to the relevant advertiser for all information regarding the advertiser and its products and/or services. The
                Company accepts no responsibility for any interaction between You and the relevant third party and is released from any liability arising out of or in any way connected with such interaction and/or any defects, deficiencies, claims, etc.
                arising out of an advertiser’s products and/or services.
USE OF GOOGLE ANALYTICS
The Site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information
                generated by the cookie about your use of the Site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the
                Site, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law,
                or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
ADVERTISING MATERIAL
Some part of the Site may contain advertising information or promotion material or other material submitted to Company by third parties. Responsibility for ensuring that the material submitted for inclusion on Site complies with applicable
                law is exclusively on the party providing the information/material. Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of advertisers or including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other
                terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between You and such advertiser. Company will not be responsible or liable for any claim, error, omission, inaccuracy in advertising material or
                any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers on the Site. Company reserves the right to omit, suspend or change the position of any advertising material
                submitted for insertion.
PAID SERVICE SUBSCRIPTION AND ACCESS TO USE
Plans and Terms - We may offer a varied number of plans with different term options. For plan term we consider a month as 30 days and a year as 365 days. You may based on your preference choose any one of them and pay the relevant amount for
                it. You can view the details of your selected subscription plan at "My Account > Manage Subscription" page.
Promotional Offers and Special Plans/Packs - We may from time to time offer special promotional offers, plans, packs or memberships ("Offers") on our platform or via association with partners, mobile operators or other service providers on
                third party platforms. An offer or special plan / pack cannot be clubbed with another or exchanged for any other product or subscription. We have the sole discretion to determine the offer or plan eligibility and we reserve the right to
                revoke an offer / special plan / pack and put your account on hold in the event that we determine you are not eligible. We may use information such as device ID, method of payment, mobile number or an account email address used with an
                existing or recent Cricbuzz Plus subscription to determine offer eligibility. Members with an existing or recent Cricbuzz Plus subscription may not be eligible for certain offers or special plans / packs. For certain offers or special
                plans based on applicable laws of the country you might be required to be 18 or above to purchase. Certain special plans when offered via mobile operator or another platform might involve payments via the said platform and in that case
                terms and conditions of that platform or mobile operator would also be applicable. As part of our partnership with third party services or other service providers when taking part in such Offers your details like mobile no. and/or email
                id etc may be shared with us, in which case you give us the right to reach out to you in regards to the said Offers. The eligibility requirements and other limitations and conditions will be disclosed when you sign-up for the offer/plan/pack,
                or make a purchase related to the said offer/plan/pack or in other communications made available to you.
Coupon/Voucher Redemption - As part of certain promotional offers or via sale from different platform we might give out coupons / vouchers for Cricbuzz Plus subscription. We have the sole discretion to decide on how these coupons / vouchers
                are distributed and what kind of benefits they provide to the user. These coupons / vouchers would have certain terms and conditions attached to it which would have been informed to you at time of distribution or in other communications
                made available to you. You can redeem these vouchers / coupons on Cricbuzz website by logging into your account and going to "My Account > Redeem Coupon" page. Members with an existing Cricbuzz Plus subscription might not be able to
                redeem certain coupons / vouchers while their subscription is still active. They can redeem the said coupons / vouchers after the subscription end date.
Billing Cycle - The subscription fee for Cricbuzz Plus and any other charges you may incur in connection with your use of the service, such as taxes and possible transaction fees, will be charged to your Payment Method on the specific payment
                date indicated on the "My Account > Manage Subscription" page. The length of your billing cycle will depend on the type of subscription that you choose when you signed up for the service. In some cases your payment date may change,
                for example if your Payment Method has not successfully settled, when you change your subscription plan or if your paid subscription began on a day not contained in a given month. On our website after signing in go to "My Account >
                Manage Subscription" page to see your next payment date. We may authorize your Payment Method in anticipation of subscription or service-related charges through various methods, including authorizing it for up to approximately one year
                of service as soon as you register.
Payments and Payment Methods - To use the Cricbuzz Plus service you must provide one or more Payment Methods and/or make online Payment via one of the Payment Methods made available by our Payment Gateway provider. You authorize us and our
                Payment Gateway provider to charge any Payment Method associated to your account in case your primary Payment Method is declined or no longer available to us for payment of your subscription fee. You remain responsible for any uncollected
                amounts. If a payment is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not cancel your account, we may suspend your access to the service until we have successfully charged a valid Payment Method.
                For some Payment Methods, the issuer may charge you certain fees, such as foreign transaction fees or other fees relating to the processing of your Payment Method. Local tax charges may vary depending on the Payment Method used. Check
                with your Payment Method service provider for details. Incase if you are on a non-auto renew plan then at the end of your selected plan term period you will be required to once again make an online Payment in order to continue using our
                paid service. In such a case you can view the last date of your selected plan term at "My Account > Manage Subscription" page.
Auto Renew - If you are currently on auto renew subscription then your subscription will renew automatically unless you cancel it before it renews in order to avoid billing of subscription fees for the renewal term. In case of auto renew to
                ensure seamless experience and continuous access to paid service we may initiate your payment upto 48 hours in advance. We will try to charge your primary payment method for subscription fee. Failing which we will try to charge alternate
                payment methods provided by you. Incase if you are on non auto renew subscription then to continue with your paid service at the end of the plan term you will be required to again make an online Payment.
Updating your Payment Methods - Incase of any payment issue faced during the auto renew of the subscription we may ask you to update your payment details. Following any update, you authorize us to continue to charge the applicable Payment
                Method(s)
Cancellation and Refund - Once a payment is done by you, it cannot be cancelled. To the extent permitted by the applicable law, payments are non-refundable and we do not provide refunds or credits for any partial membership periods or unwatched
                content. In a scenario where you attempted to purchase a plan and your payment was deducted from your account / card but not received by Cricbuzz, you should seek refund from the financial service provider. If you are on a non auto renew
                subscription and wish to not continue with the paid service then after the plan term ends you may not make the next payment. If you are on an auto renew subscription, you can cancel auto renew of your subscription at any time, and you
                will continue to have access to the service through the end of your billing period. To cancel, go to the "My Account > Manage Subscription" page and follow the instructions for cancellation. If you cancel your subscription auto renew,
                your account will automatically close at the end of your current billing period. To see when your account will close go to the "My Account > Manage Subscription" page.
Changes to the Price and Subscription Plans - We may change our subscription plans and the price of our service from time to time; however, any price changes or changes to your subscription plans will apply no earlier than thirty (30) days
                following notice to you.
No Intrusive Ads Feature - As part of the subscription plan one of the offering maybe related to the showing no intrusive ads. In this case the no intrusive ads feature does not remove any ad that will be part of the content itself including
                but not limited to - ads in live match stream, in play video ads, scorecard skins, boundary strip, wicket strip, top performer strip, sponsor logo.
Premium Content - As part of a subscription plan offering user may get access to additional content in terms of editorials and videos. Cricbuzz has the sole right to decide what content is considered as premium content and should be made available
                in the plan. Depending on the rights related to showcasing content in different geographical regions, some or all of the content might be available only for users in certain geographical regions. Cricbuzz has sole discretion to make a
                content part of a plan offering available to all users or vice versa at any point in time.
Deals, Rewards and Other Benefits - As part of a plan offering user may get access to certain deals, rewards or benefits of third party products or services. In which case availing the deal / reward or benefit of the product or service would
                be governed by their particular Terms of Service. Cricbuzz bears no responsibility in case of failure or issue arising with availing the deal, reward or benefit of the third party product or service.
Multi Device Access - As part of the subscription plan offering, users may access the paid content and other offerings on Cricbuzz platform from two different devices at a time. Cricbuzz has the sole right to decide how many devices can access
                the platform at the same time using his/her account credentials. Cricbuzz has the sole discretion to remove the multi device access feature or increase number of devices allowed per account.
MOBILE SERVICES AND OTHER REQUIREMENTS
The Services include certain services that may be available via a mobile device, including:
the ability to browse the Website from a mobile device and
the ability to access certain features through an application downloaded and installed on a mobile device.
To the extent you access the Services through a mobile device, your wireless service carrier's standard charges, data rates and other fees may apply. In addition, downloading, installing, or using certain mobile services may be prohibited
                        or restricted by your carrier, and not all mobile services may work with all carriers or devices.
In addition, You will be responsible for providing any other the equipment, hardware, software and services necessary to use the Service.
INTERNATIONAL USE
This Site is controlled and operated from within India. Company makes no representation that the Site is appropriate or available in locations outside of India. Those who choose to access the Site from other locations do so at their own risk
                and are responsible for compliance with applicable laws.
APPLICABLE LAW
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of India. Any disputes under this User Agreement shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts at Bengaluru, India, without giving
                effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT
The Terms of Service and Privacy Notice, as amended from time to time, constitute the entire agreement between you and Company. If any provision of these Terms of Service is considered unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then
                that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms of Service and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
CHANGES OF TERMS OF SERVICE
We reserve the right, to modify these Terms of Service at any time. Any changes to Terms of Service will be posted on the Site and your continued use of the Site following a posting of changes is your agreement to the changes and you are bound
                by the then-current version of these Terms of Service. If any changes to these Terms of Service are unacceptable to you, you must discontinue use of the Site. We reserve the right to suspend or deny, in our sole discretion, your access
                to all or any portion of the Site, including for any violation of any provision of these Terms of Service. We also reserve the right to change the Site without notice to you, at any time.
RELATIONSHIP
None of the provisions of the Terms of Service shall be deemed to constitute a partnership or agency between you and Company and you shall have no authority to bind Company in any manner, whatsoever. If you are registering on the Site as a
                business entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind the entity to this Agreement.
TERMINATION
The Company reserves the right to terminate Your access to all or part of the Website, at its sole discretion, without notice and without liability either to the Company or its directors, key managerial personnel, officers, employees, either
                for convenience or for any reason, including in the event of suspected or actual breach by You of any of these User Agreement, the Privacy Notice, violation of any law including the Act and/or rules thereunder or any other regulation,
                or for any other reason that the Company deems fit.
Upon termination or expiration of the Terms of Service, your obligations and Company's rights and disclaimers survive, but your right to use the Site immediately ceases. Any express waiver or failure to exercise promptly any right under the
                Terms of Service will not create a continuing waiver or any expectation of non-enforcement.
GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL
Redressal Mechanism: Any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to content and or comment or breach of these terms shall be immediately informed to the designated Grievance Officer as mentioned below via in writing or through email signed
                with the electronic signature to
MR. TARUN KUMAR (Grievance Officer)
CRICBUZZ PLATFORMS LIMITED
www.cricbuzz.com
Regd. Office: Express Building, 9-10, Bahadurshah Zafar Marg, New Delhi, - 110002, INDIA
Corp. Office: No. 190-B, 1st Floor, HN Plaza,100 Ft Ring road, 6th Main, BSK 3rd Stage, Bengaluru, 560085, INDIA
Ph: 080-40965631
Email:
grievance@cricbuzz.com
We request you to please provide the following information in your complaint:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner for the purposes of the complaint.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed.
Identification of the material on our website that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity.
The address, telephone number or e-mail address of the complaining party.
A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law.
A statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notice of copyright infringement is accurate, and that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the right that is allegedly infringed.
MISCELLANEOUS
If any provision of these User Agreement is found to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, then to the extent to which such provision is illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted and the remaining provisions
                shall survive and remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
You confirm that Your representations, warranties, undertakings and covenants, and the clauses relating to indemnities, limitation of liability, grant of license, governing law, confidentiality shall survive the efflux of time and the termination
                of these User Agreement.
Any express waiver or failure to exercise promptly any right under these User Agreements will not create a continuing waiver or any expectation of non–enforcement.
You agree that the Company shall be under no liability whatsoever to You in the event of non-availability of the Website or any portion thereof occasioned by Act of God, war, disease, revolution, riot, civil commotion, strike, lockout, flood,
                fire, satellite failure, network failures, server failures, failure of any public utility, terrorist attack, network maintenance, Website maintenance, server maintenance, or any other cause whatsoever beyond the control of the Company.
In terms of Information Technology Act, 2000, this document is an electronic record. Being generated by a computer system it does not require any physical or digital signatures.
Move to Top
APPS
Android
iOS
FOLLOW US ON
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Pinterest
COMPANY
Careers
Advertise
Cricbuzz TV Ads
About Us
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
©
2026
Cricbuzz.com, Cricbuzz Platforms Limited. All rights reserved |
The Times of India
|
Navbharat Times