Legal | Cricut.com
Legal
Cricut Legal
Terms of Use
Effective Date: September 16, 2025 (v3.0.0)
Welcome, and thank you for your interest in Cricut, Inc. (“
Cricut
”, “
we
”, “
our
”, or “
us
”). These Terms of Use together with all documents, policies, and terms they incorporate by reference (collectively, “
Terms of Use
”) are a legally binding contract entered into between you and Cricut regarding your visit, viewing, accessing, or other use of the Platform (defined below, which includes without limitation the Website, Devices, Consumables, Software, Digital Content, and Subscription, each defined below), Professional Services (defined below), and other related services and activities sponsored by Cricut such as Cricut forums/message boards, messaging systems, social media sites, or programs (collectively, “
Services
”). For purposes of these Terms of Use, “
you
” refers to all persons accessing and/or using any part of the Platform and/or Services including you, and if you are entering into these Terms of Use on behalf of an organization, you individually and also on behalf of such organization.
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS CAREFULLY:
YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD, AND AS A CONDITION TO YOUR USE OF ANY PART OF THE PLATFORM AND/OR SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE. IF YOU ARE NOT ELIGIBLE, OR DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE, THEN YOU DO NOT HAVE OUR PERMISSION TO USE THE PLATFORM AND/OR SERVICES. YOUR VISITING, VIEWING, ACCESSING, OR USING OF ANY PART OF THE PLATFORM AND/OR SERVICES CONSTITUTES AN AGREEMENT BY YOU AND BY CRICUT TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE.
1. INTRODUCTION
You acknowledge and agree that by (i) visiting, viewing, accessing, or using the Platform or any Services, (ii) clicking “Agree”, “Purchase”, “Submit”, or similar links, or (iii) signing or confirming a Cricut Sales Order, other Cricut ordering document, or other agreement incorporating these Terms of Use (any of the foregoing, herein “
Accept
”), that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use, irrespective of whether you are a guest or a registered User (defined below) of the Platform or Services, and you represent and warrant that you are of the age of majority in your jurisdiction and are fully able and competent to form a binding contract with Cricut by entering into these Terms of Use. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE, THEN YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE PLATFORM OR SERVICES. CRICUT’S ALLOWANCE OF YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE PLATFORM AND SERVICES IS EXPRESSLY CONDITIONED UPON YOUR ASSENT TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THESE TERMS OF USE, TO THE EXCLUSION OF ALL OTHER TERMS.
2. PLATFORM ACCESS AND ACCOUNT REGISTRATION
To access the Platform and use the Services, you may be asked to provide certain Account Information (defined below) and other details. This Account Information helps us to create and maintain a Cricut account and corresponding “Profile” for you (collectively, “
Account
”), which is necessary for providing you and other users (each, a “
User
”) the content, customer service, and network management that comes with the Platform and Services. You agree that all Account Information you provide is correct, current, and complete and that you will promptly notify us of any changes to your Account Information. You agree that all Account Information you provide is governed by the Privacy Policy (defined below) and you consent to all actions we take with respect to your information consistent with the Privacy Policy.
With regard to usernames, passwords, and any other piece of information you provide to us, or we provide to you, as part of the Account registration and security procedures (collectively, “
Account Information
”), you agree to treat such Account Information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person. You are responsible for choosing a strong, secure password for your Account, using a unique combination of letters, numbers, and special characters. We strongly recommend that you do not reuse passwords from other websites or services. Using a unique password helps prevent unauthorized access to your Cricut Account in the event of a data breach on other websites/services that you use. Cricut is not responsible for any access to your Account resulting from compromised credentials reused from other websites/services. You further acknowledge that your Account Information is personal to you, and you agree not to provide any other person with access to the Platform or Services using your Account Information. You agree to notify us immediately via
support@cricut.com
of any unauthorized access to, or use of, your Account Information, or any other breach of security that you become aware of. You should use particular caution when accessing your Account from a public or shared computer or device so that others are not able to view or record your Account Information or other personal information. To protect your Account Information, you agree that you will exit from your Account at the end of each session or use of the Platform or Services.
You may not transfer your Account or Account Information to any other person, and you may not use anyone else’s Account or Account Information at any time. You agree you are fully responsible for all access to and use of the Platform and Services with your Account Information. Under no circumstance will Cricut be liable for any acts or omissions that give rise to your Account or Account Information being compromised for reasons outside of our control.
We have the right to disable any Account, username, password, or other Account Information, whether chosen by you or provided by us, or place certain technical safeguards in the Platform or on your Account, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including (a) to curb fraud, abuse, or password-sharing, (b) if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms of Use, or (c) we deem a need exists to safeguard the Platform or Services from fraud, abuse, or security or other vulnerabilities.
3. PRIVACY POLICY
Our collection, use, and handling of information about you—whether obtained directly from you or as a result of your access to and use of the Platform or Services—is subject to our Privacy Policy, which is hereby incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use and can be found at
https://cricut.com/privacy
(“
Privacy Policy
”). As further set forth in the Privacy Policy, the Platform and Services may collect data about you, your Device, and your interactions with the Services, including but not limited to device type, unique device identifiers, and information linking your Device to your Account, Subscription, and Subscription Benefits (defined below). Additionally, the Platform and Services may provide us with information about your Digital Content usage, such as the content you purchase, subscribe to, upload, or otherwise access, which we may use to: (I) make personalized recommendations for Digital Content or Subscription Benefits; (II) personalize and optimize the features and functionality of the Platform; and (III) track and measure applicable Usage Periods.
4. THE PLATFORM
For purposes of these Terms of Use, the “
Platform
” shall be defined collectively as the Website, Devices, Consumables, Software, Digital Content, and Subscription. Your request, interaction, receipt, activation, purchase, or any other access or use of the Platform shall be governed by these Terms of Use.
(a) General Restrictions – Platform.
You may not access, use, transfer, copy, or display the Platform, except as expressly permitted in these Terms of Use. You must use the Platform only for your personal, non-commercial use;, subject to the limited commercial purposes expressly permitted in the Angel Policy (defined below). In addition, you may not: (I) copy, sell, rent, lease, distribute, broadcast, sublicense, or otherwise assign any right to the Platform to any third party; (II) remove any proprietary notices or labels from the Platform, or reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or attempt to extract the source code of any portion of the Platform; (III) attempt to disable, bypass, modify, defeat, or otherwise circumvent any digital rights management system embedded in or used by the Platform; (IV) use the Platform in violation of the User Content terms or the Content Standards (defined below); (V) use the Platform for any illegal or unauthorized purpose; (VI) download or copy account information for the benefit of a third party, or engage in data mining, scraping, or the use of bots or similar data gathering and extraction tools; (VII) use any device, software, or routine to interfere with or attempt to interfere with the proper functioning of the Platform or any other person’s access to or use of the Platform; (VIII) submit, upload, or transfer any unauthorized files, code, or scripts to the Platform, or use any automated device, program, algorithm, or process to access, copy, monitor, or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Platform. While the Platform may be available in various territories and languages, we make no guarantee of availability in all territories or in every language. The Angel Policy is incorporated into these Terms of Use and governs the limited commercial use of craftwork projects created using the Platform.
(b) Website.
The “
Website
” includes Cricut.com, our Cricut e-commerce shopping/checkout pages (“
Cricut SHOP
”), all other Cricut-owned websites, and all related subdomains and localized website versions thereof, excluding third-party retail/distribution partner sites. We make no guarantee that the Website or Cricut SHOP will be available in every territory, region, or language. For additional details, please visit
https://cricut.com/country-selector
. Cricut grants you a revocable, limited, non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-sublicensable right to use each Website for its intended purposes and in accordance with these Terms of Use and all Applicable Law. We do not guarantee that any Website will be available at any particular time or at all. Your rights do not include any resale or other commercial exploitation of any aspect of any Website or its contents, including product listings, descriptions or prices, or any derivative use of a Website.
(c) Devices.
Cricut offers a wide variety of electronic and corded products, including Cricut cutting machines, heat press devices, LED light pads, glue guns, lighting, and more (collectively, “
Devices
”). Many of the Devices offered by Cricut are Internet of Things (IoT) devices designed and/or required to access, interface with, or be used with the internet and the Software (such Devices, “
Connected Devices
”). In order to register or use a Connected Device, you must have a compatible personal computer or mobile device, with the applicable Software installed, and a high-speed internet connection. The specific requirements for Connected Devices and applicability of certain Digital Content and Subscription Benefits (defined below) for certain Connected Devices may change from time to time and, in some cases, whether a Device is (or remains) a Connected Device may depend on software or systems provided or maintained by other machine or components manufacturers or other third parties outside of our control. Please visit
https://cricut.com/systemrequirements
for additional information. Purchases of Device(s) made from the Website are governed by these Terms of Use, whereas Device(s) purchased from other websites, locations, or stores may be subject to third-party terms and conditions made available BY the applicable seller. Your use of any such Device purchased elsewhere, however, remains subject to these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use are not intended to cover the technical specifications, regulatory certifications, safety instructions, Device warranty, or other matters relative to Device(s) not expressly set forth herein. Such matters are governed by separate terms and conditions often made available at the time of purchase, included with product packaging (physically or digitally), or otherwise provided by Cricut or our authorized resellers. For additional information or assistance with your Device(s), please visit our Help Center at
https://help.cricut.com/
, learn more about applicable Device warranties at
https://cricut.com/warranty
, or consult your Device’s Product Documentation or visit
https://cricut.com/systemrequirements
for additional information.
(d) Consumables.
Devices are also optimized to work with a wide variety of materials, tools, and accessories that we offer such as paper, cardstock, vinyl, iron-on (heat transfer vinyl), and more (collectively, Cricut “
Consumables
”). Not all Devices work with all Consumables. Certain specialty Consumables only work with specific Devices (e.g., Smart Materials™, faux leather, wood veneer, metal, or certain sized machine mats, may interface only with certain larger Devices). Device compatibility with Consumables may change from time to time and, in some cases, whether certain Consumables work or are compatible (or remain so) with a given Device may depend on Software or Platform changes. For up-to-date information on Consumables compatibility, please consult
https://help.cricut.com/
.
(e) Software.
Our “
Software
” includes any hosted applications, mobile applications, software programs, software features, Interactive Features (defined below), AI-powered Features (defined below), Beta Features (defined below), firmware, interfaces, or other applications or data provided by Cricut, including (I) Cricut Design Space®, Cricut Heat, and other legacy Cricut software (e.g., Cricut Craft Room®, Cricut Design Studio®, and the like;); (II) any of the aforementioned applications or data loaded on Cricut Device(s) as originally shipped by Cricut; (III) any of the aforementioned applications or data transmitted, distributed, or otherwise made available by or on behalf of Cricut from time to time for use on or in connection with the Platform or a given Device in whatever form, medium, or manner provided or subsequently installed or used, including any and all Upgrades (defined below) Cricut provides; and (IV) any of the aforementioned applications or data being accessed or used, whether for free or through a paid Subscription. The term “Software” shall not include any Third-Party Component(s) (defined below) or Open Source Components, whether or not the Third-Party Component or Open Source Components accompanies, is provided with, or operates in conjunction with, the Software and/or any other portion of a Device. “
Third-Party Components
” means applications, software, interfaces, and firmware, licensed by Cricut from a third party for incorporation into the Software, Device, or Platform. “
Open Source Components
” means those parts of the Platform, Software, or Services that include or link to components that are subject to open source licenses. To the extent such Open Source Components are governed by open source licenses, your use of those components is governed by the applicable open source license terms, and not by these Terms of Use. We disclaim all representations, warranties, and liabilities related to such Open Source Components.
(i) Grant of Software License.
Cricut grants you a limited, non-exclusive license (the “
Software License
”) to download, install, and use the Software that is provided to you (and excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any source code) for your personal computer, hard disks, or other computer storage devices (“
Your Desktop Computer
”), or in the case of certain Software applications, on your smartphone, tablet, or other mobile device (“
Your Mobile Device
”), provided that the Software is used (I) only in a single location (e.g., a home or office or your place of business), or in the case of Your Mobile Device, (II) only on such mobile device owned or otherwise controlled by you, and (III) only in connection with a Cricut Device owned by you. THE SOFTWARE AND ALL DIGITAL CONTENT made available through the PLATFORM (EVEN WHEN CONTAINING A SUBSCRIPTION OR OTHER PURCHASED ELEMENTS) is licensed, not sold, to you. Your license to THE SOFTWARE AND ANY DIGITAL CONTENT is subject to your prior acceptance of these Terms of Use. If Cricut makes available any backup copies of the Software, such backup shall only be used to support your access or use of an applicable Device.
(ii) Software Availability.
The Software and its features may change from time to time, including capabilities to: (I) automatically check for changes, enhancements, and upgrades to the Software (collectively, “
Upgrades
”); (II) prevent or disable backwards compatibility or downgrades (“
Downgrades
”) after an Upgrade is installed; (III) restrict the use or operation of a Device with other Devices, Consumables, Digital Content, or Subscription Benefits; (IV) register to your Device any Digital Content for your use with a given Device, Account, or Subscription; (V) lock, make unavailable, or place limits on Digital Content for use with other Devices or Accounts; and (VI) function on any given Device, operating system, version of the Software, or Your Desktop Computer/Your Mobile Device. You hereby understand and agree that Cricut may make Upgrades available to you or require Upgrades. If Cricut, either directly or indirectly makes any Upgrades to the Software, such Upgrades shall be subject to these Terms of Use unless such Upgrades are expressly provided to you under other or additional terms and conditions, in which case, such other or additional terms and conditions (which may include the payment of additional fees) (“
Upgrade Terms
”) shall govern in addition to these Terms of Use. In the event of any inconsistency between Upgrade Terms and these Terms of Use, or between Upgrade Terms and the Cricut Access Terms (defined below), the Upgrade Terms shall control.
(iii) Software Ownership.
All right, title, and interest in and to the Software, including but not limited to all software, content, logos, graphics, trademarks, service marks, brand elements, and other materials provided by Software are and will remain the exclusive property of Cricut and its licensors.
(f) Digital Content.
(i) General.
Subject to these Terms of Use, the Platform contains and provide you with certain digital images, art, fonts, projects, and related digital content—whether owned by Cricut (“
Cricut Digital Content
”) or licensed by Cricut from third-party owners and other licensors (“
Licensed Digital Content
”)—to be accessed and used on a license basis only, and only in connection with the Software and Cricut Device(s) (collectively, “
Digital Content
”). “Digital Content” includes those categories of licenses that you: (I) individually purchase in the Software or through a Website or have purchased by way of one of Cricut’s legacy physical cartridges (“
Purchased Digital Content
”, of which these licenses are most often purchased a la carte), (II) access and use through the Subscription (defined below) on a subscription basis (“
Subscription Digital Content
”) as outlined herein and in the Cricut Access Terms, (III) access and use on a free or promotional basis over an indefinite or specifically-limited period of time (“
Free Digital Content
”). Digital Content may be available on the Platform as Cricut Digital Content, Purchased Digital Content, Subscription Digital Content, Free Digital Content, or any combination of the same. As such, “Digital Content” as used herein shall include all Cricut Digital Content, Licensed Digital Content, Purchased Digital Content, Subscription Digital Content, and Free Digital Content. We reserve the right to, from time to time, add or remove Digital Content from the Platform and may change the category and/or basis on which Digital Content is available to you or your Device(s) with or without notice. You assume all risk of loss for Digital Content upon access or use.
(ii) License to Digital Content.
Subject to your payment of all applicable fees (including applicable Taxes (defined below)), these Terms of Use, and your compliance with all other terms we specify for Digital Content or your Subscription, Cricut grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, limited right and license, during the applicable Usage Period (defined below), to access and use Digital Content in accordance with these Terms of Use and the Usage Rules (defined below). DIGITAL CONTENT made available through the PLATFORM (EVEN WHEN PURCHASED) is licensed, not sold, to you. Your license to each piece of Digital Content is subject to your prior acceptance of these Terms of Use.
(iii) Licensed Digital Content - Limited to Certain Territories / Countries.
Due to restrictions placed on us by certain licensors, content providers, or for other reasons, certain Licensed Digital Content may only be available to Users located in certain geographic territories and countries. We make no representations or guarantee that any specific Licensed Digital Content is available in all territories and countries or will remain available to you indefinitely.
(iv) Usage Rules.
Your use of Digital Content is subject to the following usage rules (the “
Usage Rules
”): (I) you may use, access, or sync Digital Content only with the Software and only via your Account; (II) you may access and use the Digital Content subject to the Digital Content Availability terms below and only for the time period specified by Cricut in the case of certain Digital Content such as Free Digital Content (the “
Usage Period
”); (III) you may access and use the Digital Content solely on the number of your Devices registered to your Account, and solely for your personal, non-commercial use except as expressly permitted in the Angel Policy); (IV) Cricut may place limitations on the number and type of compatible Device(s) on which certain Digital Content may be downloaded, synced, accessed, or used; and (V) Cricut may place limitations on the amount of storage space available for each Account, and whether such storage is free, part of the Subscription or a certain Subscription Plan (as defined in the Cricut Access Terms), or requires additional fees, which may change from time to time. The Usage Rules also apply to all of Your Uploaded Content (defined below).
(v) Digital Content Availability.
The Platform is a dynamic service and Digital Content compatibility and availability, as well as what type any specific Digital Content, will change from time to time. While we endeavor to expand the Platform and Digital Content offerings, there may be times that necessitate the amending, changing, sunsetting, or removal of certain Digital Content or its compatibility. Cricut reserves the right, at all times and in its sole and absolute discretion, to amend, remove, or otherwise change Digital Content, its availability, type, and/or its compatibility at any time with or without notice. We make no guarantee as to the availability of specific Digital Content or the amount of Digital Content available on the Platform or as a part of the Subscription or any specific Subscription Plan. Some Digital Content, such as interactive or highly formatted Digital Content, may not be available to you on all versions of the Software. To simplify your use and management of Digital Content that has an applicable Usage Period (such as Subscription Digital Content or Free Digital Content), we may automatically remove said Digital Content from your Cricut Account or compatible Device(s) after the end of its Usage Period, and you consent to such automatic removal. Cricut does not guarantee that all Digital Content will remain available through any given Usage Period.
(g) Subscription.
Cricut offers certain perks, features, benefits, and discounts through a branded paid subscription experience (“
Subscription
”) known as Cricut Access™ (“
Cricut Access
”). When you have an active Cricut Access Subscription, you can (I) access and use Subscription Digital Content without the need to purchase the Purchased Digital Content a la carte (please note, however, even with an active Subscription certain Digital Content will nevertheless remain Purchased Digital Content and may still require payment of additional fees to access and use), as well as (II) unlock certain Platform features and Website offerings made exclusively to Cricut Access Users (collectively, the “
Subscription Benefits
”). Any Free Trial (defined in the Cricut Access Terms), or Subscription will be governed by these Terms of Use and the Cricut Access Terms set forth at
https://cricut.com/legal#cricut-access-terms
(“
Cricut Access Terms
”), incorporated herein by reference. Additional details and definitions related to Cricut Access, the Subscription, Subscription Plans, Subscription Benefits, and the associated Payment Method (defined below), Subscription Fees (defined in the Cricut Access Terms), automatic renewal thereof and cancellation and/or termination of the Subscription/Subscription Plan can be found in the Cricut Access Terms. Cancel your Subscription/Subscription Plan at any time by visiting the Subscriptions section of the Website’s “My Account” page or by clicking here.
5. TERMS OF SALE; PAYMENT; PRICING
(a) Terms of Sale.
(i) Transactions.
If you wish to purchase any product or service made available on the Platform or through the Services including without limitation Devices, Consumables, Digital Content, Professional Services, and/or a Subscription Plan (each such purchase, a “
Transaction
”), you may be asked to supply your Account Information and certain information relevant to your Transaction including, without limitation, information about your Payment Method, your billing address, and your shipping information. By submitting such information, you grant Cricut the right to such information for itself and to provide such information to third parties for purposes of facilitating Transactions and any ongoing Services initiated by you or on your behalf. Verification of such information may be required prior to the acknowledgment or completion of any Transaction.
(ii) Product and Service Descriptions.
All descriptions, images, references, features, content, specifications, and prices of products and services described or depicted on the Platform or through the Services are subject to change at any time without notice. Certain weights, measures, and other descriptions are approximate and are provided for convenience purposes only. The inclusion of any products or services on the Platform or through the Services does not imply or warrant that these products or services will be available or operate error-free.
(iii) Legal Compliance.
It is your responsibility to ascertain and obey all Applicable Law (including minimum age requirements) in regard to the receipt, possession, use, and sale of anything purchased from the Platform or through the Services. By placing an order, you represent that the products and services ordered will be used only in a lawful manner. You agree to comply fully with all applicable U.S. and international export and re-export control laws and regulations, including the Export Administration Regulations (“
EAR
”) maintained by the U.S. Department of Commerce and trade and economic sanctions maintained by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“
OFAC
”) (collectively, “
Export Laws
”). No portion of the Platform may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported (i) into any country or region subject to an applicable embargo or other trade restriction by any government regulatory agency having jurisdiction; or (ii) by or to any person or entity on the United States Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals (SDN) or the United States Commerce Department’s Consolidated Screening List (CSL) or Table of Denial Order. By downloading, accessing, or using the Platform or Services, you agree to the foregoing, and you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such territory, country, or region, or on any such list.
(iv) Right to Modify.
Cricut reserves the right, with or without prior notice, to do any one or more of the following: (I) limit the available quantity of or discontinue any product or service; (II) impose conditions on the honoring of any coupon, coupon code, promotional code, Free Trial, or other similar promotion; (III) bar any User from making or completing any or all Transaction(s); and (IV) refuse to any User the ability to purchase any product or service.
(v) Charges / Risk of Loss.
You agree to pay all charges that may be incurred by you or on your behalf through the Platform, at the price(s) in effect when such charges are incurred. You agree to pay any applicable shipping and handling charges in conjunction with your Transaction. We reserve the right to increase, decrease, add, or eliminate shipping and handling charges from time to time, but we will make commercially reasonable efforts to provide notice of the changes applicable to you before your Transaction is completed. Unless we state otherwise in writing via the Platform, all risk of loss or damage to any product or service passes to you upon delivery of said product or service to our designated carrier.
(vi) Taxes.
You are responsible for any applicable sales, use, duty, customs, or other governmental taxes, levies, and fees (“
Taxes
”) due with respect to any Transaction. We will collect applicable Taxes if we reasonably determine we have a duty to collect Taxes. We will present an estimate of Taxes we collect at the applicable checkout, however, Taxes may be updated later when your Transaction is finalized and completed. As such, the actual Taxes charged may be adjusted from the amount shown at such checkout, and we will provide you a receipt showing the actual amount of Taxes charged on your purchase. Several factors may cause this, such as variances between processor programs and changes in tax rates. We are not required to, and do not, collect Taxes in all states, territories, countries, and regions. You may have a duty to directly report and pay Taxes if we do not collect such Taxes.
(b) Payment.
Except as otherwise specified, all payments to Cricut in connection with the Platform or Services (individually a “
Payment
”, collectively “
Payments
”), including all Website, Purchased Digital Content, and Subscription Fees payments, taxes, and shipping and handling costs, are subject to the following terms and conditions:
(i) Payment Method.
Payments must be made using a valid credit card, debit card, currently accepted forms of electronic payment (e.g., PayPal, Apple Pay, etc.), authorized payment methods and/or subscription management services available on Your Mobile Device (e.g., the Apple App Store or Google Play), currently authorized third-party financing offers (e.g., Buy-Now-Pay-Later providers like Affirm or Klarna), or other means of payment that we may approve from time to time (each, a “
Payment Method
”). All Payments must be made from a Payment Method on which you are the named account holder. Our accepted Payment Methods are subject to change at any time without notice and we reserve the right to modify, discontinue, replace, or add any accepted Payment Method.
(ii) Third Party Payment Processors.
Cricut utilizes one or more third-party payment processors (“
ESPs
”) to handle Payments. By purchasing or subscribing to any products, services, Subscription Plan, etc., we offer, you authorize us to share any and all necessary payment information with these ESPs to facilitate the Transaction and any applicable recurring or automatic renewal fees. You acknowledge and understand that we are not responsible, and you agree to indemnify and hold us harmless, for the actions or omissions of any such ESPs in connection with any of your Payments.
(iii) Pre-Authorization and Payment Method Updates.
Cricut may seek pre-authorization of your Payment Method(s) prior to your purchase to verify that the Payment Method is valid and has the necessary funds or credit available to cover your purchase. By providing a Payment Method, you authorize Cricut and applicable ESPs to (I) store the Payment Method in your Account and other required places to facilitate purchases and Transactions, and (II) charge a nominal amount for purposes of authorizing and/or verifying your Payment Method. This nominal charge may be refunded in the case that it is related to a Free Trial of a Cricut Subscription or other promotional Cricut service. You understand and acknowledge that Cricut may receive secure notifications from card issuers and banks when there are changes to the stored Payment Method(s) linked to your Account, such as updated card number, expiration date, or CVV. In such cases, Cricut may automatically update Payment Method details without notice or consent to ensure uninterrupted service. To review the changes made or choose your default Payment Method, please refer to the Payment Settings in your Cricut Account.
(iv) Payment Method Authorization.
You authorize Cricut and applicable ESPs to charge all sums for all amounts due to Cricut related to a Transaction or to open your Account, enter a contest, or purchase other goods or services, including all applicable Taxes, to the Payment Method you designate (or, if applicable, Backup Payment Method (defined below)). You acknowledge and agree that you remain responsible for ensuring that at least one valid Payment Method is available and in your Account at all times. If we are unable to process a Payment, your access to the Platform or Services may be fully or partially suspended or terminated until the outstanding amount is successfully collected.
(v) Backup Payment Method Authorization.
By adding a Payment Method to your Account, you expressly authorize us and applicable ESPs, without further notice or consent, to charge such Payment Method and any other Payment Method stored in your Account in the event that your designated primary or “default” Payment Method declines, fails, has insufficient funds, or is otherwise unavailable for any reason (each, a “
Backup Payment Method
”). This authorization applies to all amounts due, including but not limited to one-time purchases, service fees, and Subscription Fees (whether first-time, recurring, or automatic renewal Subscription Fees).
(vi) Responsibility for Payments in the Event of Termination, or Suspension of Your Account.
If you terminate your Account or your Account is suspended or disabled by us, you will remain responsible for paying all amounts incurred prior to termination, suspension, or the disabling of your account.
(vii) Limitation of Liability.
We shall not be responsible for any overdraft charges, currency conversion or foreign transaction fees, bank fees and charges, or other costs, fees, or liabilities incurred by you from your financial institution in connection with a Transaction or as a result of any pre-authorization, charge to, or use of any Payment Method.
(c) Pricing.
(i) Pricing Terms / No Refunds.
All prices listed on the Platform are in U.S. Dollars (USD) unless otherwise stated. The prices of all products and services are subject to change at any time without notice. Prices may vary based on where a Transaction occurs (e.g., pricing differences due to currency, territory, country, or region) or depending on what Payment Method you use (e.g., pricing differences because the Transaction occurred or Subscription is managed through a third-party). Purchases of Services shall be at the applicable price displayed at the moment of your purchase—we do not offer price matching, rain checks, or retroactive refunds for price differences, including those from prior or future discounts and promotions, or from other sites, affiliated partners, or promotional campaigns. except as (I) required by applicable law, (ii) expressly provided by cricut in an applicable device warranty or any applicable Satisfaction Guarantee we may provide, or (iii) EXPRESSLY set forth in THESE TERMS OF USE OR the APPLICABLE cricut shop policies (defined below), ALL PAYMENTS TO CRICUT ARE NON-REFUNDABLE, including without limitation, payments or fees for website/cricut shop purchases, digital content, subscriptions, or other services, regardless of usage or satisfaction. We do not offer refunds or credits for partial periods of service, unused features, or promotional offers. By completing your transaction or purchase, you acknowledge and agree that all sales are final, subject only to the exceptions stated herein. Cricut may, in our sole discretion, choose to issue a refund, credit, or other forms of compensation (e.g., in connection with a warranty claim or as part of our customer support / Member Care services). Any such decision does not constitute a waiver of the pricing terms contained in these Terms of Use and does not entitle you or any other User to similar treatment in the future.
(ii) Cricut SHOP Policies (Sales, Shipping, and Returns).
Whenever you purchase products or services from a Cricut SHOP, these Terms of Use will apply, together with the applicable Cricut SHOP Policy(ies), available at
https://cricut.com/legal
or in the Website footer as “Shipping & Returns” (individually, and collectively the “
Cricut SHOP Policies
”), as well as the applicable Device warranties and/or satisfaction guarantees we may offer, available at
https://cricut.com/warranty
, and your Device’s Product Documentation. Each Cricut SHOP may have different Cricut SHOP Policies, so please ensure you select your applicable language and region in the country selector, available in top navigation of the Website and Cricut SHOP to locate the applicable Cricut SHOP Policies; or for additional details, please visit
https://cricut.com/country-selector
. Cricut SHOPs are accessible on the Internet worldwide, but we only ship from a given Cricut SHOP to those specific territories, countries, and regions available in the applicable Cricut SHOP checkout process. WARNING: Not all Cricut Devices, Consumables, products, and services are compatible with the requirements in every territory, country, or region; for example, including certain Device plug or country certifications, or in the case of Software the language capabilities. Only purchase Cricut Device, Consumables, products, and services for those territories, countries, and regions enabled by a given Cricut SHOP and no other location. If you are thinking of using a certain Cricut Device, Consumable, product, or service purchased from a given Cricut SHOP outside of its intended territory/country/region, please understand that doing so is strongly discouraged and any such use is done at your own risk. Be aware also, that all Cricut Device warranties only apply to the country of the Device’s intended sale. Visit
https://help.cricut.com/
or contact us at
https://cricut.com/contact
for support. Only Cricut Devices and Consumables purchased from a Cricut SHOP are eligible for return and refund under these Terms of Use, however, provided they are eligible for such and strictly subject to the applicable Cricut SHOP Policies. To determine your eligibility for, or request a refund or return of, Cricut Devices or Consumables, whether purchased through a Cricut SHOP or one of our authorized resellers, please contact Cricut as follows:
https://cricut.com/contact
.
(d) Promotions; Digital Credit.
(i) Coupons & Promotions.
Cricut may offer sweepstakes, contests, coupons, or other promotions (“
Promotion
”), which may be governed by a separate set of rules and/or terms and conditions that describe the Promotion and may have specific eligibility requirements, such as certain age or geographic restrictions. It is your responsibility to read and agree to those rules and/or terms and conditions to determine whether or not your participation, registration, or entry will be valid or restricted, and to determine any other requirements of you (legal or otherwise) in connection with the applicable Promotion. Unless we explicitly stated otherwise in writing, pricing for each Promotion is only valid during the time of the offer and under no circumstances may be applied retroactively or extended beyond the specified time window.
(ii) Digital Credit.
Cricut may make available to you digital codes or credit (“
Digital Credit
”) that can be redeemed for certain purchase types, Digital Content, or other products and services made available by Cricut through the Platform or Services. Digital Credit may be provided to you as a component of a product or services offering, your interaction with our customer support/Member Care team, or as a part of a Promotion. Digital Credit must be redeemed by any applicable expiration date and only for the specific eligible purchase type(s) indicated. You must have an Account in good standing to redeem your Digital Credit. Digital Credits are not property and are not transferable, exchangeable, or redeemable for cash. Digital Credits have no cash value and are void where prohibited by law. Additional Taxes may apply to Digital Credits in certain jurisdictions and it is your responsibility to report and pay said Taxes if we do not collect such Taxes on your behalf.
(ii) Gift Cards.
From time to time, Cricut may offer electronic gift cards (“
Gift Cards
”) for purchase or redemption on, through, or in connection with the Platform or Services. Purchase or use of a Gift Card constitutes acceptance of these Terms of Use and any additional terms, conditions, or disclosures presented at the time of purchase or redemption (the “
Gift Card Terms
”), which are incorporated herein by reference. Gift Cards may be redeemed only for eligible products and services on participating Websites in the territories, regions, and countries where we operate a Cricut SHOP. We may use one or more third-party service provider(s) to facilitate the issuance, purchase, delivery, and/or redemption of Gift Cards. While Gift Cards are intended for use on participating Websites, the underlying transaction and user experience may be hosted, processed, or otherwise facilitated by such third-party provider(s), and their separate terms and conditions may apply in addition to ours. Gift Cards are not reloadable, refundable, or redeemable for cash, except to the extent required by Applicable Law, and may not be replaced if lost, stolen, or used without authorization. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, Cricut and Cricut Indemnitees disclaim all liability for any Gift Card balance that is lost or depleted due to unauthorized use, theft, or fraud. In the event of any conflict between these Terms of Use and the Gift Card Terms, the Gift Card Terms shall govern with respect to all matters relating to Gift Cards.
6. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
(a) Ownership.
All Intellectual Property Rights (defined below) in and to the Platform and Services are and shall remain the exclusive property of Cricut (or its licensors, as applicable). Except for the limited rights expressly granted to you under these Terms of Use, all other Intellectual Property Rights in and to the Platform and Services are and will remain owned by Cricut (or their respective owner(s), as applicable). Nothing in these Terms of Use shall be construed to grant you, other Users, or any other third party any ownership or proprietary interest in the Platform or Services, Proprietary Materials (defined below), Cricut copyrights and trademarks, domain names, or other brand features, or any underlying related technology or content, whether by license, estoppel, implication, or otherwise.
For purposes of these Terms of Use, “
Intellectual Property Rights
” means all rights in and to U.S. and foreign (i) patents, patent disclosures and inventions (whether patentable or not), (ii) trademarks, service marks, trade dress, trade names, logos, corporate names and domain names, and other similar designations of source or origin, together with the goodwill symbolized by any of the foregoing, (iii) copyrights and copyrightable works (including computer programs), and rights in data and databases, (iv) trade secrets, know-how and other confidential information, and (v) all other intellectual property rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered and including all registrations and applications for, and renewals or extensions of, such rights, and all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection in any part of the world, including without limitation all software, code, source code, interfaces, data, designs, text, images, photos, graphics, logos, audiovisual combinations, sounds, music, and videos.
(b) Proprietary Materials.
(i) Use of Cricut’s Proprietary Materials.
The Platform and Services contain trademarks, proprietary and confidential information, copyrighted materials, and other Intellectual Property Rights of Cricut and Cricut’s licensors (collectively, “
Proprietary Materials
”). You agree not to modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative works of, or in any way exploit, in whole or in part, any Proprietary Materials other than as expressly granted by way of license in these Terms of Use (i.e., the intended use of the Software) and at all times subject to the Angel Policy. Proprietary Materials may only be accessed through the Platform and Services, and not by or from any other site, location, or means. The applicable license granted to you by these Terms of Use does not grant to you any right to download or store any Proprietary Materials in any medium, other than (i) files that are automatically cached for display purposes, (ii) a single copy of the Software application for Your Desktop Computer and Your Mobile Device respectively, and (iii) the Digital Content and/or User Content that the Software allows you by its intended features and functionality to download “offline” for use in the Software only, provided that all such licenses are solely for your own, personal use, except as otherwise permitted by the Angel Policy, provided you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use and any other applicable end user license agreement for such Software (collectively, “
Authorized Downloadable Materials
”). Authorized Downloadable Materials are held by you pursuant to a limited revocable right only, and are subject to all restrictions described herein, including the prohibition on further transfer, sale, creation of derivative works, or exploitation in any manner.
(ii) Reservation of Rights.
Cricut reserves all Intellectual Property Rights to the Proprietary Materials, other than as specifically granted you under these Terms of Use or in the Angel Policy. No posting, copying, transmission, retransmission, distribution, redistribution, publication, republication, decompilation, disassembling, reverse engineering, or otherwise reproducing, storing, transmitting, modifying, or commercially exploiting any Proprietary Materials in any form or by any means, for any purpose, is permitted without our express written permission.
(iii) Cricut Copyright and Marks.
The entire Platform and Services-related content are © 2025 Cricut, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Complying with all applicable copyright laws is your responsibility. CRICUT®, DESIGN SPACE®, all Device names, other product and service names, design marks, slogans, and all other marks and designs on the Platform or Services-related content are service marks and/or trademarks of Cricut.
(iv) Third-Party Marks.
All other third-party trademarks, service marks, and/or logos on the Platform or through the Services are the property of their respective owners. No trademark or service mark license is granted in connection with the access to or use of the Platform or Services, nor does it authorize anyone to use any of these names, logos, or marks in any manner. References on the Platform or made available through the Services to any names, marks, products, or services of third parties, or hyperlinks to third-party sites or information, are provided solely as a convenience to you and do not in any way constitute or imply Cricut’s endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation of such third party, or such information, products, or services.
(v) Equitable Relief.
You acknowledge that a breach of any proprietary rights described in these Terms of Use may cause us irreparable damage, for which the award of damages would not be adequate compensation. Consequently, you agree that we may institute an action to enjoin you from any and all acts in violation of those provisions, which remedy will be cumulative and not exclusive, and we may obtain an injunction enjoining any breach or threatened breach of those provisions, in addition to any other relief to which we may be entitled at law or in equity.
(vi) Violation of Copyright or Intellectual Property Laws.
We respect the intellectual property of others, and we ask our Users to do the same. We may, in appropriate circumstances and at our sole discretion, remove or disable access to Platform or Services that we believe (or are notified) may infringe on the rights of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement or otherwise infringes on your Intellectual Property Rights, please report it to us promptly by way of the procedures that we maintain in the Claims of Infringement Policy (defined below).
(c) Notification of Intellectual Property Rights Infringement.
If you own certain Intellectual Property Rights and have reason to believe that the Platform, Services, Digital Content, or User Content infringes upon your proprietary rights, please report it to us promptly by way of the procedures we maintain in the Claims of Intellectual Property Rights Infringement Policy set forth at
https://cricut.com/legal#claims-of-infringement
(“
Claims of Infringement Policy
”). The Claims of Infringement Policy outlines (I) how best to report alleged infringement inside the Software, (II) an online Notice of Infringement Form to report alleged infringement, (III) specific rights you may have pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) by providing our Copyright Agent with certain required information in writing (see 17 U.S.C §512(c)(3) for further detail), and (IV) contact details to provide any other intellectual-property-based feedback, comments, communications, or requests.
(d) Angel Policy.
Subject to these Terms of Use and Cricut’s Angel Policy, available at
https://cricut.com/legal#angel-policy
(the “
Angel Policy
”), Cricut and its licensors provide our Users a limited Permission (defined in the Angel Policy) to sell certain Finished Projects (defined in the Angel Policy) made with the use of the Software, Digital Content, and/or Devices but not others. If you offer or sell any of Your Approved Finished Products (defined in the Angel Policy), or if you attempt to offer or sell any other Finished Projects, you are solely responsible for complying with these Terms of Use, the Angel Policy, and any and all Applicable Law, including Export Laws.
7. INTERNET ACCESS & MOBILE TERMS
(a) Internet Usage Terms.
(i) If you use Your Desktop Computer, Your Mobile Device, or any other internet-connected device (“
Your Internet-Connected Device
”) to access or use the Platform or Services, the following additional terms and conditions (“
Internet Usage Terms
”) also apply:
(ii) You agree that you are solely responsible for all internet, message, and data rates and charges that apply to use of Your Internet-Connected Device to access or use the Platform, SMS Services (defined below), or any Services. All such charges are billed by and payable to your applicable internet service provider (“
ISP
”) or mobile service provider. Please contact your participating ISP or mobile service provider for pricing plans, participation status, and details.
(iii) The Platform may offer “push notifications” to Your Internet-Connected Device, and it remains your responsibility to enable or disable said push notifications through the OEM settings of Your Internet-Connected Device (whether set at the browser, OS, software, client, or smartphone level).
(iv) You understand that internet and wireless services may not be available in all areas at all times and may be affected by computer, product, software, coverage, or service changes made by your device manufacturer, ISP, mobile service provider, or otherwise. Additional terms and conditions may apply to your use of the Software based on the type of Your Internet-Connected Device.
(v) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE PLATFORM, SMS SERVICES, OR OTHER SERVICES VIA YOUR INTERNET-CONNECT DEVICE CONFIRMS YOUR AGREEMENT TO THESE TERMS OF USE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THESE INTERNET USAGE TERMS.
(b) SMS Communications.
To provide you with the Platform and Services, we may communicate with you via email, our messaging tools, or through text/short message service (“
SMS Services
”) to the extent permitted by Applicable Law and/or consistent with your permissions. You're responsible for any mobile charges you may incur for using any of the SMS Services, which may include sending and receiving short messaging services (SMS), multimedia messaging services (MMS), or rich communication services (RCS), and all related data charges. You certify, warrant, and represent that the telephone number you have provided to us is your contact number and not someone else’s. You represent that you are permitted to receive text messages at the telephone number you have provided to us. You agree to promptly alert us whenever you stop using a telephone number. We and our agents, representatives, affiliates and anyone calling on our behalf may use such means of communication described in this Section even if you will incur costs to receive such phone messages, text messages, e-mails or other means. We may modify or terminate our SMS Services from time to time, for any reason, and without notice, including the right to terminate SMS messaging with or without notice, without liability to you. We will not use autodialed or prerecorded message calls or texts to contact you for marketing purposes unless we receive your prior express written consent. You do not have to agree to receive autodialed or prerecorded message calls or SMS messages to your mobile phone number in order to use the Platform or Services. You can decline to receive autodialed or prerecorded message calls or texts to your mobile phone number by replying STOP to a message or by contacting us and notifying us of your preference.
8. USER CONTENT AND FEEDBACK
The Platform and Services empower you to design, copy, create, and/or make craftworks for yourself and for others, by allowing you to access, design, personalize, combine, and use Digital Content we may provide, as well as those certain images, art, fonts, projects, or other content that you may import or upload (“
Your Uploaded Content
”). As further specified herein, in the Claims of Infringement Policy, and in the Angel Policy, when accessing, using, uploading, or Posting (defined below) to the Platform, or Services, you agree not to copy all or part of other people’s creations without their express permission.
(a) Interactive Features; Artificial Intelligence; Beta Features.
The Platform and Services from time to time may provide you with the ability to access, design, personalize, combine, import, configure, save, catalog, share, post, submit, publish, transmit, or otherwise distribute on, in, or to the Platform, Services, other Users, or other persons, including your ability to upload Your Uploaded Content or generate with assistance or use of artificial intelligence (collectively, “
Post
”), whether done with or via the Platform, Services, or their related features including AI, or via other online forums, chat, user discussion groups, blogs, online profiles, or other electronic or online mechanisms or forums (collectively, “
Interactive Features
”). The Interactive Features may include an ability to catalog or Post in various ways such as images, fonts, projects, titles, names, descriptions, tags, instructions, Collections, “My Stuff”, “My Projects”, Shared, Bookmarked, Photos, Assembly Video, Project Instructions, Maturity details / content categories, etc. (“
Posted Meta Data
”), or AI-powered Features (defined below), or Beta Features (defined below).
(i) Artificial Intelligence (“AI”).
Any part of the Platform or Services powered by AI (“
AI-powered Features
”) are provided to help you create and Post User Content, but you are solely responsible for anything you input, type in, upload, provide, or generate (“
AI Input
”) using them, as well as any resulting content and materials you generate, such as images or text (“
AI Output
”). You agree that you will not include any sensitive personal data (including data that reveals racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, health data or data concerning your sex life or sexual orientation) in any AI Input. Cricut has not verified the accuracy of the AI-powered Features or any AI Output and neither represents Cricut’s views. AI-powered Features and AI Output may be inaccurate, incomplete, or inappropriate. NEITHER Cricut Nor Cricut Indemnitees make any representations or warranties regarding the availability, accuracy, completeness, reliability, appropriateness, or legality of AI-powered Features or AI Output and neither accept any liability or responsibility arising in any way from your access or use of AI-powered Features or AI Output, or any omissions or errors contained therein. ALL ACCESS AND USE TO OF ANY AI-POWERED FEATURES AND AI OUTPUT IS DONE AT YOUR OWN RISK. We recommend that you obtain professional and independent advice before you act on anything contained in or the accuracy of AI Output. You agree that you will not use any AI-powered Features to create unlawful, misleading, infringing, harmful, or offensive content, and that all AI Output used shall be in conformity with the Content Standards and the Angel Policy. All access TO and use OF any AI-powered Features and AI Output is done at your own risk. We require that you let other Users and others know when your User Content, Finished Projects, or Your Approved Finished Products contain AI Output ( for example: “Contains AI-generated content” ). You agree that we may share any AI Input, AI Output, and other interactions with AI-powered Features, including sharing with third-party service providers to enable the AI-powered Features on the Platform, or as a part of the Services, and that they may also use such to improve their own services. This may include any personal data you choose to include within any AI Input. Cricut may impose limits on the number of interactions, outputs, or content you can create or Post with AI-powered Features, as well as limiting AI-powered Features only to Subscription Users or only as a part of certain Subscription Plans. Some AI-powered Features are only available on certain versions of the Software, may not be available in all territories, countries, and regions, and may not be supported in all languages.
(ii) Beta Features.
From time to time, the Platform or Services may include features, functionalities, products, tools, or services that are identified as “Beta,” “Pilot,” “Early Access,” or otherwise experimental (“
Beta Features
”). Beta Features are provided solely for your evaluation and feedback are made available on an “AS-IS”, “AS-AVAILABLE” basis without any warranties or guarantees of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Beta Features may be incomplete, contain bugs, errors, or other issues, may lack full functionality or documentation, and may be modified, suspended, or discontinued at any time without prior notice or liability. Your use of Beta Features is voluntary and is at your own risk. You agree not to rely on Beta Features for production, profit-making, or critical purposes, and Cricut and Cricut Indemnitees expressly disclaim all liability arising from your use or inability to use Beta Features, including but not limited to any loss, damage, or harm related to your content, data, or business operations. Cricut may collect and generate data, usage information, and feedback from your use of Beta Features and may use such information for any purpose without obligation or compensation to you, as all such data, information, and feedback shall be collectively deemed Feedback (defined below). Unless otherwise expressly permitted, you agree not to disclose or distribute Beta Features or related materials to third parties. Cricut may impose restrictions or limitations on access to or use of Beta Features, including eligibility criteria, geographic or Subscription Plan limitations, or limits on usage volume or duration. Your use of Beta Features remains subject to Applicable Law and these Terms of Use.
(b) User Content.
The Platform is intended to provide you and other Users with inspiration, ideas, and other valuable resources on selected themes, designs, and topics. A large portion of the content found on the Platform, is User Content provided by third-parties and individual Users, and not us. Each User is solely responsible for the content they Post and for complying with all Applicable Law relating thereto.
(i) “
User Content
” means all works of authorship and other materials or intellectual property developed, provided, or Posted by you or other Users on the Platform or through the Services, including without limitation: text, graphics, illustrations, still photography, slides, audiovisual combinations, animations, sounds, music, motion videography, and similar content. It also includes any Posted Meta Data, Your Uploaded Content, and any personal identifiers or descriptive information you provide, such as your name (including professional name), likeness, signature, biographical information, username, and Profile information.
(ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Cricut has no obligation to evaluate or review the User Content, Feedback (defined below), or Your Uploaded Content. Under no circumstance does Cricut endorse, guarantee, or make representations or warranties regarding any User Content, Feedback, or Your Uploaded Content, or other materials Users or third parties Post (whether to or on the Platform, or to or through the Services), and we cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been Posted. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications, or content provided by any User or third party. Cricut may, in its sole discretion, reject or remove any User Content that violates these Terms of Use; however, Cricut shall have no obligation to monitor User Content Posted, uploaded, or submitted by a User. Cricut is not responsible for any failure or delay in removing any such User Content.
(iii) All User Content you Post to the Interactive Features (including for inclusion on the Platform or Services) or that is otherwise made available to Cricut will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and by so doing, you hereby grant us and our affiliates and service providers, and each other and our respective licensees, successors, and assigns the right to use, reproduce, modify, perform, display, distribute, and otherwise disclose to third parties any such material.
(iv) To the extent that you provide or Post any User Content, you represent and warrant that (a) you have all necessary Intellectual Property Rights, licenses, clearances, permissions, and/or rights to provide or Post such User Content and grant Cricut the license to use User Content as set forth in this Section, (b) such User Content is accurate and reasonably complete, (c) as between you and Cricut, you are responsible for all reporting and the payment of third-party fees, if any, related to the provision and use of such User Content, (d) such User Content does not and will not infringe or misappropriate any third-party rights or constitute a fraudulent statement or misrepresentation or unfair business practices, and (e) you agree to comply with all applicable rules regarding online conduct and acceptable content we may post in these Terms of Use, on the Platform, through the Services, or via the Interactive Features from time to time.
(v)
Cricut License to Use User Content.
You hereby grant to Cricut a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, exclusive license and right to (I) prepare and encode User Content or any part of it for digital or analog transmission, manipulation, and exhibition in any format and by any means now known or not yet known or invented; (II) display, copy, reproduce, exhibit, publicly perform, broadcast, rebroadcast, transmit, retransmit, distribute and re-distribute through any print or electronic means (including analog and digital) or other means, and electronically or otherwise publish any or all User Content, including any part thereof, and to include it in compilations for publication, by any and all means and media now known or not yet known or invented; (III) modify, adapt, change or otherwise alter User Content including to prepare derivative works including or based upon User Content); (IV) grant sublicenses to any other person or company of all or any of the licensed rights in User Content, including a perpetual sublicense to make User Content available to those Users or consumers who view, access, and/or use User Content, subject to these Terms of Use; (V) access User Content in order to analyze, improve, or render Services; and (VI) use any or all User Content in the promotion, advertising or marketing of the Platform and Services or any other Cricut products and services. You shall not have any right, title, or interest in any derivative works prepared by or for Cricut based upon User Content, or in any other materials with which User Content may be combined or into which all or any portion of User Content may be incorporated.
(vi)
Name and Likeness.
You grant to Cricut a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license and right to use, to the extent made publicly available by you or in your publicly facing Profile, your User Content (including Your Uploaded Content), your name (including professional name), likeness, signature, biographical information, username, and Profile information in connection with the distribution, exploitation, promotion, marketing, and advertising of the Platform and Services or any other Cricut products and services. You agree not to assert, nor to cause any person(s) other than you appearing recognizably or otherwise in your User Content to assert against Cricut, any privacy, publicity, moral, or similar rights held by you or such person(s) under any Applicable Law. To the extent that your User Content contains a name, likeness or the biographical information of any other person, you hereby grant to Cricut a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license to use the same in connection with such distribution, exploitation, promotion, marketing and advertising.
(vii)
No Payments.
Unless otherwise agreed between you and Cricut in a separate written agreement, the licenses granted to Cricut under this User Content Section are royalty-free and are provided without any payment or remuneration to you or others. You acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for all licensing, reporting and payment obligations of any kind to third parties in connection with User Content not otherwise furnished by Cricut.
(c) Feedback.
We welcome and encourage you to provide feedback, comments, reviews, and suggestions for improvements to the Platform and Services (“
Feedback
”). You acknowledge and agree that any and all Feedback provided to us, including Feedback provided, collected, or generated in connection with any Beta Features, will be the sole and exclusive property of Cricut and does not entitle you to any ownership rights or compensation. As such, you hereby irrevocably assign to Cricut, all right, title, and interest you may have in and to all Feedback, including without limitation all worldwide Intellectual Property Rights therein. You further agree to waive any and all moral rights or similar rights that you may have in such Feedback to the extent permitted under Applicable Law. At our request and expense, you agree to execute such documents and take such further actions as we may reasonably request to help Cricut acquire, perfect, and enforce its Intellectual Property Rights and proprietary rights in the Feedback.
(d) Monitoring and Enforcement.
We have the right, but not the obligation, to: (I) remove any User Content or Feedback Posted, or refuse to post any User Content or Feedback, for any or no reason in our sole discretion; (II) take any action with respect to any User Content or Feedback that we deem necessary or appropriate in our sole discretion, including if we believe that such User Content or Feedback violates these Terms of Use, infringes any Intellectual Property Rights or other right(s) of any person or entity, threatens the personal safety of Users of the Platform, the Services, or the public, or could create risk or liability for Cricut; (III) disclose your identity or other information about you to any third party who claims that material Posted by you violates their rights, including their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy; (IV) take appropriate legal action, including without limitation referral to law enforcement for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Platform or Services; and (V) terminate or suspend your access or use to all or part of the Platform and/or Services for any violation of these Terms of Use. Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone Posting User Content, Feedback, or materials on the Platform or through the Services. YOU WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS CRICUT, CRICUT INDEMNITEES, OUR LICENSEES, AND OUR SERVICE PROVIDERS FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY US OR ANY OF THE FOREGOING PARTIES DURING OR AS A RESULT OF ITS INVESTIGATIONS AND FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER US, SUCH PARTIES, OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.
9. CONTENT STANDARDS
In connection with any access or use of the Platform or Services, you agree that all your access and use thereof will, at all times, comply with the Cricut Content Standards available at
https://cricut.com/legal#content-standards
(“
Content Standards
”). Cricut endeavors to use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that Digital Content and User Content comply with the Content Standards; however, Cricut makes no representations or guarantees that this is or will always be the case. If you feel that any Digital Content or User Content does not comport with the Content Standards, please use the “Report” flag inside the Software to alert us systematically, or feel free to alert us by way of the procedures we maintain in the Claims of Infringement Policy (as applicable).
10. “DOs” AND “DONTS”
You understand, acknowledge, and agree, that in connection with your access and use of the Platform or Services, you represent, warrant, and agree that you will, at all times, abide by the following DOs and DON’Ts:
(a) DOs (User Obligations).
You represent, warrant, and agree that:
You will comply with all applicable federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations, including without limitation any laws regarding copyright, intellectual property, privacy and personal identity, or Export Laws (collectively, “
Applicable Law
”).
You will access and use the Platform and Services for their intended uses only and in strict accordance with these Terms of Use.
(b) DON’Ts (Prohibited Conduct).
You represent, warrant, and agree that:
You will not use or access the Platform or Services in any way that violates Applicable Law or these Terms of Use.
You will not harvest, scrape, collect or otherwise extract information or data contained on the Platform or through the Services, other than as permitted by these Terms of Use such as the use of Authorized Downloadable Materials.
You will not impersonate or attempt to impersonate Cricut, a Cricut employee, another User, or any other person or entity (including without limitation by using email addresses or Account Information associated with any of the foregoing) or knowingly provide incorrect or false information.
You will not remove or modify any copyright, trademark, legal notices, or other proprietary notations from the Proprietary Materials or any other content available on the Platform or through the Services.
You will not violate or attempt to violate the Platform or Services security mechanisms, attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Platform or Services, or assist others to do so, or otherwise breach the security of the Platform or Services, or corrupt the Platform or Services in any way.
You will not co-brand or frame the Platform or Services or establish any links in such a way as to suggest any form or association, approval, or endorsement on our part, without the prior express written permission of an authorized representative of Cricut.
You will not use any portion of the Platform or Services to aid in transmitting, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material, including any “junk mail”, “chain letter”, or “spam” or any other similar solicitations.
You will not Post in, to, or though the Platform, Software, Services, or Interactive Features any inappropriate, offensive, racist, hateful, sexist, pornographic, false, misleading, infringing, defamatory, or libelous content – all Posts must conform with the Content Standards.
You will not use the Platform or Services or their contents to recruit, solicit, or contact in any form other Users, potential users, or visitors for employment or contracting for a business not affiliated with us without the prior express written permission of an authorized representative of Cricut.
You will not use or attempt to use the Platform or Services to store or transmit software viruses, worms, time bombs, Trojan horses, or any other computer code, files, or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of the Platform or Services, or of any electronics, websites, software, applications, hardware, or telecommunications equipment.
You will not engage in any conduct that injures or may injure the business, reputation, or goodwill of Cricut.
You will not mask your Account, Account Information, or identity in any way, including without limitation false or fraudulent Account Information or Profile, or IP masking by accessing the Platform or Services over any type of proxy server, through IP masking software, VPN spoofing, or the like.
You will not engage in any conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone’s use or enjoyment of the Platform or Services, or which, as determined by us, may harm us, Users, or visitors of the Platform or Services, or expose us or them to liability.
You will not use the Platform or Services in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the Platform or Services, interfere with any other party’s use of the Platform or Services (including their ability to engage in Interactive Features or other real time activities), or otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Platform or Services.
(c) Restricted Use of Platform and Services.
We reserve the right to monitor use of the Platform and Services and to suspend, revoke, deny, disable, or terminate your access or use if you have violated any provisions of these Terms of Use (including the DOs and DON’Ts above) or if your usage behavior exceeds normal limits, as determined in our sole discretion.
11. PROFESSIONAL SERVICES
From time to time Cricut may provide you with certain customer-focused services, which may include (i) customer service-related services such as technical support, training and educational services, or other services that are related or pertinent to the support and enhancement of your Platform experience or purchases; (ii) specific professional services or Cricut-provided services provided for free, for purchase, as a part of the Subscription or your Subscription Plan (as applicable), or as a benefit or component of a purchase you make (e.g., live assistance with a product expert to be provided if you purchase a specific Device or from a specific retailer, etc.); or (iii) Cricut product integrations, consulting, or other professional services offerings (collectively, “
Professional Services
”). Professional Services include only those services, interactions, and assistance rendered directly by Cricut. You understand, acknowledge, and agree that your request for, interaction with, receipt of, or purchase of any Professional Services shall be governed by these Terms of Use and the terms set forth in this Section (“
Professional Services Terms
”):
(a) Professional Services - User Agreement.
You consent to the gathering, recording, collection, and use and performance of all data, information, and services described in these Terms of Use. Such consent includes, but is not limited to, your personal data and information, your Account and Account Information, your Profile and Profile information, User Content, your Device(s), phone calls, the SMS Services, online chat (text or video) and screensharing, remote access you grant to and installation on Your Mobile Device or Your Desktop Computer, any mutually-coordinated in-person visit(s), and any other data or information you may provide in connection with the Professional Services. You acknowledge that these and other means and methods of the Professional Services are designed to enhance your access to, use of, and interaction with the Platform and Services, and you agree to provide necessary access to facilitate effective troubleshooting, resolution of issues, and the performance of Professional Services. Subject to the Privacy Policy, you grant Cricut a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, record, reproduce, modify, and distribute any information or content provided, shared, obtained, or gathered during the access, use, or rendering of the Professional Services.
(b) Professional Services - Provision of Services.
All Professional Services are provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis, without any warranty of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. You acknowledge that Cricut does not guarantee that the Professional Services will be uninterrupted, error-free, or free from harmful components. The access, use, and/or receipt of the Professional Services is at your own risk, and Cricut shall not be held liable for any issues arising from the access or use of the Professional Services.
(c) Professional Services - Termination.
Cricut reserves the right to terminate or modify your access to or use of the Professional Services at any time, with or without notice, for any reason. You acknowledge that such termination or modification may affect your ability to access or use the Platform or Services. Upon termination, you must cease all use of the services, and Cricut may delete any user data associated with the Professional Services.
(d) Professional Services - Privacy.
All personal data collected during the provision of Professional Services will be handled in accordance with the Privacy Policy. We will implement reasonable security measures to protect user information from unauthorized access, disclosure, or misuse as outlined therein. You are encouraged to review the Privacy Policy to understand how your information is managed.
(e) Professional Services - Limitation of Liability.
To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, Cricut shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages arising out of or related to the use of the Professional Services. This includes, but is not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data, or other intangible losses, even if Cricut has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
(f) Professional Services - User Responsibilities.
In connection with your access to, use of, or other engagement with the Professional Services, you agree to comply with all Applicable Law. Moreover, you shall not engage in any activity that may harm Cricut or its Services. Furthermore, you agree to indemnify and hold Cricut harmless from any claims, damages, or expenses arising from your non-compliance with the Terms of Use and these Professional Services Terms or any Applicable Law. You are responsible for ensuring that your engagement with/use of the Professional Services does not infringe on the rights of others.
12. TERMINATION; CANCELLATION
(a) Term.
These Terms of Use are effective beginning when you first Accept these Terms of Use or first download, install, access, or use the Platform or Services, and ending when terminated as described in this Section.
(b) Termination.
If you violate any provision of these Terms of Use, then your authorization to access and use the Platform or Services and these Terms of Use may be automatically terminated. In addition, Cricut, in its sole discretion, may terminate these Terms of Use, your Account, and/or your access to or use of the Platform or Services, at any time for any reason or no reason, with or without notice, and without any liability to you arising from such termination. You agree that any such termination for the foregoing reasons may be effected without prior notice to you. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you remain personally liable for all Transactions and orders that you place, and for all charges and fees that you have incurred or remain liable for prior to any termination, including all applicable Subscription Fees.
(c) Effect of Termination.
In the event of any termination: (a) any license and any other rights granted you under these Terms of Use will end; (b) you agree to immediately terminate and cease use of all Services; (c) you will no longer be authorized to access or use your Account or the Services; (d) we may (but have no obligation to) delete your information, User Content, and Account data; and (e) we will not be liable to you or any third party for compensation, reimbursement, or damages for any termination or suspension of the Services, or for deletion of your information, User Content, or Account Information. You are solely responsible for retaining copies of User Content, Feedback, or other Posts since upon termination of your Account, you may lose access rights to such. If your Account has been terminated for a breach of these Terms, then you are prohibited from creating a new Account on the Platform or through the Services using a different name, email address, or other forms of Account verification. Notwithstanding, the following Sections of these Terms of Use shall survive and remain in effect upon any termination: Section 3 (Privacy Policy), Section 6 (Intellectual Property), Section 12 (Termination; Cancelation), Section 13 (Indemnification), Section 14 (Disclaimer; Limitation of Liability), Section 16(c) (Governing Law, Jurisdiction, and Venue), Section 16(h) (General).
13. INDEMNIFICATION
(a) Indemnification.
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Cricut, its officers, directors, employees, licensors, independent contractors, providers, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and its and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, suppliers, successors and assigns (each, a “
Cricut Indemnitee
” and collectively, “
Cricut Indemnitees
”) from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses or fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) (hereinafter, “
Claims
”) arising out of or relating to: (i) your violation of these Terms of Use (including all indemnity obligations contained herein) and/or any other applicable Cricut terms and conditions to which you have agreed or are bound; (ii) your User Content, Feedback, or anything else you or your Account Post to the Platform or provide to or through the Services; (iii) any use by you or your Account of the Platform or Services other than as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use; (iv) your violation of Applicable Law or the rights of a third party; and/or (v) your access, use, or application of the Platform or Services.
(b) Indemnification Procedure.
We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and in such case, you agree to cooperate with our defense of such Claim. You agree to cooperate as fully as reasonably required in the defense of any Claims, including asserting any available defenses. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any Claims or matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you and you may not, in any event, settle any Claims without our prior written consent.
14. DISCLAIMER; LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
(a) Warranty Disclaimer.
EXCEPT FOR AN applicable device warranty or any applicable Satisfaction Guarantee we may provide, AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE PLATFORM AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. NEITHER CRICUT NOR ANY CRICUT INDEMNITEE MAKES ANY PROMISE, WARRANTY, OR REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, SAFETY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY, OR AVAILABILITY OF THE PLATFORM OR SERVICES. SUBJECT ONLY TO THE FOREGOING, NEITHER CRICUT NOR ANY CRICUT INDEMNITEE PROMISES, REPRESENTS, OR WARRANTS THAT THE PLATFORM OR SERVICES OR ANY PORTION THEREOF (I) WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE, OR UNINTERRUPTED, (II) WILL BE AVAILABLE IN ALL TERRITORIES, COUNTRIES, REGIONS, OR LANGUAGES, (III) ARE COMPATIBLE WITH ALL OR ANY DEVICE(S), CONSUMABLES, OR ANY OTHER PRODUCT OR SERVICE, (IV) THAT DEFECTS MUST OR WILL BE CORRECTED, AND IF CRICUT ELECTS TO CORRECT THAT IT WILL DO SO IN A TIMELY OR EXPEDITIOUS MANNER (V) THAT THE PLATFORM OR SERVICES, OR THE TECHNOLOGY THAT MAKES THEM AVAILABLE, ARE FREE OF BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE, OR (VI) WILL OTHERWISE MEET YOUR WANTS, NEEDS, OR EXPECTATIONS. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, CRICUT HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
(b) Limitation of Liability.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL CRICUT OR CRICUT INDEMNITEES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT YOU OR CRICUT ARE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. LIKEWISE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL CRICUT OR CRICUT INDEMNITEES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES RESULTING FROM (A) ANY INACCURACIES, RELIABILITY ISSUES, ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INTERRUPTIONS OF THE PLATFORM OR SERVICES OR ELEMENT THEREOF; (B) ANY PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE PLATFORM AND/OR SERVICES; (C) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE PLATFORM OR SERVICES (OR SERVERS) OR ANY PERSONAL DATA, PERSONAL INFORMATION, PAYMENT METHODS, PAYMENT INFORMATION, ACCOUNT INFORMATION, OR PROFILE INFORMATION STORED THEREBY OR THEREIN; (D) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE PLATFORM OR SERVICES (OR SERVERS); (E) ANY SERVICE, TELEPHONE DATA CHARGES, AND OTHER FEES OR COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR ACCESS AND USE OF THE PLATFORM OR SERVICES (INCLUDING MAINTAINING INTERNET, BROWSER, COMPUTER, MOBILE, OR OTHER EQUIPMENT FOR SUCH); (F) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE, WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE PLATFORM OR SERVICES (OR SERVERS); (G) ANY OF YOUR FINISHED PROJECTS, INCLUDING ANY OFFER, SALE, DISTRIBUTION, SHIPPING, OR USE OF THE SAME OR OF YOUR APPROVED FINISHED PRODUCTS; (H) ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE THE PLATFORM, SERVICES, DIGITAL CONTENT, OR USER CONTENT MADE AVAILABLE, WHETHER POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE, INCLUDING ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE RELATED TO YOUR DEVICE(S), YOUR DESKTOP COMPUTER, AND/OR YOUR MOBILE DEVICE; OR (I) ANY CLAIMS ARISING FROM OR CONNECTED TO YOUR VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE LAW, YOUR VIOLATION OF THESE TERMS OF USE, OR YOUR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE. UNDER ALL CIRCUMSTANCES, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF CRICUT AND THE CRICUT INDEMNITEES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF USE OR USE OF OR WITH REGARD TO THE PLATFORM OR SERVICES, WILL NOT EXCEED TWO HUNDRED FIFTY U.S. DOLLARS ($250.00).
(c) Non-U.S. Locations.
The Platform and Services are controlled and offered by Cricut from its facilities in the U.S. Cricut makes no representations or warranties that the Platform or Services are appropriate or available for access or use in other locations. Those who access or use to the Platform or Services from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and risk and are responsible for compliance with Applicable Law. Notwithstanding any attempts by Cricut or its Platform or Services to employ “maturity settings” or the like (whether by way of Software settings or other options), Cricut cannot guarantee the accuracy or availability of such settings and options, nor shall Cricut have any liability to you for the Platform or Services (including Software, Digital Content, or User Content), that may be found to be offensive, indecent, or objectionable.
(d) Third Party Disclaimer.
The Platform and Services may contain links, Interactive Features, or other interactive functionality which interacts with the sites or content of third parties, including social sites and product manufacturers’ sites. References on the Platform or through the Services to any names, marks, content, products, or services of third parties, including without limitation Licensed Digital Content, “Contributing Artists” and all their related Digital Content, influencers, collaborations, Promotions, or hyperlinks to third-party sites or content, are provided solely as a convenience to you and do not in any way constitute or imply Cricut’s endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation of such third party, or its content, products, or services. Cricut is not responsible for and has no liability for the functionality, actions, inactions, privacy settings, privacy policies, terms, security, or content of any such sites or content. ANY VISIT TO OR YOUR ACCESS OR USE OF THIRD-PARTY SITES AND CONTENT IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. IN NO EVENT WILL CRICUT OR CRICUT INDEMNITEES BE LIABLE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, TO ANYONE FOR ANY DAMAGE OR LOSS ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO ANY THIRD PARTY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, YOUR VISIT, ACCESS, USE, CONTINUED USE, OR RELIANCE ON ANY THIRD-PARTY SITES OR CONTENT, OR ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, OR OTHER MATERIALS RELATING TO SUCH THIRD-PARTY SITES OR CONTENT.
15. CHANGES TO TERMS OF USE, PLATFORM, AND/OR SERVICES
(a) Changes to Terms.
We reserve the right to change or modify these Terms of Use (including any documents, policies, or terms referenced or incorporated by reference) in our sole discretion and at any time. Any such change or modification will be effective immediately upon posting to the Website. We will provide you with reasonable advance notice of any material changes or modifications to these Terms of Use by sending an email, providing notice through the Platform, or by similar means consistent with requirements under Applicable Law for amending these Terms of Use in an enforceable manner. We encourage you to review the Website periodically to be aware of any changes or modifications. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, your continued access or use of the Platform or Services, or any element thereof will be deemed your conclusive acceptance of all such changes or modifications to these Terms of Use.
(b) Changes to the Platform and Services.
Cricut may at any time, without notice or liability, change or eliminate the Platform and/or Services or any content, feature, or portion therein or thereof, or restrict the access and/or use of any portion of the Platform and/or Services. Your only right with respect to any dissatisfaction with any Platform or Services-related change or elimination is to cease use of the Platform and/or Services. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Platform and/or Services are unavailable at any time or for any reason.
16. GENERAL
(a) Non-Waiver.
No waiver of any term or condition of these Terms of Use or the documents, policies, or terms referenced or incorporated by reference shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition, or any other term, and Cricut’s failure to assert any right or provision hereunder or thereunder shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
(b) Severability.
If any provision of these Terms of Use or the documents, policies, or terms referenced or incorporated by reference is found to be illegal, void, or unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from these Terms of Use (or therefrom, as applicable) and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
(c) Governing Law, Jurisdiction, and Venue.
These Terms of Use are governed by and will be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Utah, without reference to (i) any conflicts of law principle that would apply the substantive laws of another jurisdiction to the parties’ rights or duties, (ii) the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, or (iii) other international laws. The exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any dispute, controversy, or claim arising out of or relating to the Platform or Services or these Terms of Use or the construction, interpretation, performance, breach, termination, enforceability or validity thereof will be the Fourth District Court of Utah or the United States District Court for the District of Utah and each of the parties hereto waives any objection to jurisdiction and venue in such courts.
(d) Notice.
Cricut may notify you with respect to the Platform and/or Services by sending an email message to your email address or a letter via postal mail to your mailing address (if available), or by a posting on or through the Platform or Services. Any such notice sent via email or by posting through the Platform shall become effective immediately while any notice sent via mail shall become effective on the second day following mailing. Cricut may also contact you by email or push notification to send you additional information about the Platform or Services. Any notice which may be required to be given under these Terms of Use by you to us must be done in a commercially reasonable manner, including certified mail, return receipt requested, email (see below), or any other customary means of communication at the applicable mailing address set forth below, as may be updated from time to time. Any notice given otherwise than in accordance with this Section will be deemed ineffective.
Cricut, Inc.
Attn: Legal Counsel
10855 S. River Front Pkwy
South Jordan, UT 84095
U.S.A.
contracts-notices@cricut.com
All other feedback, comments, requests for technical support, or other communications relating to the Platform or Services should be directed to our customer support/Member Care team by emailing
support@cricut.com
.
(e) No Agency.
Nothing in these Terms of Use or the documents, policies, or terms referenced or incorporated by reference will be construed as making a party the partner, joint venture, agent, legal representative, employer, contractor, or employee of another party. Neither Cricut nor any other party to these Terms of Use has, or may hold itself out to any third party as having, any authority to make any statements, representations or commitments of any kind, or to take any action that is binding on the other, except as expressly provided for herein or authorized in writing by the party to be bound.
(f) Assignment.
We may freely transfer or assign any portion of our rights or delegate our obligations under these Terms of Use with or without notice. You may not assign or otherwise transfer your rights, obligations, or duties under these Terms of Use, in whole or in part, without our prior written consent, in our sole discretion. Any attempted transfer or assignment of these Terms of Use without the prior written consent of Cricut will be null and void ab initio. These Terms of Use will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the permitted successors and assigns of each party to these Terms of Use.
(g) Notice for California Residents.
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users are entitled to the following consumer rights notice: If you have a question or complaint regarding the Platform or Services, please send an email to
support@cricut.com
. You may also contact us by writing to Cricut, Inc., Attn: Legal Counsel, 10855 S. River Front Pkwy, South Jordan, UT 84095, or by calling us at +1 (877) 727-4288. California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at +1 (800) 952-5210.
(h) General.
You agree that the Platform and Services, and any and all elements or portions thereof, shall be deemed to be performed solely based in Utah and that neither our offer nor your access or use of the same shall give rise to personal jurisdiction over Cricut, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than Utah. These Terms of Use (including all applicable documents, policies, and terms incorporated by reference herein) and any other legal notices published by Cricut on or through the Platform or Services, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and Cricut concerning the Platform and Services and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the Platform and Services. Any attempts to provide, or the inclusion of, ordering information, purchase order numbers, invoices, or other conflicting documents (whether referenced by Cricut or not), is for reference purposes only and is not an acceptance by Cricut of any terms or conditions contained therein or elsewhere. The terms on any such purchase order or similar document submitted by you or others to Cricut will have no effect and are hereby rejected.
[END OF TERMS OF USE]
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: September 16, 2025 (v3.0.0)
Cricut, Inc. d/b/a/ Cricut and its affiliates (hereinafter “
Cricut
” or “
we
”) value the privacy of individuals who use our Website, Devices, Consumables, Software, Digital Content, Subscription, Platform, Professional Services, and/or Services (each defined in our Terms of Use available at
https://cricut.com/legal
, the “
Terms of Use
”, and for purposes of this Privacy Policy, collectively, “
Services
”). This Privacy Policy, together with all of its related addenda (collectively, the Cricut “
Privacy Policy
”) explains how we collect, use, and share the information of Users who use our Services (“
Users
,” “
you
,” or “
your
”). By using our Services, you agree to the collection, use, disclosure, and processing of your information as described by this Privacy Policy. Beyond this Privacy Policy, your use of our Services is also subject to our Terms of Use and any additional agreements you may enter into with us. As used in this Privacy Policy, “
Applicable Privacy Law
” means any data protection or privacy law, regulation, or requirement that applies to Cricut’s collection, use, processing, or disclosure of Personal Data, including but not limited to U.S. Privacy Law (defined below), the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the UK GDPR, the China PIPL, and any other relevant national, state, or local law. Any defined terms not otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning set forth in the Terms of Use. Any defined terms not otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning set forth in the Terms of Use.
This Privacy Policy is Cricut’s global privacy notice and applies to all Users worldwide, unless otherwise stated in a specific Addendum for your jurisdiction.
United States (U.S.):
We collect Personal Data from US residents and comply with the consumer privacy laws of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Maryland, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Rhode Island, Texas, Tennessee, Utah, and Virginia (current “
U.S. Privacy Law
”).
European Union (EU) / United Kingdom (UK):
If you reside in the European Union or United Kingdom, please see
Addendum 1 – GDPR Privacy Notice
.
China:
If you reside in mainland of People’s Republic of China, please see
Addendum 2 – China PIPL Privacy Notice
.
Health Privacy Requirements:
If you are a resident of a U.S. state with additional health privacy requirements, such as Washington’s My Health My Data Act or Nevada’s Consumer Health Data Privacy Law, please see
Addendum 3 – State Health Privacy Notice
.
If you are located in a country not specifically listed above, this Privacy Policy governs your data and privacy rights.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, “
Personal Data
” means information that is linked or reasonably linkable to a particular individual or household. However, the following categories of information are not Personal Data:
Publicly available information;
Deidentified or aggregated data; or
Information otherwise excluded from the scope of Applicable Privacy Law.
This Privacy Policy provides the following information to our Users:
Categories of Personal Data we collect;
Purposes for which we use Personal Data;
Categories of Personal Data we share with third parties;
Categories of third parties with which we share Personal Data; and
How Users can exercise their rights under Applicable Privacy Law.
Information We Collect
We may collect a variety of information about you or your devices from various sources. This section describes that information in general terms. You can find a more detailed category-by-category breakdown of the information we collect in the Categories of Non-Sensitive Personal Data section below.
Registration Information.
If you sign up for an account, register to use our Services, or sign up for emails or other updates, we may ask you for basic contact information, such as your Name, Email, Username, Phone Number, Mailing Address, birthday, country, biographical information, date joined Cricut, and profile information. We may also collect certain demographic information when you register for our Services, including your Gender and Interests.
Communications.
If you contact us directly, we may collect additional information from you. For example, when you reach out to our customer support team, we may ask for your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, or other contact information so that we can verify your identity and communicate with you. We may also store the contents of any message or attachments that you send to us, as well as any information you submit through any of our forms or questionnaires.
Events.
If you register for an event that we host, whether in-person or online, we may collect relevant information like your name, phone number, and email address, as well as specific information relevant to the event for which you are registering.
User Content.
We allow Users of our Services to share their own content with others. This may include posts, comments, reviews, or other User-generated content. Unless otherwise noted when creating such content, this information may be shared publicly through our Services.
Payment Information.
If you make a purchase through our Services, your payment-related information, such as credit card or other financial information, may be collected by our third-party payment processor on our behalf.
Device Information.
We may collect information about the devices and software you use to access our Services, such as your IP address, web browser type, operating system version, device identifiers, or similar information.
Usage Information.
To help us understand how you use our Services and to help us improve them, we may collect data about your interactions with our Services. This includes information such as crash reports, session lengths and times, the pages or other content you view, and any searches you conduct on our site.
Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We and our third-party partners may collect information using cookies, pixel tags, or similar technologies. Cookies are small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits.
Information We Receive from Sources Other than You.
We may receive information about you from other sources, including from third parties that help us update, expand, and analyze our records, identify new customers, or detect or prevent fraud. We may also receive information about you from social media platforms, such as when you interact with us on those platforms or access our social media content. What information we receive from third parties is governed by the privacy settings, policies, and/or procedures of those third parties, and we encourage you to review them.
Categories of Non-Sensitive Personal Data We Collect
The tables below outline the non-sensitive categories of Personal Data Cricut collects about its Users, what we use that data for, and whether and how it is shared with third parties.
We collect Non-Sensitive Personal Data:
Directly from our users
Inferences drawn from your interactions with our Services
From our affiliates (“
affiliates
” are businesses that share common ownership with Cricut)
From our business partners (“
business partners
” are companies that we have a pre-existing commercial relationship with)
From our advertising partners
From data brokers (“
data brokers
” are companies engaged in the business of buying or collecting Personal Data and selling it to other businesses)
Category: Sensory Data
Examples and Purpose for Collection
The Sensory Data we collect may contain names, email addresses, account names, online identifiers, IP addresses, mailing addresses, phone numbers, device IDs, etc. We collect Sensory Data to provide customer support services, fulfill orders, facilitate community engagement through our Software (including Interactive Features), improve our products and Services based on user feedback and interactions, and comply with legal obligations such as maintaining records of customer service interactions.
Profiling
We do not use this information for profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal (or similarly significant) effects.
Targeted Advertising
We do not engage in targeted advertising or share this information for targeted advertising purposes
Sale
We do not sell this information to third parties
Other Disclosures
We may share this information with Processors and Affiliates. We share Sensory Data to enable our processors to provide customer support services on our behalf, to facilitate community management, and to improve and debug our products and services.
Retention Period
We retain Sensory Data until the User deletes their account, after which it is retained only to the extent pursuant to Applicable Law or for purposes of preventing fraud.
Category: Professional Data
Examples and Purpose for Collection
The Professional Data we collect may contain customer support interactions or job applications and recruiting process (such as job titles, employment history, employer name, LinkedIn profile information, and resumes submitted). We collect Professional Data to evaluate job applications, manage our recruiting process, provide customer support, and improve our services by understanding the professional backgrounds of our Users.
Profiling
We do not use this information for profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal (or similarly significant) effects.
Targeted Advertising
We do not engage in targeted advertising or share this information for targeted advertising purposes
Sale
We do not sell this information to third parties
Other Disclosures
We may share this information with Processors and Affiliates. We share Professional Data to enable our processors to provide recruiting, HR, and employee onboarding services on our behalf.
Retention Period
We retain Professional Data until the User deletes their account, after which it is retained only to the extent pursuant to Applicable Law or for purposes of preventing fraud.
Category: Educational Data
Examples and Purpose for Collection
The Educational Data we collect may contain educational history, degrees earned, schools attended, transcripts, and certifications submitted during job applications or the recruiting process. We collect Educational Data to evaluate job applications, manage our recruiting process, and comply with applicable legal or regulatory requirements.
Profiling
We do not use this information for profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal (or similarly significant) effects.
Targeted Advertising
We do not engage in targeted advertising or share this information for targeted advertising purposes
Sale
We do not sell this information to third parties
Other Disclosures
We may share this information with Processors and Affiliates. We share Educational Data to enable our processors to provide recruiting, HR, and employee onboarding services on our behalf.
Retention Period
We retain Educational Data until the User deletes their account, after which it is retained only to the extent pursuant to Applicable Law or for purposes of preventing fraud.
Category: Identifiers
Examples and Purpose for Collection
The Identifiers we collect may contain Cricut Account Information (including name, email addresses, phone numbers, account number, order numbers, order history, payment method via card token or masked card number), Cricut Profile information (including profile photo, bio or “about me” information, location, date of birth (month and day), date joined Cricut, social media handles (if entered by User)), Cricut loyalty or rewards program information, IP addresses, device IDs, cookie IDs, MAC addresses, browser type, session ID, push notification token, shipping tracking number, referral and affiliate codes, Cricut Service Provider information (if one of Cricut's Contributing Artists, influencers, ambassador, or service provider to Cricut, then information including name, entity name, applicable addresses, bank account details, tax identification number, and others identifiers submitted as part of any applications, contracts, or onboarding processes with Cricut or its affiliates. We collect Identifiers to create and manage User accounts, fulfill orders, provide customer support, enable personalized experiences, communicate with Users (including via SMS and email), communicate with our partners, vendors, and service providers, process payments, comply with legal and regulatory obligations, prevent fraud, and improve our products and Services.
Profiling
We do not use this information for profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal (or similarly significant) effects.
Targeted Advertising
We may share this information with advertising partners for targeted advertising purposes
Sale
We may sell this information to Advertising Partners and Business Partners. We sell Identifiers to improve our ability to market to our Users through participation in cross-site advertising and retargeting programs with third-party marketing partners.
Other Disclosures
We may share this information with Processors, Affiliates, Other Users of our services, Business Partners, and Advertising Partners. We share Identifiers to enable our processors and affiliates to provide order fulfillment, customer support, payment processing, account management, and other business services on our behalf.
Retention Period
We retain Identifiers until the User deletes their account, after which it is retained only to the extent pursuant to Applicable Law or for purposes of preventing fraud.
Category: Personal Characteristics
Examples and Purpose for Collection
The Personal Characteristics we collect may contain gender, preferred language, location (city, state, or region), and any demographic information provided in User profiles or during surveys and promotions. We collect Personal Characteristics to personalize User experiences, improve our products and Services, tailor communications and content, and comply with applicable legal or regulatory requirements.
Profiling
We do not use this information for profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal (or similarly significant) effects.
Targeted Advertising
We may share this information with advertising partners for targeted advertising purposes
Sale
We may sell this information to Advertising Partners and Business Partners. We sell Personal Characteristics to improve our ability to market to our Users through participation in cross-site advertising and retargeting programs with third-party marketing partners.
Other Disclosures
We may share this information with Processors, Affiliates, Other Users of our services, Business Partners, and Advertising Partners. We share Personal Characteristics to enable our processors and affiliates to provide customer support, personalize User experiences, and deliver Services and on our behalf.
Retention Period
We retain Personal Characteristics until the User deletes their account, after which it is retained only to the extent pursuant to Applicable Law or for purposes of preventing fraud.
Category: Commercial Data
Examples and Purpose for Collection
The Commercial Data we collect may contain prior purchases from our store and similar businesses, items added to cart or wishlist, subscription status, payment history, transaction dates and amounts, products registered, and participation in promotions, rewards, or referral programs. We collect Commercial Data to fulfill orders, process transactions, provide customer support, personalize User experiences, improve our products and Services, and comply with applicable legal or regulatory requirements.
Profiling
We do not use this information for profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal (or similarly significant) effects.
Targeted Advertising
We may share this information with advertising partners for targeted advertising purposes
Sale
We may sell this information to Advertising Partners and Business Partners. We sell Commercial Data to improve our ability to market to our Users through participation in cross-site advertising and retargeting programs with third-party marketing partners.
Other Disclosures
We may share this information with Processors, Affiliates, Other Users of our services, Business Partners, and Advertising Partners. We share Commercial Data to enable our processors and affiliates to provide order fulfillment, customer support, payment processing, account management, and other business services on our behalf.
Retention Period
We retain Commercial Data until the User deletes their account, after which it is retained only to the extent pursuant to Applicable Law or for purposes of preventing fraud.
Category: Internet/Electronic Activity
Examples and Purpose for Collection
The Internet/Electronic Activity we collect may contain browsing history on our website and app, search queries, device and browser type, IP address, cookie ID, session ID, app usage data, interaction with emails and notifications, projects created or shared, Uploaded Digital Content (e.g., images, fonts, etc,), and activity logs related to account and device usage. We collect Internet/Electronic Activity to operate and secure our Website and app, personalize User experiences, analyze and improve our products and Services, provide customer support, detect and prevent fraud, and comply with applicable legal or regulatory requirements.
Profiling
We do not use this information for profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal (or similarly significant) effects.
Targeted Advertising
We may share this information with advertising partners for targeted advertising purposes
Sale
We may sell this information to Advertising Partners and Business Partners. We sell Internet/Electronic Activity to improve our ability to market to our Users through participation in cross-site advertising and retargeting programs with third-party marketing partners.
Other Disclosures
We may share this information with Processors, Affiliates, Other Users of our services, Business Partners, and Advertising Partners. We share Internet/Electronic Activity to enable our processors and affiliates to provide technical support, operate and secure our Website and app, personalize User experiences, and deliver business services on our behalf.
Retention Period
We retain Internet/Electronic Activity until the User deletes their account, after which it is retained only to the extent pursuant to Applicable Law or for purposes of preventing fraud.
Category: Imprecise Geolocational Data
Examples and Purpose for Collection
The Imprecise Geolocational Data we collect may contain city, state, or region inferred from IP address, ZIP code provided during Account registration or checkout, and general location information associated with shipping or billing addresses. We collect Imprecise Geolocational Data to fulfill orders, personalize User experiences, provide relevant content and offers, improve our products and Services, detect and prevent fraud, and comply with applicable legal or regulatory requirements.
Profiling
We do not use this information for profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal (or similarly significant) effects.
Targeted Advertising
We may share this information with advertising partners for targeted advertising purposes
Sale
We may sell this information to Advertising Partners and Business Partners. We sell Imprecise Geolocational Data to improve our ability to market to our Users through participation in cross-site advertising and retargeting programs with third-party marketing partners.
Other Disclosures
We may share this information with Processors, Affiliates, Other Users of our services, Business Partners, and Advertising Partners. We share Imprecise Geolocational Data to enable our processors and affiliates to fulfill orders, personalize User experiences, provide relevant content and offers, and deliver business services on our behalf.
Retention Period
We retain Imprecise Geolocational Data until the User deletes their account, after which it is retained only to the extent pursuant to Applicable Law or for purposes of preventing fraud.
Category: Inferences
Examples and Purpose for Collection
The Inferences we collect may contain User preferences and interests inferred from purchase history, browsing behavior, project activity, Platform and Services usage patterns (including in Software and apps), location, engagement with marketing communications, and participation in promotions or rewards programs. We collect Inferences to personalize User experiences, provide relevant content and offers, improve our products and Services, enhance marketing effectiveness, and better understand User preferences and behavior.
Profiling
We do not use this information for profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal (or similarly significant) effects.
Targeted Advertising
We may share this information with advertising partners for targeted advertising purposes
Sale
We may sell this information to Advertising Partners and Business Partners. We sell Inferences to improve our ability to market to our Users through participation in cross-site advertising and retargeting programs with third-party marketing partners.
Other Disclosures
We may share this information with Processors, Affiliates, Other Users of our services, Business Partners, and Advertising Partners. We share Inferences to enable our processors and affiliates to personalize User experiences, provide analytics, improve our products and Services, and deliver business services on our behalf.
Retention Period
We retain Inferences until the User deletes their account, after which it is retained only to the extent pursuant to Applicable Law or for purposes of preventing fraud.
Categories of Sensitive Personal Data We Collect
Our Services are neither designed nor intended to request or seek to collect Sensitive Personal Data. If you submit Sensitive Personal Data while using our Platform or Services, we will process such information only as necessary to provide the requested Services and in accordance with Applicable Privacy Law.
How We Use the Information We Collect
In addition to the purposes listed above, we may use the information we collect:
To provide, maintain, improve, and enhance our Services;
To understand and analyze how you use our Services and develop new products, services, features, and functionality;
To facilitate purchases of products or services that you order;
To host events;
To allow you to share content with other Users of our Services;
To communicate with you, provide you with updates and other information relating to our Services, provide information that you request, respond to comments and questions, and otherwise provide User support;
For marketing and advertising purposes, including developing and providing promotional and advertising materials that may be relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you;
To detect and prevent fraud, and respond to trust and safety issues that may arise;
For compliance purposes, including enforcing our Terms of Use or other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency; and
For other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time the information is collected
How We Share the Information We Collect
We share and/or sell Personal Data with the following categories of third parties:
Processors.
We may share any information we collect with processors retained in connection with the provision of our Services. These companies are only permitted to use this information on our behalf and according to our instructions. Our processors are not permitted to use your information for their own purposes.
Our Affiliates.
We may share your information with our affiliates, subsidiaries, and representatives as needed to provide our Services.
Other Users.
Content you post on our systems, such as comments or reviews, may be displayed to other Users as appropriate.
Our Business Partners.
We may share relevant information about you with our business partners to provide you with exclusive offers for products and services that may interest you.
Our Advertising and Analytics Partners.
We use analytics services to collect and process certain analytics data, as detailed below. We also work with third-party services to conduct advertising via cookies. These third parties may also collect information about your use of other websites, apps, and online resources. These partners include:
Google
- We may use Google’s services to collect and process analytics data about how our Users use our Services and to place ads that we think may interest our Users and potential users.
For more information, see
Google’s Privacy & Terms page
.
Meta
- We may use Meta’s services to place ads that we think may interest our users and potential users across Meta’s various websites, such as Facebook and Instagram.
For more information, see
Meta’s Data Policy
and
Privacy Center
.
Microsoft
- We use Microsoft’s services to place ads that we think may interest our users and potential users.
For more information, see
Microsoft’s Advertising Policies
.
Please note that this list may be updated from time to time to provide you with the latest information. For more information about your choices regarding how these partners use your information, see the Your Choices section below.
Third Parties.
We may sell certain categories of your Personal Data (as detailed in the tables above) to the following third parties: SafeOpt by AddShoppers.
We may also share your Personal Data with other parties for the following reasons:
As Required by Law.
We may share your information if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (a) comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (b) respond to your requests; or (c) protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety. In particular, we may share relevant information with the appropriate third parties if you post any illegal, threatening, or objectionable content on or through our Services.
Events.
We may share your information with event partners or co-sponsors to facilitate the events for which you register.
Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.
We may transfer your information to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company or in which we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our assets. The use of your information following any of these events will be governed by the same general provisions of this Privacy Policy.
Consent.
We may also share your information with your permission.
For more information on how we share the information we collect, see the Categories of Non-Sensitive Personal Data tables above.
Your Rights and Choices
Residents of certain jurisdictions (including the EU, UK, China, and select U.S. states) may have additional or different privacy rights. Please see the Addenda for jurisdiction-specific details.
Our Communications.
From time to time, you may receive marketing or other informational email messages from us. You can unsubscribe from our promotional and informational emails via the link provided in the emails. Users may continue to receive administrative messages necessary to service User accounts after opting out of receiving promotional messages from us.
Cookies.
Most web browsers allow you to manage cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, you can visit
www.aboutcookies.org
or
www.allaboutcookies.org
. You can manage your cookie preferences for our Website at any time by clicking the “Cookie Settings” link in the footer, which will open our Consent Preferences Center.
Our Partners.
You can learn more about Google’s privacy practices and your options about how they use your information on
Google’s website
. You can also install the
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
. Meta, the parent company of Facebook, provides information about how it uses the information it collects through our Services in its
Data Policy
. You can also learn specifically about
Facebook’s advertising practices
on its website. Some of our advertising partners are members of the
Network Advertising Initiative
or the
Digital Advertising Alliance
. You can visit those organizations’ websites to learn about how you may opt out of receiving web-based personalized ads from their member companies. You can also access any settings offered by your mobile operating system to limit ad tracking. To inquire about your choices regarding our business partners generally, contact us at
privacy@cricut.com
.
Your Rights.
Our Users have some or all of the following rights under Applicable Privacy Law:
The rights to access, correct, or delete Personal Data;
The right to obtain a portable copy of Personal Data;
The right to limit the use of Sensitive Personal Data in certain circumstances;
The rights to opt out of targeted advertising, sales of personal data, or profiling;
The right to obtain a list of the third parties that we disclose Personal Data to;
The right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your privacy rights; and
The right to appeal our decisions about your requests if you disagree with them.
Exercising Your Rights.
If you are a User of our Services, you can submit a request to exercise your personal data rights (a “
rights request
”, also known as a “
Data Subject Request
” or “
DSR
”) by visiting
https://privacy-preferences.cricut.com/
(our “
Privacy Request Center
”) or calling our toll-free number at listed for your region at
https://cricut.com/contact-us
. Users that have given Cricut consent to process their data in a specific way or to collect sensitive data about them may also withdraw their consent using these methods.
Rights Request – Verification Required:
To protect your privacy, we may need to authenticate your identity before we respond to your rights request. We will verify your identity by sending an email to the email address you provide with a link to complete the verification process through our Privacy Request Center. If you do not complete the verification process, we may be unable to process your request. Any information you provide to authenticate your identity will only be used to process your rights request and not for any other purpose.
Rights Request – Response Time:
We will respond to your rights request within 45 days (or within 15 days when required by Applicable Privacy Law), and in certain cases we may inform you pursuant to Applicable Privacy Law that we will need an additional days to act on your request. If we suspect fraudulent or malicious activity on or from your account, we will delay acting on your request until we can appropriately verify your identity and the request as authentic. Also note that each of your rights are subject to certain exceptions that may permit or require us not to process your request.
Rights Request – Deletion Request.
When you submit a deletion request through our Privacy Request Center, we will process your Account closure and the erasure of your Personal Data as required by Applicable Privacy Law. We may retain information as necessary to comply with legal obligations or for other permitted purposes pursuant to Applicable Law and Applicable Privacy Law.
Your Account Status:
In lieu of a DSR/rights request, you can alternatively click “Delete Account” in our Account settings (which may either (1) delete your Account, which includes the permanent termination of all access to your Account, Digital Content, Uploaded Digital Content, the Software – thereby disabling the ability to correctly use your Devices, your Subscription, your enrollment in our SMS Services, and our marketing emails, or (2) very soon “Deactivate Account”, which will only temporarily suspend your Account, Digital Content, Uploaded Digital Content, and the Software – thereby disabling the ability to correctly use your Devices suspend access to disable the ability to correctly use your Devices, however may be reversible (without any guarantees to successful reinstatement) and is not intended to result in the permanent deletion of your Account data. The “Delete Account” and “Deactivate Account” self-serve options in your Account settings are not intended to serve as a DSR/rights request as may be required by Applicable Privacy Law.
Universal Opt-Out Mechanisms:
Cricut also processes opt-out requests sent by Universal Opt-Out Mechanisms (also referred to as “
Opt-Out Preference Signals
”) frictionlessly in compliance with Applicable Privacy Law. You can send an Opt-Out Preference Signal for our business to process frictionlessly by visiting our website using a device or browser that broadcasts commonly used and recognized Opt-Out Preference Signals. We will apply the Opt-Out Preference Signals we receive to the browser or device that sent the signal. Please be aware that we do not accept or process rights requests submitted through other means.
Marketing Preferences:
You can unsubscribe from marketing emails from Cricut at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link included in our marketing emails, or by adjusting your email preferences in your Account settings. Please note that unsubscribing from marketing messages will not affect transactional or relationship emails, such as purchase confirmations, notices about your Account, or required legal notices.
Subject to Applicable Privacy Law, we reserve the right to decline to process, or charge a reasonable fee for, rights requests from Users that are manifestly unfounded, excessive, repetitive, or frivolous/vexatious, or otherwise jeopardize the privacy of others, or for which access is not otherwise required by Applicable Privacy Law.
Authorized Agents.
You may designate an authorized agent to make a rights request on your behalf. Your authorized agent may submit such a request by using the method(s) described above. We may require verification of your authorized agent’s authority in addition to the information we require for verification of your identity.
Notice of Right to Opt-Out of Sale/Sharing for Targeted Advertising
Subject to Applicable Privacy Law, Users have the right to direct a business that “sells” their Personal Data or shares it for targeted advertising purposes to stop selling and/or sharing their Personal Data at any time. As used here, “
selling
” means exchanging Personal Data with a third party for money or anything of value, and targeted advertising is the practice of displaying advertisements to a person that are selected based on that person’s activities over time and across non-affiliated websites or applications. In certain situations, and as detailed more fully in the tables above, we sell and/or share for targeted advertising Personal Data with third parties. You can opt out of the sale and/or sharing of your Personal Data for targeted advertising purposes by visiting
https://privacy-preferences.cricut.com/
or calling our toll-free number at listed for your region at
https://cricut.com/contact-us
.
Notice of Right to Limit the Use of Sensitive Personal Data
You have the right to limit some uses of Sensitive Personal Data. In general, you may direct companies not to use your Sensitive Personal Data except as necessary to provide goods or services you have requested or to further certain other exempt purposes. However, Cricut does not Process any Sensitive Data.
Children’s Data
We do not knowingly collect or use the Personal Data of children under thirteen (13). If you believe that we have collected the Personal Data of a child under thirteen (13), please contact us at
privacy@cricut.com
.
Third-Party Content
Our Services may contain links to other websites, products, or services that we do not own or operate. We are not responsible for the content provided by, or the privacy practices of, these third parties. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not apply to your activities on these third-party services or any information you disclose to these third parties. We encourage you to read their privacy policies before providing any information to them.
Security
We make reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Data by using administrative, technological, and physical safeguards designed to improve the security of the Personal Data we maintain and protect it from accidental loss, unauthorized access or use, or any other inappropriate or unlawful processing. If we become aware of a data breach affecting your Personal Data, we will notify you as required by Applicable Law.
However, because no information system can be 100% secure, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your data.
International Visitors & Users
Our Services are hosted in the United States and Ireland. We may transfer, store, or process your Personal Data outside your home country, including in the United States and/or Ireland. If you choose to use the Services from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. Privacy Law, then please note that you are transferring your information outside of those regions to the United States and/or Ireland for storage and processing. Also, we may transfer your data from the U.S. and Ireland to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the Services. By using our Services, you agree and consent to the transfer, storage, and processing of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will post any adjustments to this Privacy Policy on this page, and the revised version will be effective when it is posted. If we make material changes, we will notify you of the change and give you the opportunity to withdraw your consent for future collection and/or processing of your data by sending an email to the email address associated with your User account and/or by providing an in-app or transactional notification requiring your acceptance. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy periodically to stay up to date about our privacy practices.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our processing activities, please email us at
privacy@cricut.com
. If you need this Privacy Policy in an alternative format due to a disability, please contact us at
privacy@cricut.com
.
[SEE PRIVACY POLICY ADDENDA BELOW]
ADDENDUM 1
GDPR Privacy Notice
Effective Date: September 16, 2025
This GDPR Privacy Notice (the “
GDPR Privacy Notice
”) applies to the processing of Personal Data, subject to all applicable privacy and data protection laws of the European Union and the European Economic Area (collectively, “
Europe
”), by Cricut and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“
Cricut
”, “
we
”, “
our
”, or “
us
”) through its Services. It describes how we collect, use, and disclose the Personal Data (defined below) of Users in Europe who use our Services (“
Users
,” “
you
,” or “
your
”), and your rights and choices with respect to your Personal Data, and how you can contact us if you have any questions or concerns. For areas not otherwise addressed in this GDPR Privacy Notice and for our general privacy practices outside of Europe, please see the Cricut Privacy Policy available at
https://cricut.com/privacy
. Any defined terms not otherwise defined in this GDPR Privacy Notice shall have the meaning set forth in the Terms of Use available at
https://cricut.com/legal
.
Personal Data We Collect
In this GDPR Privacy Notice, “
Personal Data
” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. We may collect Personal Data about you from various sources described below.
Information Provided by You
Account Information.
If you create an account to use our Services, we collect Personal Data related to its creation and the usage of our Services via this account. When you sign up, you may provide us with your name, email address, password, mobile phone number, interests, and other account information.
Communications.
When you contact us via a contact form, email, or other means, you provide us with Personal Data, such as your name and contact details, and the content, date, and time of our communications.
Careers.
If you apply for a job with us, you may provide us with your resume, name, contact details, and any other relevant information. If you become an employee, we collect additional information, such as your family information, beneficiary selections, banking information, and other relevant information for employment, payroll, and benefit purposes, and we may collect certain sensitive Personal Data such as trade union membership data or biometric data for identity verification.
Support Information.
When you request technical support services, we will process your Personal Data such as your name and the contact details you use to contact us, as well as information on the reasons for your support request, and any additional information you may provide in that context.
Product purchases
If you purchase products from us, you may provide us with your name, e-mail, shipping address, payment information, and other information provided at checkout
Events
If you register or attend on of our events, you may provide your name, contract details, be photographed or videoed at the event, and provide other relevant information.
Software apps
If you register for, engage with, or use any of our software applications, you may provide us with login information (including name and e-mail), setup a Cricut Profile (containing location, about me/biographical information, relevant projects you've shared, other community members you follow, and other relevant information.
Our engagements with individuals and entities as partners, contractors, vendors & service providers
To the extent you offer services for hire, any such RFP/RFI/proposal and the performance of such services may require that you are "onboarded" through Cricut's process of vendor onboarding. Whether you may be a contractor, influencer, vendor, service provider, or the like various information like name, address, billing information, bank details, legal agreements, and other relevant information will be gathered.
Where applicable, we may indicate whether and why you must provide us with your Personal Data as well as the consequences of failing to do so. For example, it may be necessary for you to disclose certain Personal Data in order for us to provide the Services to you.
Our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of sixteen (16).
Information Collected from Other Sources
Third Parties.
We may obtain Personal Data about you from third parties such as outbound marketing vendors, industry organizations, analytics providers / third-party cookies and other entities. This information may include identifiers, location data, search history, website visitations, other information available by way of industry third-party cookies and other similar information.
Information We Collect by Automated Means
Social Media.
We may collect Personal Data via social media tools, widgets, or plug-ins to connect you to your social media accounts. These features may allow you to sign in through your social media account, share a link, or post directly to your social media account. When you visit a website that contains such tools or plugins, the social media or other service provider may learn of your visit. Your interactions with these tools are governed by the privacy policies of the corresponding social media platforms.
Cookies.
We may collect Personal Data via cookies and similar technologies (see “Legal Bases for the Processing of Personal Data” section of this GDPR Privacy Notice for more information).
How We Use Personal Data
We use the Personal Data we collect for the following purposes:
Providing Services,
including to operate, maintain, support, and provide our Services.
Communicating with You,
including to contact you for administrative purposes (e.g., to provide services and information that you request or to respond to comments and questions) or to send you marketing communications, including updates on promotions and events, relating to products and services offered by us.
Personalization,
including to customize our Services to you and provide you with the most relevant marketing and advertising materials.
Analytics and Product Development,
including to analyze usage trends and preferences in order to improve our Services, and to develop new products, services, and features.
Customer and Vendor Relationship Management,
including to track emails, phone calls, and other actions you have taken as our customer or vendor.
Aggregation.
We may aggregate or anonymize Personal Data and use the resulting information for statistical analysis or other purposes.
Administrative and Legal,
such as to address administrative issues or to defend our legal rights and to comply with our legal obligations and internal policies as permitted by law.
Training AI.
In order to power and train Cricut's "Create AI" feature and other AI Features, you may provide us with your search history, machine usages, and software usage.
Personalization.
In order to personalize Cricut's services, we gather relevant data from your Cricut Profile, software usage, search history, and other available data sets to better inform our software experience to anticipate and meet your particular needs.
Building Consumer Profiles.
Information about your device, Cricut products, machines, and accessories, as well as your usage in any of our software apps helps us to build both your specific profile (for personalization and other reasons), as well as Feedback to Cricut to better build what a typical consumer profile on our Platform looks like for Services improvements.
Career Services.
To the extent you engage with any of our Careers, job postings, or Cricut Recruiting process, you may provide us with your name, resume, contact details, and other relevant information.
Legal Bases for the Processing of Personal Data
We rely on various legal bases to process your Personal Data, including:
Consent.
You may have consented to the use of your Personal Data, for example to send you electronic marketing communications or for the use of certain cookies.
Contract.
We need your Personal Data to provide you with our Services and to respond to your inquiries.
Legal.
We may have a legal obligation to process your Personal Data, for example to comply with tax and accounting obligations, and we may process your Personal Data when necessary to establish, exercise, or defend legal claims. We may also process your Personal Data when necessary to protect your or another individual’s vital interests.
Legitimate Interest.
We or a third party have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Data, for example to prevent fraud. We only rely on this legal basis when such legitimate interests are not overridden by your interests or your fundamental rights and freedoms.
How We Disclose Personal Data
We may disclose Personal Data about you in the following circumstances:
Group Entities.
We may disclose Personal Data about you to our affiliates and subsidiaries.
Public Posts.
Any information that you voluntarily choose to post to a publicly accessible area of our Services will be available to anyone who has access to that content.
Service Providers.
We work with third parties to provide services such as hosting, maintenance, and support. These third parties may have access to or process your Personal Data as part of providing those services to us.
Legal.
We may disclose your Personal Data if it is necessary (i) for compliance with our legal obligations or (ii) to establish, exercise, or defend legal claims.
Merger.
Information about our users, including Personal Data, may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to an acquirer, successor, or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.
Aggregated Information.
We may use and disclose aggregated or otherwise anonymized information for any purpose, unless we are prohibited from doing so under applicable law.
Business Partners.
We may share Personal Data such as identifiers, analytics data, marketing preferences, social media profile information, geolocation data, cookies, transaction and website traffic details, event or contest participation details and related data with our business partners, including marketing and advertising partners, analytics providers, social media companies, client relationship vendors and other related entities. We share personal data with our business partners in order to deliver targeted advertising and marketing, perform analytics and measurement, improve their own products or services, facilitate social media integrations, administer joint events, contests, or promotions and for other related purposes.
Acting as Processor or Joint Controller.
In some cases, Cricut may process Personal Data on behalf of other organizations (such as schools or businesses using our enterprise services), acting as a “processor” under Applicable Privacy Law. Where Cricut jointly determines the purposes and means of processing Personal Data with another organization, Cricut will provide information about the joint processing relationship as required by Applicable Privacy Law.
Your Rights and Choices
As provided under applicable law and subject to any limitations in such law, you have the following rights:
Access and Portability.
You may ask us to provide you with a copy of the Personal Data we maintain about you, including a machine-readable copy of the Personal Data that you have directly provided to us, and request certain information about its processing.
Rectification.
You may ask us to update and correct inaccuracies in your Personal Data.
Deletion.
You may ask to have your Personal Data anonymized or deleted, as appropriate.
Restriction and Objection.
You may ask us to restrict the processing of your Personal Data or object to such processing.
Consent Withdrawal.
You may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us regarding the processing of your Personal Data at any time and free of charge. We will apply your preferences going forward. This will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before you withdrew your consent.
Complaint.
You may lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, including in your country of residence, place of work, or where you believe an incident took place.
You may exercise your rights by submitting a request through our Privacy Request Center at
https://privacy-preferences.cricut.com/
or by contacting us at
privacy@cricut.com
. Users that have given Cricut consent to process their data in a specific way or to collect sensitive data about them may also withdraw their consent using these methods. You may also call our toll-free number listed for your region at
https://cricut.com/contact-us
. Note that applicable laws contain certain exceptions and limitations to each of these rights. We would appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach a supervisory authority directly.
International Data Transfers
We may transfer your Personal Data outside of the country in which it was collected and where the level of protection of Personal Data may be different than in your country. Personal Data may be transferred to United States of America, Ireland, and countries in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”). If we do so, we will comply with applicable data protection laws, in particular by relying on an EU Commission adequacy decision; on contractual protections for the transfer of your Personal Data; or on another approved mechanism, including derogations for a specific situation, such as your explicit consent. For more information about how we transfer Personal Data internationally, or to obtain a copy of the safeguards we use for such transfers, please contact us as specified below.
Data Security and Data Retention
We use physical, managerial, and technical safeguards that are designed to improve the integrity and security of Personal Data that we collect, maintain, and otherwise process.
We take measures to delete or anonymize your Personal Data when it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which we process it, unless we are required by law to keep it for a longer period. When determining the retention period, we take into account various criteria, such as the type of products or services provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, mandatory retention periods, and applicable statutes of limitations.
If a personal data breach that affects your Personal Data occurs, we will notify you and the relevant supervisory authority as required by Applicable Law.
Third-Party Services
Our Services may contain features or links to websites and services provided by third parties. Any information you provide via these websites or services is provided directly to these third-party operators and is subject to their privacy policies, even if accessed through our Services. We encourage you to learn about these third parties’ policies before providing them with your Personal Data.
Changes and Updates to this GDPR Privacy Notice
We may update this GDPR Privacy Notice from time to time to reflect changes in our privacy practices. We will follow applicable laws and regulations regarding notification of such changes.
Our Contact Information
Cricut is the entity responsible for the processing of your Personal Data. If you have any questions or comments about this GDPR Privacy Notice, our privacy practices, or if you would like to exercise your rights with respect to your Personal Data, please contact us by email at
privacy@cricut.com
or through our Privacy Request Center at
https://privacy-preferences.cricut.com/
, or by mail at:
Cricut, Inc.
Attn: Legal Counsel – Privacy
10855 S. River Front Parkway
South Jordan, Utah 84095
U.S.A.
[END OF ADDENDUM 1]
ADDENDUM 2
PIPL Privacy Notice
Effective Date: September 16, 2025
This PIPL Privacy Notice (this “
PIPL Privacy Notice
”) applies to the handling of Personal Information, subject to the Personal Information Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China (“
China
”, excluding the Hong Kong SAR, the Macao SAR and the Taiwan region for the purpose of this PIPL Privacy Notice), by Cricut, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“
Cricut
,” “
we
,” “
our
,” or “
us
”) through its Services. It describes how we collect, use, and disclose the Personal Information of Users in China who use our Services (“
Users
,” “
you
,” or “
your
”), and your rights and choices with respect to your Personal Information, and how you can contact us if you have any questions or concerns. For areas not otherwise addressed in this PIPL Privacy Notice and for our general privacy practices outside of China, please see the Cricut Privacy Policy available at
https://cricut.com/privacy
. Any defined terms not otherwise defined in this PIPL Privacy Notice shall have the meaning set forth in the Terms of Use available at
https://cricut.com/legal
.
Personal Information We Collect
In this PIPL Privacy Notice, “
Personal Information
” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. We may collect Personal Information about you from various sources described below.
Information Provided by You
Account Information.
If you create an account to use our Services, we collect Personal Information related to its creation and the usage of our Services via this account. When you sign up, you may provide us with your name, email address, password, mobile phone number, interests, and other account information.
Communications.
When you contact us via a contact form, email, or other means, you provide us with Personal Information, such as your name and contact details, and the content, date, and time of our communications.
Careers.
If you apply for a job with us, you may provide us with your resume, name, contact details, and any other relevant information. If you become an employee, we may collect additional information, such as your emergency contacts, beneficiary selections, and other relevant information for employment, payroll, and benefit purposes, and we may collect certain sensitive Personal Information such as biometric data for identity verification or financial information.
Support Information.
When you request technical support services, we will handle your Personal Information such as your name and the contact details you use to contact us, as well as information about the reasons for your support request, and any additional information you may provide in that context.
Account Information.
We collect Account Information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, and password when you register for an Account or update your Profile on our Website, Software, or apps. This information allows us to create and manage your Account, provide our Services, and communicate with you.
Communications.
We collect personal information such as your name, email address, and the content of your messages and communication when you contact us through our Website, Software, apps, or customer support channels. This information allows us to respond to your inquiries and communicate with you about our Services.
Customer Support Information.
When you request customer support, we may collect your name, contact information, account details, and any information you provide about your issue. With your permission, we may also access your Account or device remotely to help diagnose and resolve technical problems.
Careers/Employment Information.
When you apply for a job or employment with us, we may collect personal information such as your name, contact details, resume or CV, employment and education history, references, and any other information you choose to provide as part of your application or during the recruitment process. If you become an employee, we may also collect additional information required for payroll, benefits, and compliance with legal obligations.
Purchase/Transaction Information.
When you purchase Digital Content or a Subscription, we collect information such as your name, email address, details of your purchase, and Transaction history. Your Payment Method and related payment information—including payment card details and billing address—are processed directly by third-party payment providers. We do not typically directly receive or store your full billing address or payment card details, but we may receive limited transaction information (such as transaction ID, payment status, or the last four digits of your card) as needed to fulfill your order and provide customer support.
Internet/Electronic Activity.
We collect information about your interactions with our Platform and Services, such as device information, IP address, browser type, operating system, usage data, and cookies. This includes details about how you access and use our Services, such as electronic locations viewed, features used, and actions taken within the Platform and Services.
User-Generated Content.
We collect personal information that you choose to provide when you upload, submit, or share content on our Platform and Services, such as images, designs, project files, images, comments, and other materials. This may include any information contained within the content you create or share.
Marketing Preferences.
We collect information about your marketing preferences, such as your choices regarding receiving promotional communications from us. This may include your name, email address, and records of your consent or opt-out selections.
Demographic Data.
We may collect demographic information such as your language preference, country or region, and, where provided, your date of birth or age. This information helps us personalize your experience and provide content or Services relevant to your location and preferences.
Imprecise Geolocation.
We may collect general location information, such as your city, region, or country, which may be inferred from your IP address or device settings, or provided by you in your Account or Profile. This helps us customize your experience and provide content and Services relevant to your location and anticipated language needs.
Where applicable, we may indicate whether and why you must provide us with your Personal Information as well as the consequences of failing to do so. For example, it may be necessary for you to disclose certain Personal Information in order for us to provide the Services to you.
Our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of fourteen (14).
Information Collected from Other Sources
Third Parties.
We may obtain Personal Information about you from third parties such as We may obtain Personal Information about you from third parties such as authentication providers, marketing and advertising partners, analytics providers, referral or affiliate partners, payment processors, service providers that support our business operations, event or contest partners, social media platforms, and other entities that assist us in providing or improving our Services. Additionally, in relation to Careers/Employment Information, we may receive information from background check companies and recruiting agencies. and other entities. This information may include This information may include names, email addresses, contact information, account identifiers, transaction details, marketing preferences, analytics data, social media profile information, event or contest participation details, and other similar information. For Careers/Employment Information, this information may additionally include employment and education history, background check results, and the like. and other similar information.
Information We Collect by Automated Means
Social media.
We may collect Personal Information via social media tools, widgets, or plug-ins to connect you to your social media accounts. These features may allow you to sign in through your social media account, share a link, or post directly to your social media account. When you visit a website that contains such tools or plugins, the social media or other service provider may learn of your visit. Your interactions with these tools are governed by the privacy policies of the corresponding social media platforms.
Cookies.
We may collect Personal Information via cookies and similar technologies (see Section 3 of this PIPL Privacy Notice for more information).
How We Use Personal Information
We use the Personal Information we collect for the following purposes:
Providing Services,
including to operate, maintain, support, and provide our Services.
Communicating with You,
including to contact you for administrative purposes (e.g., to provide services and information that you request or to respond to comments and questions) or to send you marketing communications, including updates on promotions and events, relating to products and services offered by us.
Personalization,
including to customize our Services to you and provide you with the most relevant marketing and advertising materials.
Customer and Vendor Relationship Management,
including to track emails, phone calls, and other actions you have taken as our customer or vendor.
Aggregation and Anonymization.
We may aggregate or anonymize Personal Information and use the resulting information for statistical analysis or other purposes.
Administrative and Legal,
such as to address administrative issues or to defend our legal rights and to comply with our legal obligations and internal policies as permitted by PRC law.
Building Consumer Profiles.
Building consumer profiles means combining information we collect about you from various sources to better understand your interests, preferences, and behaviors. This helps us tailor our products, services, and marketing communications to your needs and improve your overall experience with our Platform and Services.
Event and Contest Administration.
Event and contest administration means using your Personal Information to manage your participation in events, contests, or promotions that we offer. This includes processing entries, notifying winners, and fulfilling prizes or related benefits.
Training AI and Machine Learning Models.
Training AI and machine learning models means using Personal Information to develop, improve, and test automated features or tools within our Platform and Services. This may include analyzing user interactions or content to enhance the accuracy and performance of our AI-powered Features.
Analytics and Product Development.
Analytics and product development means using Personal Information to analyze how users interact with our Platform and Services, identify trends, and measure performance. This helps us improve existing features, develop new products, and enhance the overall user experience.
Targeted Advertising and Marketing.
Targeted advertising and marketing means using Personal Information to deliver personalized advertisements, offers, or marketing communications based on your interests and activity on our Platform, Services, or third-party websites and apps. This may include sharing information with advertising partners to help us reach audiences who are most likely to be interested in our products or Services.
Legal Bases for the Handling of Personal Information
We rely on various legal bases to handle your Personal Information, including:
Consent.
You may have consented to the use of your Personal Information, for example to send you electronic marketing communications or for the use of certain cookies. You may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us as described in Section 10 of this PIPL Privacy Notice.
Contract.
We need your Personal Information to provide you with our Services and to respond to your inquiries.
Legal.
We may have a legal obligation to handle your Personal Information when necessary to fulfill statutory duties and responsibilities or statutory obligations, for example to comply with tax and accounting obligations.
Public Interest.
We may also handle your Personal Information when necessary to respond to sudden public health incidents or protect individuals’ lives and health, or the security of their property, under emergency conditions;.
How We Disclose Personal Information
We may disclose Personal Information about you in the following circumstances:
Group Entities.
We may disclose Personal Information about you to our affiliates and subsidiaries.
Service Providers.
We work with third parties to provide services such as hosting, maintenance, and support. These third parties may have access to or handle your Personal Information as part of providing those services to us, but they are prohibited from using your Personal Information for their own purposes.
Legal.
We may disclose your Personal Information when it is necessary to fulfill our duties and obligations under applicable law.
Public Posts.
Any information that you voluntarily choose to post to a publicly accessible area of our Services will be available to anyone who has access to that content.
Anonymized Information.
Personal Information that has been anonymized can no longer be linked to an individual. We may use and disclose anonymized information for any purpose, unless we are prohibited from doing so under applicable law.
Business Partners.
We may share Personal Information such as identifiers, analytics data, marketing preferences, social media profile information, geolocation data, cookies, transaction and website traffic details, event or contest participation details, and related data with our business partners, including marketing and advertising partners, analytics providers, social media companies, client relationship vendors, and other related entities. We share Personal Information with our business partners in order to deliver targeted advertising and marketing, perform analytics and measurement, improve their own products or services, facilitate social media integrations, and administer joint events, contests, or promotions. and for other related purposes.
Merger.
Information about our users, including Personal Information, may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to an acquirer, successor, or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets. In such a scenario, we will notify you of the name of the personal information recipient and how to contact such recipient. The recipient will continue to fulfill the duties of Cricut outlined in this PIPL Privacy Notice. If any changes are made to how they use your Personal Information, the recipient will notify you of such changes as provided by applicable laws.
Your Rights and Choices
As provided under applicable law and subject to any limitations in such law, you have the following rights:
Access and Portability.
You may ask us to provide you with a copy of the Personal Information we maintain about you and request certain information about its handling. In certain situations you may ask us to transfer your Personal Information to another organization directly.
Correction.
If you believe your Personal Information we handle is inaccurate or incomplete, you may ask us to correct or complete it.
Deletion.
In certain situations you may ask to have your Personal Information anonymized or deleted, as appropriate.
Consent Withdrawal.
You may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us regarding the handling of your Personal Information at any time and free of charge. We will apply your preferences going forward. This will not affect the lawfulness of the handling before you withdrew your consent.
You may exercise these rights by submitting a request through our Privacy Request Center at
https://privacy-preferences.cricut.com/
or by contacting us using the contact details at the end of this PIPL Privacy Notice. Note that applicable laws contain certain exceptions and limitations to each of these rights. If we do not grant your rights request, we will explain the reason for doing so. We will also need to verify your identity before you exercise these rights to ensure that your Personal Information is not inappropriately disclosed.
International Data Transfers
We may transfer your Personal Information outside of China when necessary for business or other valid purposes. Personal Information may be transferred to Australia, Egypt, India, Ireland, the Netherlands, New Zealand, and the United States of America. If we do so, we will comply with applicable data protection laws regarding the protection of Personal Information.
Data Security and Data Retention
We use physical, managerial, and technical safeguards that are designed to improve the integrity and security of Personal Information that we collect, maintain, and otherwise handle.
We delete or anonymize your Personal Information when it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which we handle it, unless we are required by law to keep it for a longer period. When determining the retention period, we select the shortest retention period necessary to achieve the purpose of the handling and take into account various criteria, such as the type of products or services provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, mandatory retention periods, and applicable statutes of limitations.
Third-Party Services
Our Services may contain features or links to websites and services provided by third parties. Any information you provide via these websites or services is provided directly to these third-party operators and is subject to their privacy policies, even if accessed through our Services. We encourage you to learn about these third parties’ policies before providing them with your Personal Information.
Changes and Updates to this PIPL Privacy Notice
We may update this PIPL Privacy Noticefrom time to time to reflect changes in our privacy practices. We will follow applicable laws and regulations regarding notification of such changes.
Our Contact Information
Cricut is the entity responsible for the handling of your Personal Information. If you have any questions or comments about this PIPL Privacy Notice, our privacy practices, or if you would like to exercise your rights with respect to your Personal Information, please contact us through our Privacy Request Center at
https://privacy-preferences.cricut.com/
, by email at
privacy@cricut.com
, or by mail at:
Cricut, Inc.
Attn: Legal Counsel - Privacy
10855 S. River Front Parkway
South Jordan, UT 84095
U.S.A.
PIPL 隐 私政策
生效日期: 2025年9月16日
本《个人信息保 护 法》 隐 私通知 （ ”
本通知
” ）适用于由 Cricut, Inc. 及其子公司和附属公司（ ”
Cricut
”、”
我 们
”、”
我 们 的
”
或
”
我们
”） 通 过 其平台和服 务进 行的个人信息 处 理，受中 华 人民共和国（ ”
中国
”， 就本通知而言，不包括香港特 别 行政区、澳 门 特 别 行政区和台湾地区）《个人信息保 护 法》的 约 束 。 本通知描述了我 们 如何收集 、 使用和披露在中国境内使用我 们 平台和服 务 的用 户 （”
用 户
” 、”
您
”
或
”
您的
”）的个人信息，您 对 个人信息的 权 利和 选择 ， 以及如果您有任何问题或疑虑如何联系我们。对于本通知未涉及的内容以及我们在中国境外的一般隐私做法 ， 请参见
https://cricut.com/privacy
上的 Cricut 隐私政策。本通知中未另行定义的任何已定义术语应具有
https://cricut.com/legal
上使用条款中规定的含义 。
我 们 收集的个人信息
在本政策中， “
个人信息
” 是指与已 识 别 或可 识 别 个人有关的任何信息。 我 们 可能会从下述各种来源收集有关您的个人信息。
您提供的信息
帐户 信息。
如果您 创 建 帐户 以使用我 们 的服 务 ，我 们 将通 过该帐户 收集与其 创 建和使用我 们 的服 务 相关的个人信息。注册 时 ，您 或会 向我 们 提供您的姓名、 电 子 邮 件地址、密 码 、手机号 码 、 兴 趣和其他 帐户 信息。
通 讯 。
当您通 过联 系表格、 电 子 邮 件或其他方式与我 们联 系 时 ，您向我 们 提供了个人信息，例如您的姓名和 联 系方式，以及我 们 通信的内容、日期和 时间 。
职业 。
如果您向我 们 申 请 工作，您 或会 向我 们 提供您的 简历 、姓名、 联 系方式和任何其他相关信息。如果您成 为员 工，我 们 可能会收集其他信息，例如您的 紧 急 联 系人、受益人 选择 以及其他用于就 业 、薪 资 和福利目的的相关信息，并且我 们 可能会收集某些敏感的个人信息，例如生物 识 别 数据以 进 行身份 验证 或 金融 信息。
支 援 信息。
当您 请 求技 术 支 援 服 务时 ，我 们 将 处 理您的个人信息，例如您的姓名和您用来 联 系我 们 的 联 系方式，以及有关您 请 求支 援 的原因的信息，以及您在 这 种情况下可能提供的任何其他信息。
上文第 1 节中以英文描述的其他类型的个人信息
在适用的情况下，我 们 可 说 明您是否以及 为 什么必 须 向我 们 提供您的个人信息，以及不 这样 做的后果。 例如，您可能需要披露某些个人信息，以 使 我 们能夠 向您提供服 务 。
我 们 的服 务 不适用于十四（ 14 ）周 岁 以下的未成年人使用 。
从其他来源收集的信息
第三方。
我 们 可能会从第三方 获 取有关您的个人信息，例如身份 验证 服 务 提供商、 营销 和广告合作伙伴、数据分析提供商、推荐或 联 盟合作伙伴、支付 处 理商、支持我 们业务 运 营 的服 务 提供商、活 动 或 竞赛 合作伙伴、社交媒体平台，以及其他 协 助我 们 提供或改 进 我 们 服 务 的 实 体。此外， 对 于 职业 / 就 业 信息，我 们 可能会从背景 调查 公司和招聘机构接收信息。此信息可能包括姓名、 电 子 邮 件地址、 联 系方式、 账户标识 符、交易 详 情、 营销 偏好、分析数据、社交媒体个人 资 料信息、活 动 或 竞赛 参与 详 情，以及其他 类 似信息。 对 于 职业 / 就 业 信息，此信息 还 可能包括就 业 和教育 历 史、背景 调查结 果等 。
我 们 通 过 自 动 化方式收集的信息
社交媒体。
我 们 可能会通 过 社交媒体工具、小部件或插件，以将您 连 接到您的社交媒体 帐户的方式 收集个人信息。 这 些功能可能允 许 您通 过 您的社交媒体 帐户 登 录 、共享 链 接或直接 发 布到您的社交媒体 帐户 。 当您 访问 包含此 类 工具或插件的网站 时 ，社交媒体或其他服 务 提供商可能会 获 悉您的 访问 。 您与 这 些工具的互 动 受相 应 社交媒体平台的 隐 私政策 约 束。
Cookies。
我 们 可能会通 过 cookies 和 类 似技 术 收集个人信息（更多有关 资料 ， 请 参 阅 本政策的第 3 部分）
我 们 如何使用个人信息
我 们 将收集的个人信息用于以下目的：
提供服 务 ，包括运 营 、 维护 、支 援 和提供我 们 的服 务 。
与您沟通，包括出于 行政 目的与您 联 系（例如，提供您 请 求的服 务 和信息或回复 评论 和 问题 ）或向您 发 送 营销 通 讯 ，包括与由我 们 提供 产 品和服 务 相关的促 销 和活 动 的更新。
个性化，包括 为 您定制我 们 的服 务 并向您提供最相关的 营销 和广告材料。
客 户 和供 应 商关系管理，包括跟踪 电 子 邮 件、 电话 以及您作 为 我 们 的客 户 或供 应 商采取的其他行 动 。
汇总 和匿名化。我 们 可能会 汇总 或匿名化个人信息，并将所得信息用于 统计 分析或其他目的。
行政和法律，例如 应对 行政 问题 或捍 卫 我 们 的合法 权 利以及遵守中国法律允 许 的我 们 的法律 义务 和内部政策。
用于上述第 2 节以英文描述的其他目的
处 理个人信息的法律依据
我们依靠多种法律依据来处理您的个人信息，包括 ：
同意。
您可能已同意我 们 使用您的个人信息，例如向您 发 送 电 子 营销 通 讯 或使用某 cookies 您可以随 时 按照本政策第 10 条中的 说 明与我 们联 系以撤回您的同意。
合同。
我 们 需要您的个人信息来 为 您提供我 们 的服 务 并回复您的 询问 。
法律。
我 们 可能有法律 义务 在必要 时处 理您的个人信息，以履行法定 职责 和 责 任或法定 义务 ，例如遵守税 务 和会 计义务 。
公共利益。
我 们 也可能在必要 时处 理您的个人信息，以 应对 突 发 的公共 卫 生事件或保 护 个人的生命和健康，或其 财产 安全，或在 紧 急情况下。
我 们 如何披露个人信息
我 们 可能会在以下情况下披露您的个人信息：
组实 体。
我 们 可能会向我 们 的附属公司和子公司披露有关您的个人信息。
服 务 提供商。
我 们 与第三方合作提供托管、 维护 和支援等服 务 。作 为 向我 们 提供 这 些服 务 的一部分， 这 些第三方可能会 访问 或 处 理您的个人信息，但他 们 禁止 将您的个人信息用于自己的目的。
法律。
我 们 可能会在有必要履行适用法律 规 定的 职责 和 义务时 披露您的个人信息。
公共帖子。
您自愿 选择发 布到我 们 服 务 的可公开 访问 区域的任何信息都将提供 给 有 权 访问该 内容的任何人。
匿名信息。
已匿名化的个人信息不能再与个人相关 联 。我 们 可以出于任何目的使用和披露匿名信息，除非适用法律禁止我 们这样 做。
业务伙伴。
我们可能会与业务伙伴共享您的个人信息，这些伙伴包括营销和广告合作伙伴、数据分析提供商、社交媒体公司、客户关系供应商以及其他相关实体。共享的个人信息可能包括标识符、分析数据、营销偏好、社交媒体个人资料信息、地理位置数据、Cookies、交易和网站流量详情、活动或竞赛参与详情以及其他相关数据。我们与业务伙伴共享个人信息的目的在于提供定向广告和营销、执行数据分析和衡量、改进其自身产品或服务、促成社交媒体整合以及管理联合活动、竞赛或促销等相关目的。
合并。
作 为 任何合并、收 购 、 债务 融 资 、 资产 出售或 类 似交易的一部分，以及在 发 生 资 不抵 债 、破 产 或接管， 我 们 的用家的 信息 (包括个人信息)可能披露或 转 移 給 收 购方 、 继承人或承让人， 其中信息作 为 我 们 的 业务资产 之一 转 移 给 一个或多个第三方。在 这 种情况下，我 们 会通知您个人信息接收者的姓名以及如何 联 系 该 接收者。接收者将 继续 履行本政策中概述的 Cricut, Inc. 的 职责 。如果他 们 使用您的个人信息的方式 发 生任何 变 化，接收者将根据适用法律的 规 定通知您此 类 变 化。
您的 权 利和 选择
根据适用法律的 规 定并受此 类 法律的任何限制，您 拥 有以下 权 利：
访问 和便携性。
您可以要求我 们 向您提供我 们维护 的有关您的个人信息的副本，并要求提供有关其 处 理的某些信息。在某些情况下，您可要求我 们 将您的个人信息直接 转 移到另一个 组织 。
更正。
如果您 认为 我 们处 理的您的个人信息不准确或不完整，您可以要求我 们 更正或 补充 它。
删 除。
在某些情况下，您可 视情况 要求匿名或 删 除您的个人信息。
同意撤回。
您可以随 时 免 费 撤回您之前就 处 理您的个人信息向我 们 提供的任何同意。我 们 将在未来 应 用您的偏好。 这 不会影响您撤回同意前 处 理的合法性。
您可以通 过 使用本政策末尾的 联 系方式与我 们联 系来行使 这 些 权 利。 请 注意，适用法律包含 对这 些 权 利中的每一 项 的某些例外和限制。如果我 们 不同意您的 权 利 请 求，我 们 将解 释这样 做的原因。在您行使 这 些 权 利之前，我 们还 需要 验证 您的身份，以确保您的个人信息不会被不当披露。
国 际 数据 传输
出于 业务 或其他有效目的的需要，我 们 可能会将您的个人信息 转 移到中国境外。 个人信息可能会转移到澳大利亚、埃及、印度、爱尔兰、荷兰、新西兰和美利坚合众国。 如果我 们这样 做，我 们 将遵守有关个人信息保 护 的适用数据保 护 法律。
数据安全和数据保留
我 们 使用物理、管理和技 术 保 护 措施，旨在提高我 们 收集、 维护 和以其他方式 处 理的个人信息的完整性和安全性。
当我 们处 理的目的不再需要您的个人信息 时 ，我 们 会 删 除或匿名化您的个人信息，除非法律要求我 们 将其保留更 长 的 时间 。 在确定保留期限 时 ，我 们选择实现处 理目的所需的最短保留期限，并考 虑 各种 标 准，例如提供 给 您的 产 品或服 务 的 类 型、我 们 与您的关系的性 质 和 长 度、 强 制性 保留期限和适用的 诉讼时 效。
第三方服 务
我 们 的服 务 可能包含第三方提供的网站和服 务 的功能或 链 接。 您通 过这 些网站或服 务 提供的任何信息都直接提供 给这 些第三方运 营 商，并受其 隐 私政策的 约 束，即使通 过 我 们 的服 务访问 也是如此。 我 们 鼓励您在向他 们 提供您的个人信息之前了解 这 些第三方的政策。
本政策的 变 更和更新
我 们 可不 时 更新本政策，以反映我 们隐 私 惯 例的 变 化。 我 们 将遵守有关此 类 变 更通知的适用法律和法 规 。
我 们 的 联 系方式
Cricut, Inc. 是负责处理您的个人信息的实体。如果您对本《个人信息保护法》隐私通知、我们的隐私做法有任何问题或意见，或者如果您想就您的个人信息行使您的权利，请通过我们的隐私请求中心
https://privacy-preferences.cricut.com/
联系我们，发送电子邮件至
privacy@cricut.com
，或邮寄至：
Cricut, Inc.
Attn: Legal Counsel - Privacy
10855 S. River Front Pkwy
South Jordan, UT 84095
U.S.A.
[END OF ADDENDUM 2]
ADDENDUM 3
Cricut Health Privacy Notice
Effective Date: September 16, 2025
Information for Individuals Whose Health Data is Collected in Nevada or Washington
Cricut does not intentionally collect Consumer Health Data (defined below). This Cricut Health Privacy Notice (this “
Health Privacy Notice
”) applies thus to Consumer Health Data and health information you provide while using our Services, and this Health Privacy Notice applies only to individuals whose Consumer Health Data is collected in Nevada or Washington (“
Health Data Subjects
,” or “
you
”). If you are not a resident of Nevada or Washington, this Health Privacy Notice does not apply. Please refer to our main Privacy Policy and other Addenda for information about your rights and privacy options relevant to your jurisdiction. To the extent we unintentionally collect any such Consumer Health Data from Health Data Subjects, our collection is done pursuant to the Washington My Health My Data Act and the Nevada Consumer Health Data Privacy Law (collectively, current “
State Health Privacy Laws
”).
“
Consumer Health Data
” means information that is linked or reasonably linkable to a particular individual and that identifies that individual’s past, present, or future physical or mental health status. However, the following categories of information are not Consumer Health Data:
Publicly available information;
Deidentified data; or
Information otherwise excluded from the scope of State Health Privacy Laws.
This Health Privacy Notice provides the following information to individuals in Nevada and Washington:
Categories of Consumer Health Data we collect
Purposes for which we collect Consumer Health Data
How we use Consumer Health Data to accomplish those purposes
Categories of Consumer Health Data we share
Categories of organizations with whom we share Consumer Health Data
How Health Data Subjects can exercise their rights under State Health Privacy Laws:
The right to access Consumer Health Data
The right to delete Consumer Health Data
The right to withdraw consent for the collection and/or sharing of Consumer Health Data
The right to appeal our decisions on requests to exercise any of these rights.
This Health Privacy Notice does not apply to the information of individuals acting in an employment context, such as job applicants to Cricut, Inc. (“
Cricut
”) or employees or contractors of Cricut.
Categories of Consumer Health Data
The table below outlines the categories of Consumer Health Data Cricut could potentially collect about Health Data Subjects, the purpose for which the different categories are collected, how they are used, and whether they are shared with third parties or our affiliates. We obtain affirmative consent from Health Data Subjects before collecting or sharing their Consumer Health Data when required by law.
We could potentially collect Consumer Health Data from the following sources:
Directly from you
Inferences from your activity using our services
Category of Consumer Health Data:
Physical Health Data
Examples
Physical Health Data may contain the following: information about health conditions, symptoms, diseases, or diagnoses that you choose to include in the content you create, upload, or share on our Services.
Purpose(s)
We do not intentionally collect this data. However, we may process this data if you voluntarily include it in the content you create, upload, or share on our Services. In such cases, we collect and use this data only as necessary to provide the Services you have requested, such as to save your projects, enable you to share your content with others, provide customer support, and maintain and secure our Platform.
Sharing
We may share Physical Health Data with Other Users of our services. We share this type of data as necessary to provide our Services, which includes enabling our vendors to store and process data on our behalf, provide customer support, and maintain and secure our Platform.
We may also share Physical Health Data with our wholly-owned subsidiaries and other affiliates. A list of our subsidiaries and affiliates is available upon request by email to
privacy@cricut.com
.
We share this type of data as necessary to provide our Services, which includes enabling our vendors to store and process data on our behalf, provide customer support, and maintain and secure our Platform.
Category of Consumer Health Data:
Psychological/Behavioral Health Data
Examples
Psychological/Behavioral Health Data may contain the following: information about mental health conditions, symptoms, or diagnoses that you choose to include in the content you create, upload, or share on our Services.
Purpose(s)
We do not intentionally collect this data. However, we may process this data if you voluntarily include it in the content you create, upload, or share on our Services. In such cases, we collect and use this data only as necessary to provide the Services you have requested, such as to save your projects, enable you to share your content with others, provide customer support, and maintain and secure our Platform.
Sharing
We may share Psychological/Behavioral Health Data with Other Users of our services. We share this type of data as necessary to provide our Services, which includes enabling our vendors to store and process data on our behalf, provide customer support, and maintain and secure our Platform.
We may also share Psychological/Behavioral Health Data with our wholly-owned subsidiaries and other affiliates. A list of our subsidiaries and affiliates is available upon request by email to
privacy@cricut.com
.
We share this type of data as necessary to provide our Services, which includes enabling our vendors to store and process data on our behalf, provide customer support, and maintain and secure our Platform.
Category of Consumer Health Data:
Treatment Data
Examples
Treatment Data may contain the following: information about medical treatments or therapies that you choose to include in the content you create, upload, or share on our Services.
Purpose(s)
We do not intentionally collect this data. However, we may process this data if you voluntarily include it in the content you create, upload, or share on our Services. In such cases, we collect and use this data only as necessary to provide the Services you have requested, such as to save your projects, enable you to share your content with others, provide customer support, and maintain and secure our Platform.
Sharing
We may share Treatment Data with Other Users of our services. We share this type of data as necessary to provide our Services, which includes enabling our vendors to store and process data on our behalf, provide customer support, and maintain and secure our Platform.
We may also share Treatment Data with our wholly-owned subsidiaries and other affiliates. A list of our subsidiaries and affiliates is available upon request by email to
privacy@cricut.com
.
We share this type of data as necessary to provide our Services, which includes enabling our vendors to store and process data on our behalf, provide customer support, and maintain and secure our Platform.
Category of Consumer Health Data:
Diagnostic Data
Examples
Diagnostic Data may contain the following: information about health diagnoses or diagnostic testing that you choose to include in the content you create, upload, or share on our Services.
Purpose(s)
We do not intentionally collect this data. However, we may process this data if you voluntarily include it in the content you create, upload, or share on our Services. In such cases, we collect and use this data only as necessary to provide the Services you have requested, such as to save your projects, enable you to share your content with others, provide customer support, and maintain and secure our Platform.
Sharing
We may share Diagnostic Data with Other Users of our services. We share this type of data as necessary to provide our Services, which includes enabling our vendors to store and process data on our behalf, provide customer support, and maintain and secure our Platform.
We may also share Diagnostic Data with our wholly-owned subsidiaries and other affiliates. A list of our subsidiaries and affiliates is available upon request by email to
privacy@cricut.com
.
We share this type of data as necessary to provide our Services, which includes enabling our vendors to store and process data on our behalf, provide customer support, and maintain and secure our Platform.
Category of Consumer Health Data:
Inferences
Examples
Inferences may contain the following: inferences about your health status that could be drawn from the content you create, upload, or share on our Services.
Purpose(s)
We do not intentionally collect or create this data. However, we may process data from which health status could be inferred if you voluntarily include such information in the content you create, upload, or share on our Services. In such cases, we process this data only as necessary to provide the Services you have requested, such as to save your projects, enable you to share your content with others, provide customer support, and maintain and secure our Platform.
Sharing
We may share Inferences with Other Users of our services. We share this type of data as necessary to provide our Services, which includes enabling our vendors to store and process data on our behalf, provide customer support, and maintain and secure our Platform.
We may also share Inferences with our wholly-owned subsidiaries and other affiliates. A list of our subsidiaries and affiliates is available upon request by email to
privacy@cricut.com
.
We share this type of data as necessary to provide our Services, which includes enabling our vendors to store and process data on our behalf, provide customer support, and maintain and secure our Platform.
Exercising Your Health Data Rights
Health Data Subjects have the following rights under State Health Privacy Laws:
The right to access Consumer Health Data
The right to delete Consumer Health Data
The right to withdraw consent for the collection and/or sharing of Consumer Health Data
The right to appeal our decisions on requests to exercise any of these rights
If you are a Health Data Subject, you can submit a request to exercise your rights under State Health Privacy Laws by visiting our online Privacy Request Center at
https://privacy-preferences.cricut.com/
. You may submit a Consumer Health Data rights request, free of charge, up to two (2) times per year.
To protect your privacy, we may need to authenticate your identity before we respond to your rights request. We will verify your identity by sending a verification link to the email address you provide and requiring you to click on the link. If you do not complete the verification process, we may be unable to process your request. Any information you provide to authenticate your identity will only be used to process your rights request and not for any other purpose. Please be aware that we do not accept or process rights requests submitted through other means.
We will respond to your rights request within 45 days, though in certain cases we may inform you that we will need up to another 45 days to act on your request. If we suspect fraudulent or malicious activity, we will delay taking action on your request until we can appropriately verify your identity and the request as authentic. If you believe our response to your rights request is insufficient, you can appeal our decision by submitting an appeal request via the same method used to submit your initial request, and we will inform you of our final decision within 45 days.
We reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee or take other appropriate action in response to requests from a Health Data Subject that are manifestly unfounded, excessive, or repetitive.
Third-Party Collection
We do not knowingly permit third parties to collect Consumer Health Data from you while you are using our Services, except as required or permitted by Applicable Law. If you believe that any unauthorized third-party collection has occurred, please contact us at
privacy@cricut.com
.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Health Privacy Notice, contact us at
privacy@cricut.com
.
[END OF ADDENDUM 3]
[END OF PRIVACY POLICY]
Angel Policy
Effective Date: September 16, 2025 (v3.0.0)
Cricut is pleased that its Users wish to create and sell physical craftwork projects made with the use of our Platform and Services, including using a Cricut Device, the Software, Digital Content, and/or Consumables or other non-Cricut material(s) (“
Finished Projects
”). This Angel Policy (“
Angel Policy
”) provides a limited Permission (defined below) for the approved sale of certain Finished Projects, but not others—namely, only those Finished Projects that fit within the definition of “Your Approved Finished Products” (defined below). Please read this entire Angel Policy carefully to see how it applies to you and the proposed sale of any craftwork projects made with the use of the Platform or Services.
Any person who uses the Platform, Software, Cricut Devices, Consumables, Digital Content, Copyright Materials (defined below), Third-Party Rights (defined below), and/or any other Cricut Services agrees to comply with and be bound by the terms and conditions of this Angel Policy and all applicable Third-Party Rights Restrictions (defined below). As such, this Angel Policy, together with the Cricut Terms of Use, available at
https://cricut.com/legal
(the “
Terms of Use
”), and all documents, policies, and terms incorporated by reference herein and therein constitutes the entire agreement between you and Cricut regarding any attempted, proposed, or actual offer or sale of Your Approved Finished Products, Finished Projects, and/or any other craftwork projects, superseding any prior agreements with respect to the same subject matter between you and Cricut. Any defined terms not otherwise defined in this Angel Policy shall have the meaning set forth in the Terms of Use.
CRICUT SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT TO MODIFY OR TERMINATE THIS ANGEL POLICY AND/OR THE LIMITED PERMISSION GRANTED HEREIN FOR ANY REASON AND AT ANY TIME, IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION, WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE. WE WILL TAKE REASONABLE STEPS TO NOTIFY YOU OF MATERIAL CHANGES (WHICH MAY INCLUDE THOSE SET FORTH IN THE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS BELOW) NOTWITHSTANDING THAT YOU AGREE TO REVIEW THIS ANGEL POLICY AND THE LIMITED PERMISSION GRANTED HEREIN PERIODICALLY TO BE AWARE OF ANY CHANGES OR MODIFICATIONS. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY, YOUR CONTINUED ACCESS OR USE OF THE PLATFORM, SOFTWARE, CRICUT DEVICES, CONSUMABLES, DIGITAL CONTENT, COPYRIGHT MATERIALS, THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS, AND/OR ANY OTHER CRICUT SERVICES CONSTITUTES YOUR ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND AGREEMENT TO ANY SUCH CHANGES OR MODIFICATIONS TO THIS ANGEL POLICY.
Permission:
Subject to the Exclusion set forth below, all applicable Third-Party Rights Restrictions, and all other terms and conditions set forth in this Angel Policy and the Terms of Use, Cricut and its licensors hereby grant you a non-exclusive, limited, revocable permission (“
Permission
”) to sell certain Finished Projects incorporating Copyright Materials, Third-Party Rights, or specific Digital Content, but not others—namely, those specific completed, physical Finished Projects that (I) have been created with multiple Cuts using the Software, a Device, and/or any other compatible device intended to work with the Software (e.g., an inkjet printer, etc.); (II) include Cricut Digital Content, Purchased Digital Content, Subscription Digital Content, and/or Free Digital Content but under no circumstances any Digital Content that is Licensed Digital Content (all such categories of Digital Content, defined in the Terms of Use); (III) are permanently affixed to or incorporated into the combination of Consumables and/or other non-Cricut materials to constitute a new final item; (IV) are made in conformity with this Angel Policy and the Terms of Use; and (V) are sold only in the quantities and in the manner expressly permitted in this Angel Policy (any such Finished Projects that meet all such requirements, “
Your Approved Finished Products
”).
For the sake of clarity, as stated, the Permission extends only to Finished Projects made with multiple Cuts (i.e., not those made with only one Cut) that are made with the following categories of Digital Content, which are the images, art, fonts, and projects available in the Software:
Cricut Digital Content
— i.e., Digital Content that Cricut owns and provides you access to = part of the Angel Policy Permission;
Purchased Digital Content
— i.e., Digital Content that you paid to have access to = the majority of which is part of the Permission; however, any purchased Licensed Digital Content is NOT included (for example, a la carte Design Space purchases and legacy cartridges are included but not paid-for Licensed Digital Content such as Disney or Marvel);
Subscription Digital Content
— i.e., Digital Content made available through the Cricut Access Subscription = part of the Permission; however, any Licensed Digital Content that may be available in the Subscription is NOT included; and
Free Digital Content
— i.e., Digital Content made available to access for free or a given promotional period = part of the Permission; however, any Licensed Digital Content that may be provided for free or on a promotional basis is NOT included.
For the sake of clarity,
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES DOES THE PERMISSION IN THIS ANGEL POLICY INCLUDE ANY LICENSED DIGITAL CONTENT, EVEN IF YOU PAID TO ACCESS AND USE IT
(i.e., Digital Content owned by other licensors, even when you have purchased access to and use it in the Software, is NOT included in the Permission).
A “
Cut
” as used herein shall include each individual completed element of a Device’s physical machine function, such as an individual completed element of cutting, drawing, embossing, etching, engraving, foiling, scoring, or the like, as well as an individual completed element of a compatible device intended to work with the Software (e.g., the “printing” of an individual element from your inkjet printer when using the Software’s “Print Then Cut” feature)—collectively, “Cuts”.
“
Copyright Materials
” as used herein shall mean images, art, fonts, projects, and content that are subject to protection as works of authorship under U.S. or international copyright laws. “Copyright Materials” includes those owned by Cricut or licensed as Third-Party Rights to Cricut but shall not include any copyrighted materials you may own.
“
Third-Party Rights
” as used herein shall mean trademarks, copyrights, and patents owned by third parties other than Cricut made available to Cricut under license (“
licensors
”). Third-Party Rights, when licensed by Cricut or used by you or others, may be subject to Third-Party Rights Restrictions.
“
Third-Party Rights Restrictions
” as used herein shall mean any use restrictions imposed by licensors of Third-Party Rights, as may be set forth in the Terms of Use, or elsewhere in Cricut-provided instructions, user manuals, or other documentation, including those that may be provided by Cricut with the Devices, Consumables, or other Cricut products or services, or on the Website or Cricut SHOPs that make use of such Third-Party Rights.
Examples of “Your Approved Finished Products”
could therefore include
, but are not limited to, completed physical greeting cards, sublimated or iron-on T-shirts, assembled scrapbook pages, decorated apparel, embellished home décor, or personalized drinkware.
However, “
Your Approved Finished Products”
therefore shall not include
any kits, templates, or separate, unassembled cut materials intended for assembly or customization by others, and under no circumstances include any digital versions of craftwork projects (e.g., digital images, digital projects, digital cut files, PDFs, digital flashcards, etc.).
Despite any use of the defined terms “Your” or “Your Approved Finished Products”, the use thereof does not grant, change, or connote any ownership to, or modification or change to, any underlying Intellectual Property Rights with respect to you or any other party.
EXCLUSION:
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, NO FINISHED PROJECTS INCORPORATING ANY ELEMENTS, COPYRIGHT MATERIALS, THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS, OR LICENSED DIGITAL CONTENT OF THE FOLLOWING NAMED LICENSORS MAY BE REPRODUCED OR SOLD IN ANY MANNER REGARDLESS OF THE QUANTITY OR AMOUNT WHATSOEVER:
Hello Kitty® (Sanrio, Inc.);
Marvel® (Marvel Entertainment, LLC);
Peanuts™ (Peanuts Worldwide LLC);
Sesame Street® (Sesame Workshop);
Star Wars® (Lucasfilm Ltd.);
Disney® (Walt Disney Company, Disney Consumer Products, Inc., etc.); or
Warner Bros. (Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc., including all related affiliates, characters, and elements listed in the Website footer which includes without limitation DC Comics);
AS WELL AS:
Any additional licensors that may be added to the aforementioned list, shown in the footer of the Website, and/or may be otherwise tagged, filtered, or shown as a “Brand” or “Licensed” on the Digital Content or in the Software;
Any Digital Content provided through the “Cricut Contributing Artist Program” (often emphasized with the following icon:
);
Any Digital Content that contains CRICUT trademarks or pictorial or other digital representations of Cricut Devices or products (e.g., Digital Content depicting a Cricut cutting machine, that has the word or logo “CRICUT” in it, or other Cricut trademarks such as the “Cricut Cutie”); and
Any and all Digital Content containing AI Output or that was created by AI-powered Features (including “Create AI” features in Design Space).
Any person who uses Copyright Materials or Third-Party Rights pursuant to this Permission agrees to comply with and be bound by the terms and conditions in this Angel Policy and all applicable Third-Party Rights Restrictions. No individual “cuts” of Copyright Materials made by or with the Platform, may be sold.
Additional Terms and Conditions:
All Copyright Materials and Third-Party Rights are protected under applicable United States or international copyright, trademark and patent laws, which means that they cannot be copied or incorporated into any Finished Projects or other craftwork projects and sold to others without the written permission of Cricut or its licensors. The Permission set forth above constitutes Cricut and its licensors’ written permission for these purposes, but only with respect to Your Approved Finished Products sold in conformity with this Angel Policy and the Terms of Use, including the prohibition on Mass Production (see below).
Mass Production of any Finished Projects incorporating Copyright Materials or Third-Party Rights (even including Your Approved Finished Products) is
strictly prohibited
, whereas “
Mass Production
” as used herein shall mean any of the following: (a) production of Your Approved Finished Products in quantities of more than ten thousand (10,000) per year in the aggregate; (b) production by more than one person in an assembly line fashion; (c) production by a person other than the individual who created the original Finished Projects or by a member of his/her/their family; or (d) any industrial production or other production in a factory.
Other than the Required Copyright Disclaimer (defined below), this Angel Policy does not otherwise permit any use of Cricut’s Intellectual Property Rights or Cricut’s Proprietary Materials (both defined in the Terms of Use) on, in, or accompanying any craftwork projects. Likewise, Cricut’s Intellectual Property Rights and Proprietary Materials shall not be used at any location where craftwork projects are sold, nor may they be used in any manner to advertise or promote persons, businesses, projects, or other items in a manner that states, suggests or implies an endorsement or sponsorship by, or affiliation with Cricut. As such, this Paragraph, for example, prohibits you from selling craftwork projects with Cricut trademarks including our name or logo on physical signage (e.g., using our name or logo in conjunction with your craft fair booth), on any websites, digital marketplaces (e.g., Etsy), social media, or the like.
Use of Copyright Materials and/or Third-Party Rights for the purpose of creating logos, trademarks, trade names, trade dress, labels, tags or packaging for a person or entity (e.g., a new company logo, trademark, product trademark, product packaging, etc.) is
strictly prohibited
.
Each of Your Approved Finished Products that incorporates any Copyright Materials and/or Third-Party Rights must be conspicuously marked with a visible disclaimer reading “Includes Copyright Materials of Cricut” in a reasonable size and location on every such product, or on tags or labels affixed to such products (the “
Required Copyright Disclaimer
”).
Copyright Materials may not be altered in any manner, including without limitation, copyright notices, or the like. Any such alteration may be considered an infringement of copyright. Cricut expressly reserves all moral rights in its Copyright Materials.
If you offer or sell any of Your Approved Finished Products (or if you attempt to offer or sell any Finished Projects), you understand, acknowledge, and agree that you are solely responsible for complying with this Angel Policy and the Terms of Use, and any and all Applicable Law, including Export Laws.
You acknowledge and agree that in the event that you create and/or sell any of Your Approved Finished Products (or Finished Projects), you shall assume all liability and responsibility of the same and for any claim or dispute arising from or related to the offer, sale, distribution, shipping, or use of any of Your Approved Finished Products or Finished Projects, and you further agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Cricut and holders of any Third Party Rights from disputes, claims, damages, costs, or expenses arising or related thereto.
Any person including you who offers or sells any of Your Approved Finished Products (or attempts to offer or sell any Finished Projects) pursuant to this Angel Policy expressly agrees to be subject to the governing law and exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts set forth in the Terms of Use.
Cricut may modify, change, or terminate this Angel Policy at any time, with or without notice. Any modifications or terminations of this Angel Policy or the Terms of Use will be either posted on the Website, or by way or writing to notify affected persons, or both. Any modification or termination posted on the Website and/or given in writing (including by email), shall be deemed effective and binding immediately. Upon any termination of this Angel Policy, all reproduction, copying, sales, distribution, advertising, and/or marketing of any craftwork projects incorporating Copyright Materials or Third-Party Rights (including Your Approved Finished Products) shall immediately cease. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, under no circumstances shall the Permission survive such modification or termination, and no continued use is permitted for Your Approved Finished Products regardless of whether you have already-completed or in-process craftwork projects, inventory, designs, or prior approvals; you are not grandfathered in. The Permission is non-exclusive, fully revocable, and used at your own risk at all times.
Any failure by Cricut to enforce any of its rights or any Third-Party Rights will not constitute a waiver of such rights. If any provision of this Angel Policy is found to be illegal, void, or unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from this Angel Policy and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions of this Angel Policy.
For more information about using Copyright Materials or any Third-Party Rights, or if you have any questions regarding this Angel Policy, please contact us at
copyright@cricut.com
.
[END OF ANGEL POLICY]
Angel Policy FAQs
Can I sell my crafts made with my Cricut cutting machine?
Yes. Our products and offerings are designed for personal use, but the Angel Policy is an additional benefit we provide to those Users who wish to sell their creations. We believe the Angel Policy is the most generous policy in our industry. The Angel Policy authorizes you to sell up to 10,000 completed craftwork projects per year made using multiple Cuts on your Cricut Device and incorporated into a new complete, final product. It does not, however, authorize you to produce and sell any craftwork projects that incorporate Licensed Digital Content or any craftwork projects made from a single Cut using your Cricut Device, whether an unassembled kit or an assembled product. So, mass producing individually cut letters, shapes, stickers, or the like to resell is not permitted.
Do I have to include a copyright notice on items I am selling? What if there is not enough room?
Each one of Your Approved Finished Products that incorporates any Copyright Materials or Third Party Rights that is eligible for sale under the Angel Policy must be conspicuously marked with the disclaimer reading: “
Includes Copyright Materials of Cricut
.” This disclaimer should be placed in a reasonable size and location on the products themselves, but if the product is too small or cumbersome to include the required disclaimer, then you must use tags, labels, or cards with the required disclaimer affixed to each such product.
Can I cut fabric and letters and images from Cricut for appliques on clothing to sell?
Yes, provided you comply with the terms of the Angel Policy.
Can I sell items that have been embellished with iron-on or vinyl “Create AI” images I made inside Design Space?
No, any Finished Projects you make or embellish with AI-powered Features such as Design Space’s new “Create AI” beta feature are not a part of the Angel Policy Permission, and therefore are not eligible for sale.
Can I make a poster designed with images from Cricut for a company event?
Yes, provided you comply with the terms of the Angel Policy.
Can I create projects with Disney® content if I’m not selling it for profit but only giving it away at a charity event?
No. The Angel Policy does not authorize you to sell craftwork projects that incorporate licensed content, including from licensors like Disney®, Hello Kitty®, Marvel®, Peanuts™, Sesame Street®, Star Wars®, and Warner Bros. Entertainment, among others; and while a charity event may not be seen as “selling”, the fact that it would be used in the raising of and payment of funds, our licensed content does not allow for that type of use case.
Can I sell sheets of stickers made with images in Design Space®?
No. Sheets of stickers are considered multiple individual “cuts”, so the Angel Policy does not authorize you to produce and sell individual stickers or sheets of stickers using images or content in Design Space. However, the Angel Policy does allow you to sell stickers if they have been adhered to a completed project that would constitute a new item such as drinkware adorned with stickers.
How do I know which images/fonts I can use to create completed Finished Projects to sell as Approved Finished Products?
Except for Licensed Digital Content (including those listed above), Cricut Contributing Artist Program
content, or content that contains Cricut trademarks or products, all other Digital Content is generally a part of the Angel Policy Permission. This would include any of the images that make up our legacy
Cricut Image Library Subscription
or the Digital Content specifically marked with the Cricut Access
icon
only
and nothing else. Be aware that all other forms of Digital Content or User Content may be licensed content subject to Third-Party Rights Restrictions. We have created the table below to better provide you with illustrative guidance in this area; however, the actual legal terms of the Angel Policy control:
Digital Content WITHIN Angel Policy Permission,
thus eligible to be used in Your Approved Finished Products you can sell (but
not
for Mass Production)
Digital Content EXCLUDED from Angel Policy Permission,
thus not eligible to be used in any Finished Projects or craftwork projects you can sell.
✅ Free Images (no icons shown)
❌ Licensed Digital Content (shown with corresponding Brand icon)
✅ Cricut Access Images (shows Cricut Access “a” icon only)
❌ All Digital Content from the Cricut Contributing Artist Program (marked with the purple CAP icon)
✅ Cricut Access Fonts (shows Cricut Access “a” icon only)
❌ Licensed Digital Content Fonts (shown with corresponding Brand icon)
❌ Digital Content containing CRICUT trademarks or pictorial representations of Cricut Devices
❌ Any and all “Create AI” Digital Content, regardless if newly generated or previously saved to your Account
If I create my own designs and upload them into Design Space, will you make my designs available to other users?
Any project made with Your Uploaded Digital Content is by default saved as “private” and the Software does not allow other Users with the ability to make derivative copies of it; however, if saved as a visible project on your Profile, it may be available for the read-only access and viewing of others.
Can I sell individual die cuts of Cricut images?
No. The Angel Policy authorizes you to sell up to 10,000 finished craftwork projects per year made using multiple “cuts” and your Cricut Device. It does not, however, authorize you to produce and sell craftwork projects made with individual, unassembled or assembled “cuts” using your Cricut Device (i.e., mass producing individually cut letters or shapes to resell is not permitted).
Does the sale of 10,000 of Your Approved Finished Products mean of the same item or 10,000 of each type of item?
The number 10,000 is the total aggregate number of all of Your Approved Finished Products sold in a given year. Keep in mind that any Mass Production of craftwork projects incorporating Copyright Materials or Third-Party Rights is strictly prohibited (of any quantity or amount) as specifically set forth in the Angel Policy.
Can I report potential copyright violators?
Yes. We appreciate our consumers’ assistance in helping us to protect the Intellectual Property Rights and livelihood of the artists whose work we license. Please feel free to send potentially infringing activities by way of our
Claims of Infringement Policy
.
Is it prohibited to sell finished craftwork projects which incorporate the use of your legacy “embossing folders”?
You can incorporate artwork from embossing folders in your Finished Projects to sell as Your Approved Finished Products as long as they comply with the provisions of the Angel Policy. Keep in mind that there are certain embossing folders that will always be excluded from the Angel Policy because they are licensed content including, for example, Disney and Sesame Street.
How can I get written permission to use licensed content since it is not included in your Angel Policy without written permission?
Cricut is not permitted to provide any contact information other than perhaps the names of a given third-party artist. If you wish to then pursue permission from them or from any artist to use their artwork, you would need to find contact details and contact them directly, possibly seeking and utilizing your own legal counsel to do so.
What is your policy on
where
I can sell [My] Approved Finished Products? Can I sell things in a retail store?
The Angel Policy currently does not have any channel restrictions on
where
you can sell Your Approved Finished Products. Neither the Angel Policy nor these FAQs constitutes legal advice, and it is your responsibility to comply with all Applicable Law and any specific laws, regulations, and/or policies of your selected locations, channels, and storefronts.
Cricut SHOP Policies
Effective Date: September 16, 2025 (v3.0.0)
Whenever you purchase products or services from a Cricut SHOP the applicable Cricut SHOP Policy(ies) for the given region shall apply, together with the Cricut Terms of Use available at
https://cricut.com/legal
. The following “
Cricut SHOP Policies
” apply to this Cricut SHOP:
SALES POLICY
Cricut’s SHOP Policy is to sell Cricut products and services only on Cricut.com and through Cricut authorized online resellers only. No person or business is authorized in these regions to sell Cricut products or services without express authorization from Cricut, whether on websites, online marketplaces like Amazon/eBay/Walmart.com/etc., or anywhere else on the Internet. These Cricut Authorized Resellers have access to the Cricut line of products and are able to answer or direct you to the right answers for most product and warranty questions - however, you can also contact us at anytime. Purchasing Cricut products or services through an authorized reseller means that you will receive:
A Cricut manufacturer warranty (for corded products) – please visit
https://cricut.com/warranty
for more details;
Cricut’s Satisfaction Guarantee (for all other Cricut products – only available in the U.S. and Canada) -
click here
for more details on our Satisfaction Guarantee program;
Cricut Member Care support and assistance to help and assist you with product selections, questions, or concerns; and
Quality products and excellent value for your money.
SHIPPING POLICY
Cricut makes no guarantees with respect to shipping times - generally speaking, when shopping on the Cricut SHOP, please allow 7-12 days for delivery.
Cricut does not ship to U.S. Territories (U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, Saipan, Midway Islands, American Samoa, and Federated States of Micronesia) and does not ship to certain other regions – see checkout for details.
Not all items are available for purchase in all states or countries.
CANCELLATIONS
Our Cricut SHOP does not allow for any self-service options to cancel an order after it has already been completed. If you would like to request a cancellation of an order, please contact
Cricut Member Care immediately
after your order has been placed, and we can discuss your options. We make no guarantees that a cancellation is possible or that your cancellation request will be granted. We do not offer cancellations on any Digital Content, legacy Cricut Cartridge purchases, or products marked as clearance, or on products that we no longer sell.
If you would like to cancel your purchase of a Cricut Access Subscription Plan, you can cancel at any time by visiting the “Subscriptions” section of the Website’s “My Account” page or by clicking
here
; however no refunds for Subscription payments will be issued. Please see the
Cricut Access Terms
for more details.
RETURN POLICY: GENERAL RETURNS
Orders from Authorized Resellers:
When purchasing Cricut products from a Cricut Authorized Reseller, other than for issues related to Warranty & Defective Returns (see below), please contact the Authorized Reseller you purchased from in order to discuss return options pursuant to their applicable return policy.
Orders from Cricut.com:
Cricut does not have a Free Returns policy. Other than Warranty Returns (see below),
all other return requests REQUIRE that you initiate contact with Cricut Member Care
within five (5) days of the documented receipt of your order to request a return
. Returns remain subject to our reasonable discretion.
To request a general return on a Cricut.com order please follow the following steps:
Contact Cricut Member Care by chatting through our Website, following the
“Contact Us” links
, or
clicking here
to locate a toll-free number.
Once connected with Cricut Member Care, they will determine your return options with you.
A Cricut-issued “RMA number” is required before returning any products. Any return without a Cricut-issued RMA will not be accepted.
After receiving a Cricut-issued RMA, your returns must be shipped to and received by Cricut within fourteen (14) days of our RMA issuance.
All returns must be received by Cricut in unused, good, saleable condition and in their original, unopened packaging.
Other than for Warranty or Defective Returns (see below), all shipping costs for returns are the customer’s responsibility.
Under no circumstances do we offer returns on any Digital Content, legacy Cricut Cartridge purchases, products marked as clearance, or on products that we no longer sell. For information on how to cancel your Cricut Access Subscription, see “Cancellations” section above, or visit the
Cricut Access Terms
for more details.
RETURN POLICY: WARRANTY & DEFECTIVE RETURNS
Warranty & Defective:
In the event you received damaged or defective product(s), or otherwise have a Warranty claim, please
contact the Cricut Member Care team
to initiate a Warranty Claim (for corded products).
Satisfaction Guarantee claim (U.S. and Canada only):
For Cricut products not covered by one of our limited warranties, in the United States and Canada only, we offer a limited Satisfaction Guarantee. Please
click here
for more details or contact us to discuss available options.
Wrong Items Delivered:
In the unlikely event you were delivered the wrong product(s), we are happy to assist you. It is our general policy to cover the costs of return shipping arrangements depending on the circumstances.  Please
contact us
to discuss the details.
[END OF SHOP POLICIES]
Cricut Access Terms
Effective Date: September 16, 2025 (v3.0.0)
Cricut offers certain perks, features, benefits, and discounts on its Platform, in the Software, and in connection with its Services through a branded paid subscription experience (“
Subscription
”) known as Cricut Access™ (“
Cricut Access
”). When you have an active Cricut Access Subscription, you can access and use Subscription Digital Content without the need to purchase the majority of Purchased Digital Content a la carte, as well as unlock certain Platform features and Website offerings made exclusively to Cricut Access Users as explained herein (collectively, the Subscription “
Benefits
”). You understand, acknowledge, and agree that any activating, joining a Free Trial of, purchasing, renewing, upgrading, or otherwise accessing or using (hereinafter, collectively “
subscribing
”) a Subscription will be governed by these Cricut Access Terms (“
Cricut Access Terms
”), the Cricut Terms of Use available at
https://cricut.com/legal
(“
Terms of Use
”) of which these Cricut Access Terms are a part, and all documents, policies, and terms incorporated by reference herein and therein. Any defined terms not otherwise defined in these Cricut Access Terms shall have the meanings set forth in the Terms of Use.
NOTE:
You can cancel your Subscription to Cricut Access at any time by visiting the "Subscriptions” section of the Website’s “My Account” page or by clicking
here
. If you subscribed to Cricut Access Subscription through a third-party site or service, including those that may be available on Your Mobile Device such as the Apple App Store or Google Play, your Subscription is managed through that specific Payment Method and not through Cricut, and as such, you must cancel your Subscription through the account or login you have with said third-party site or service provider. (Click
here
for information on Apple App Store subscriptions, or click
here
for information on Google Play subscriptions).
Subscription Plan; Modifications.
In order to subscribe to Cricut Access, you must enter into a paid periodic subscription plan with Cricut, the price, Benefits, and scope of which shall be determined by the subscription plan and account type you select (each, a “
Subscription Plan
”). The details about each Subscription Plan offered by Cricut and related Benefits are set forth at
https://cricut.com/plans
(the “
Plans Page
”), which may change from time to time in our sole discretion. Descriptions or summaries of Subscription Plans may also be referenced on various sections of our Website(s), on Cricut SHOP(s), the “Cricut Access” Software settings, purchase or checkout settings in the Software, on Your Desktop Computer or Your Mobile Device (e.g., including if you choose to subscribe via the Apple App Store or Google Play), or in advertisements we show in e-mails, on the Website, or in the Software, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of any conflict by and between any said descriptions, summaries, or locations, these Cricut Access Terms and the Plans Page shall always govern. Subject to applicable law, we reserve the right to modify, terminate, or otherwise amend these Cricut ACCESS TERMS, the terms of use, the Subscription, Subscription Plans, BENEFITS, and/or the Plans Page at any time with or without notice. We will take reasonable steps to notify you of such changes but you agree to review these Cricut Access Terms, your Subscription, and the Plans Page periodically to be aware of any changes or modifications. Your continued access or use of the Platform, a Subscription, a Subscription Plan, or any Benefits shall constitute your acknowledgement and agreement to any such changes.
Paid Subscription vs. Free Trials.
You may choose to subscribe to a Cricut Access Subscription Plan by paying immediately, or we may provide an offer for you to subscribe by way of a limited free trial (“
Free Trial
”). The parameters and length of any such Free Trial will be shown during the applicable Subscription and Free Trial checkout process. We reserve the right, in our sole absolute discretion, to determine your or any User’s eligibility for a Free Trial and to withdraw or to modify your Free Trial at any time with or without prior notice and without liability. Similarly, eligibility for a Free Trial may also be subject to certain parameters set by third-party sites, third-party Payment Methods, and/or third-party services through which you subscribe to Cricut Access. For example, third parties such as Klarna, Apple App Store, or Google Play may impose their own criteria or parameters for Free Trial eligibility such as your account status with the applicable third-party and whether you have previously subscribed to a Free Trial. Where a Payment Method is required for a Free Trial, we will not process your Payment Method for the Payment of Subscription Fees (defined below) during the Free Trial, however, a nominal payment authorization may appear on your Payment Method as further discussed in the Payment sections of the Terms of Use. Upon the conclusion of a Free Trial, we will convert your Free Trial into a paid Subscription Plan and charge your Payment Method for the applicable Subscription Fees immediately (the “
Free Trial Conversion Date
”) and on each applicable Renewal Date (defined below) thereafter unless cancelled. Beginning with any Free Trial, and from the Free Trial Conversion Date moving forward, the automatic renewal provisions set forth in these Cricut Access Terms and the Terms of Use will apply. Upon any cancellation of your Free Trial, your access to and use of Cricut Access, the Subscription, and all related Benefits will terminate immediately. As a Free Trial Cricut Access User, you acknowledge and agree that your access and use to Cricut Access, the Software, and the greater Platform and Services is subject to these Cricut Access Terms and the Terms of Use.
Subscription Fees.
By subscribing to Cricut Access, you authorize us to charge your Payment Method or Backup Payment Method, as applicable, in an amount equal to the then current fees for your selected Subscription Plan and billing period (upfront, monthly, or yearly), as set forth in the Plan Page (“
Subscription Fees
”) on each Billing Date (defined below). You acknowledge and understand that the amount of the Subscription Fees charged, whether immediately upon purchase, on the Free Trial Conversion Date, or any Renewal Date, may vary for reasons that include the length of a Free Trial, applicable Taxes or currency, your country or region, modifications you make to your Subscription Plan (e.g., upgrading from a monthly Subscription to a yearly Subscription or “pausing” your Subscription for a prescribed period of time), the bundling of a Subscription with a Device or other Cricut SHOP purchases, and/or changes to the Subscriptions Fees listed on the Plans Page, or applicable credits, promotions, or discounts, and you authorize us to charge your Payment Method for such varying amounts, which may be billed upfront, monthly, or yearly, as applicable, in one or more charges. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, any changes in the amount of the Subscription Fees will take effect on your next applicable Renewal Date. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, Cricut reserves the right to adjust the current rate and cost of Subscription Fees for a given Subscription Plan, including due to the above variations, in any manner and at any time as we may determine in our sole and absolute discretion.
AUTOMATIC RENEWAL. WHEN YOU SUBSCRIBE TO CRICUT ACCESS OR A SUBSCRIPTION PLAN, YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT (I) CRICUT IS AUTHORIZED TO CHARGE YOUR PAYMENT METHOD (OR BACKUP PAYMENT METHOD, AS APPLICABLE) IMMEDIATELY UPON PURCHASE, ON THE FREE TRIAL CONVERSION DATE, AND/OR ALL APPLICABLE RENEWAL DATES FOR THE THEN APPLICABLE SUBSCRIPTION FEES UNTIL YOU CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTION, AND (II) THE AUTOMATIC RENEWAL OF YOUR SUBSCRIPTION AND SUBSCRIPTION PLAN SHALL CONTINUE UNTIL YOU CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTION OR WE SUSPEND OR STOP PROVIDING YOU ACCESS TO AND USE OF CRICUT ACCESS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THESE CRICUT ACCESS TERMS AND/OR THE TERMS OF USE.
Billing Date.
By providing a Payment Method while subscribing to Cricut Access, you authorize us to charge your Payment Method (or a Backup Payment Method, as applicable) for the Subscription Fees immediately upon purchase, on the Free Trial Conversion Date, and/or any Renewal Date depending on selections you made during the applicable Subscription or Free Trial checkout process (the applicable “
Billing Date
”). Unless you (i) cancel your Subscription, (ii) you “pause” your Subscription/Subscription Plan, or (iii) your Subscription and/or Account is otherwise terminated pursuant to these Cricut Access Terms or the Terms of Use, your Subscription Plan will automatically renew, and you will be charged the applicable Subscription Fees on each Renewal Date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Cricut Access Terms, the specific time of day for a given “Billing Date” may vary slightly due to ESP configuration needs (i.e., in order to setup recurring charges with a given Payment Method, you may be charged up to twenty-four (24) hours prior to the start of your next applicable Subscription period or when we charges are initiated on weekends or holidays, they may not be effected until the following business day). As used herein, the term “
Renewal Date
” (sometimes referred on the Website or in the Software as “
Next Billing
”) refers to that specific date that is the start of your next applicable Subscription period. Your Renewal Date can be verified at any time by visiting the “Subscriptions” section of the Website’s “My Account” page or by clicking
here
. Notwithstanding, we reserve the right, but shall not have the obligation, to change your specific Renewal Date if (i) we are unable to settle the charge on the originally-scheduled Renewal Date, such as if your Payment Method declines, fails, has insufficient funds, or is otherwise unavailable, (ii) your Payment Method declines, fails, has insufficient funds, or is otherwise unavailable and we resort to the use of a Backup Payment Method stored in your Account, (iii) you make modifications to your Subscription Plan (e.g., you choose to upgrade from a monthly Subscription to a yearly Subscription, or you choose to “pause” your Subscription for a prescribed period of time if such feature is offered to you or made available by us), or (iv) ESP or Payment Method issues arise outside of our control. We will take reasonable steps to notify you of changes to your Renewal Date. You agree to review your Subscription and corresponding Renewal Date periodically by visiting the “Subscriptions” section of the Website’s “My Account” page or by clicking
here
. IF YOU wish to cancel your Subscription, you must do so pursuant to these Cricut Access Terms. ALL PAYMENTS OF SUBSCRIPTION FEES AND RELATED COSTS AND CHARGES DESCRIBED HEREIN ARE NONREFUNDABLE. THERE ARE NO CREDITS OR REFUNDS FOR PARTIALLY USED SUBSCRIPTION PERIODS.
Subscription Cancellation.
You can cancel your Subscription at any time by visiting the Subscriptions section of the Website’s “My Account” page (or by clicking
here
) and following the cancellation instructions. Alternatively, you can also contact our Cricut Member Care Team for help with your cancellation by visiting
https://cricut.com/contact
or calling +1 (877) 727 4288 (additional regional toll-free phone numbers available
here
). If you subscribed to the Cricut Access Subscription through a third-party site or service, including those that may be available on Your Mobile Device such as through the Apple App Store or Google Play, your Subscription is managed through that specific Payment Method and not through Cricut, and as such, you must cancel your Subscription through the account or login you have with said third-party site or service provider—click
here
for information on Apple App Store subscriptions, or click
here
for information on Google Play subscriptions. To ensure that you are not charged, we recommend canceling your Subscription at least twenty-four (24) hours in advance of your Free Trial Conversion Date or your Renewal Date, as applicable. So long as you cancel your Subscription before your Trial Conversion Date or Renewal Date, you may contact us to request a refund for any Subscription Fees charged to you following cancellation of your Subscription. Other than the cancellation of a Free Trial, if you elect to cancel your Subscription, you will continue to have access to Cricut Access through the end of your current Subscription period (i.e., the remainder of the paid month or year, as applicable).
Termination.
In the event that the Payment of your Subscription Fees is not settled, due to your Payment Method declining, failing, having insufficient funds, or being otherwise unavailable, we may choose to retry charging said Payment Method until settled (including doing so without extending your Renewal Date), charge your Backup Payment Method(s), or choose to cancel your Subscription, without notice to you. If you violate any of the terms or conditions of these Cricut Access Terms or the Terms of Use, your Subscription and all related Benefits are subject to automatic termination without notice from us, and Cricut may, in its discretion, immediately revoke your access to or use of your Account, the Software, Digital Content, Subscription, or Services, with or without notice to you. In such event, Cricut shall have the right, without notice to you, to automatically discontinue your access to any or all Digital Content and Cricut Access.
General.
In the event of any inconsistency between these Cricut Access Terms and the Terms of Use, or between any applicable additional third-party terms and conditions, these Cricut Access Terms shall govern.
[END OF CRICUT ACCESS TERMS]
Cricut
®
Virtual Patent Marking
The Cricut® products listed in the below PDF are covered by one or more patents and/or published patent applications both in the United States and other countries.
This is a non-exhaustive list and is intended to serve as notice under 35 U.S.C. § 287 and satisfies any virtual patent marking provisions of various jurisdictions, including United States law.
Cricut® Patents and Published Patent Applications List
Claims of Intellectual Property Rights Infringement Policy
Effective Date: September 16, 2025 (v3.0.0)
Cricut respects the Intellectual Property Rights of others and we expect our Users to do the same. This Claims of Intellectual Property Rights Infringement Policy (this "
Claims of Infringement Policy
") outlines our process and procedure to address any alleged infringement of third-party Intellectual Property Rights, including pursuant to the Digital Millenium Copyright Act ("
DMCA
"). The Cricut Terms of Use available at
https://cricut.com/legal
(the "
Terms of Use
") which governs all User Content and Digital Content on the Platform makes very clear that any User who Posts, creates, or uploads User Content represents and warrants that they "have all necessary Intellectual Property Rights, licenses, clearances, permissions, and/or rights to provide or Post such User Content ... and will not infringe or misappropriate any third-party rights". Any defined terms not otherwise defined in this Claims of Infringement Policy shall have the meaning set forth in the Terms of Use.
Therefore, if you are a copyright or trademark owner, or an authorized agent thereof, and believe that any User Content, Digital Content, or other content on the Cricut Platform or made available through our Services infringes your Intellectual Property Rights, please report the alleged infringing content promptly to us by following one of the methods summarized below.
NOTE:
Before reporting any Intellectual Property Rights infringement, please read this Claims of Infringement Policy and the Terms of Use and ensure that the content you are reporting is in fact infringing your copyright or trademark rights. Please do not abuse our Claims of Infringement Policy process or make false claims. Submitting an infringement notice is a legal process and false claims may have legal and financial consequences. So, before submitting an infringement notice, make sure you have a good faith belief that the content being reported is in fact infringing, including consideration of "fair use", and that you understand the repercussions of submitting a false report.
To report Intellectual Property Rights infringement, follow one of these methods:
Report the alleged infringing content inside our Platform through the "Report" Software flag as depicted below:
Submit an electronic "Notice of Infringement Form" further explained below;
or
Submit a manual, written copyright notice pursuant to the DMCA Procedure outlined below.
We will respond to reported forms of alleged infringement, where appropriate, which may include disabling or removing access to the reported content on the Cricut Platform and/or in the Software. If we disable or remove access to content in response to a notice of infringement, we may notify the relevant persons/parties so they have the opportunity to send a counter-notice. We may also send a complete copy of the report and notice to others, as appropriate.
Submit a Notice of Infringement Form
To report alleged infringement of your Intellectual Property Rights, just fill out our Notice of Infringement form by clicking the button below.
Notice of Infringement Form
Copyright Notice: DMCA Procedure
If you'd prefer not to use the Notice of Infringement form, you can alternatively provide a written copyright notice ("
DMCA Copyright Notice
") pursuant to the DMCA, which requires you send all of the following information in writing (
see
17 U.S.C §512(c)(3)) to our designated Copyright Agent (details below):
information reasonably sufficient to permit Cricut to contact you, such as a name, address, telephone number, and email address;
identification of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
Listing the location, specific URLs, screenshots, and text of
your
copyrighted work is helpful in assisting us in locating your material.
identification of the User Content, Digital Content, or other content on the Cricut Platform or made available through our Service that you claim to be infringing and where it is located;
Listing the locations, specific URLs, screenshots, and text of
the content maintained by Cricut
is helpful in assisting us in locating the alleged infringing content.
a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the content in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner;
and
a physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or the person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
Send your fully-completed DMCA Copyright Notice to Cricut's designated Copyright Agent:
Cricut, Inc.,
Attn: Copyright Agent,
10855 South River Front Parkway, Suite 400,
South Jordan, Utah U.S.A. 84095;
email:
DMCA_Agent@cricut.com
fax: +1 801-446-8407
You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements of this Section DMCA Procedure, that your DMCA Copyright Notice may not be valid. Only DMCA Copyright Notices should go to the Copyright Agent; all other feedback, comments, and support should be directed elsewhere as explained below.
UNDER FEDERAL LAW, IF YOU KNOWINGLY MISREPRESENT THAT CONTENT IS INFRINGING, YOU MAY BE SUBJECT TO CRIMINAL PROSECUTION FOR PERJURY AND CIVIL PENALTIES, INCLUDING MONETARY DAMAGES, COURT COSTS, AND ATTORNEYS' FEES.
The above Copyright Agent contact information should be used for DMCA Copyright Notices
only
. If you need to get in touch with us for any other reason, including reporting infringement concerns involving the intellectual property rights of others, please visit our
Help Center
or keep reading below.
Counter-Notice: What if my content is removed based on an infringement report?
If you believe that your User Content was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or that you have the authorization from the applicable copyright or trademark owner(s), the copyright owner's agent, or pursuant to the law, to post and use the content in your User Content, you may send a counter-notice ("
DMCA Counter-Notice
") containing the following information to the Copyright Agent (contact information above):
your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
identification of the content that has been removed or disabled and where on the Platform, in the Software, or through our Services the content appeared before it was removed or disabled;
a statement that (i) you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal court of the address where you are located (or Salt Lake City, Utah, if your address is outside the United States), and (ii) you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement or an agent of such person;
An example would be:" I consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court with jurisdiction in [person's city and state of residence or "Salt Lake City, Utah"], and I will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of infringement or an agent of such person.";
a statement under penalty of perjury that the you have a good faith belief that the content in question was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the content to be removed or disabled;
and
An example would be " I swear, under penalty of perjury, that I have a good faith belief that the content identified by the complainant was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake, or misidentification of the content to be removed or disabled " or " I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the content identified by the complainant has been removed or disabled at the URL identified and will no longer be shown "
your physical or electronic signature.
If a DMCA Counter-Notice is received by the Copyright Agent, Cricut may send a copy to the original complaining party informing that person that Cricut may replace the removed content or cease disabling it in ten (10) business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider or User, the removed Content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in ten (10) to fourteen (14) business days or more after receipt of the DMCA Counter-Notice, at Cricut's sole discretion.
Still have Intellectual Property questions / concerns?
All other questions, requests, feedback, or communication regarding other Intellectual Property Rights concerns should be directed to Cricut's Legal Team at
copyright@cricut.com
or by contacting Cricut Member Care by visiting our Help Center at
https://help.cricut.com
.
Business to Business Terms and Conditions
Effective Date: September 16, 2025 (v3.0.0)
CRICUT SALES ORDER TERMS
PURCHASE ORDER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Unless a duly-executed written agreement exists (“
Existing Agreement
”) between you and Cricut, Inc. (“
Cricut
”, “
we
”, “
our
”, or “
us
”) for the sale and purchase of Cricut products, or for the purchase and performance of your products and services, the following Cricut Business to Business Terms and Conditions shall apply, as applicable.
For purposes involving Cricut’s sale and your purchase of Cricut products and/or services (collectively, “
Cricut Products
”), the Cricut Sales Order Terms (defined below) shall apply; and
For purposes involving your sale and performance of, and Cricut’s purchase and procurement of, your products and/or services (collectively, “
Goods
”), the Cricut PO Terms (defined below) shall apply.
Absent a duly-executed Existing Agreement between us, the inclusion or reference to any conflicting terms, including but not limited to your general terms and conditions of purchase, those attached to any purchase order, a differing sales order or invoice, separate online terms or URL terms, etc. (“
Conflicting Terms
”), would be given only for reference purposes and Cricut does not accept any such conflicting terms or conditions. The terms on any such document or URL submitted will have no effect and are hereby rejected.
CRICUT SALES ORDER TERMS
APPLICABILITY
Unless an Existing Agreement between Cricut and you governs, these “
Cricut Sales Order Terms
” shall govern the offer, sale, and purchase of Cricut Products by Cricut to you.
These Cricut Sales Order Terms and only the mutually agreed upon business terms of an accompanying sales order, invoice, purchase order (PO), or other ordering document (“
Sales Order
”) comprise the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter (collectively, the “
Sales Agreement
”), and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous understandings, agreements, negotiations, representations and warranties, and communications, both written and oral regarding the subject matter. For purposes herein, the “
business terms of an accompanying sale order
” shall mean only the Cricut Products SKU/description, price, quantity, and shipping instructions but under no circumstances shall include any Conflicting Terms. The Sales Agreement supersedes any of your general terms and conditions of purchase regardless of whether or when you have submitted a Sales Order including such terms. Cricut expressly rejects any Conflicting Terms and fulfillment of an order does not constitute acceptance of any Conflicting Terms or serve to modify or amend these Cricut Sales Order Terms or the Sales Agreement.
PRICES AND PAYMENT
You shall purchase the Cricut Products from Cricut at the prices (the “
Prices
”) set forth in Cricut’s most current price list, less any applicable mutually agreed upon discount/rebates. Cricut may modify the Price List at any time, including changes to the Cricut Products or their corresponding list prices.
All Prices are exclusive of all sales, use, and excise taxes, and any other similar taxes, duties, and charges of any kind imposed by any governmental authority on any amounts payable by you. You shall be responsible for all such charges, costs, and taxes; provided, that, you shall not be responsible for any taxes imposed on, or with respect to, Cricut’s income, revenues, gross receipts, personnel, or real or personal property or other assets. The Prices include delivery from the Cricut’s designated warehouse to your carrier, at which point title and risk of loss to the Cricut Products will pass to You.
Except as may be specifically authorized in writing by Cricut, and subject to Cricut’s continuing approval of your credit status and financial condition, you will pay Cricut for all amounts due within thirty (30) days of the date of the corresponding invoice issued by Cricut. Cricut, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to specify, and to change from time to time, your payment terms. All payments are to be made in US dollars.
You shall pay interest on all late payments at the greater of the rate of 1.5% per month or the highest rate permissible under applicable law. You shall reimburse Cricut for all costs incurred in collecting any late payments, including, without limitation, collections fees and attorneys’ fees. In addition to all other remedies available under the Sales Agreement or at law (which Cricut does not waive by the exercise of any rights hereunder), Cricut shall be entitled to suspend the delivery of any Cricut Products (or in the alternative require you to pay cash on delivery for future orders) if you fail to pay any amounts when due hereunder or are otherwise in breach of the Sales Agreement. You shall not withhold payment of any amounts due and payable by reason of any set-off of any claim or dispute with Cricut, whether relating to Cricut’s breach, bankruptcy, or otherwise.
DELIVERY; INSPECTION
Delivery.
The Cricut Products will be delivered within a reasonable time after the receipt and acceptance of a Sales Order, subject to availability of the Cricut Products. Delivery dates given by Cricut are estimates only and are subject to shipping variations and requirements. Cricut shall not be liable for any delays, loss, or damage in transit.
Unless otherwise agreed in writing by the parties, Cricut shall deliver the Cricut Products to your specified delivery point (the “
Delivery Point
”) using Cricut’s standard methods for packaging and shipping such Cricut Products. You shall take ownership of the Cricut Products within seven (7) days of delivery to the Delivery Point. You shall be responsible for all loading costs and provide equipment and labor reasonably suited for receipt of the Cricut Products at the Delivery Point. You are responsible for fees associated with not taking timely delivery of the Cricut Products, such as storage fees.
Cricut may, in its sole discretion, without liability or penalty, make partial shipments of Cricut Products to you. Each shipment will constitute a separate sale, and you shall pay only for the units shipped whether such shipment is in whole or partial fulfillment of your Sales Order. No backorders are provided by default, so please contact your Cricut sales representative for details or issue another Sales Order for the difference in any shortage.
Title and Risk of Loss.
Title and risk of loss pass to you upon delivery of the Cricut Products at the Delivery Point.
Inspection.
You shall inspect the Cricut Products within seven (7) days of receipt (“
Inspection Period
”). You will be deemed to have accepted the Cricut Products unless you notify Cricut in writing of any Nonconforming Cricut Products (as defined below) during the Inspection Period and furnish such written evidence or other documentation as reasonably required by Cricut. “
Nonconforming Cricut Products
” means only the following: (i) Cricut product shipped is different than identified in the Sales Order; or (ii) Cricut Product’s label or packaging incorrectly identifies its contents.
If you timely notify Cricut of any Nonconforming Cricut Products, Cricut shall, in its sole discretion, (i) replace such Nonconforming Cricut Products with conforming Cricut Products, or (ii) credit or refund the Price for such Nonconforming Cricut Products. You shall ship, at your expense and risk of loss, the Nonconforming Cricut Products to Cricut’s designated facility. If Cricut exercises its option to replace Nonconforming Cricut Products, Cricut shall, after receiving your shipment of Nonconforming Cricut Products, ship to you, at your expense and risk of loss, the replaced Cricut Products to the Delivery Point.
You acknowledge and agree that the remedies set forth in this Section are your exclusive remedies for Nonconforming Cricut Products. Except as expressly provided for under this Section, all sales of Cricut Products to you are final and you have no right to return Cricut Products purchased under portion of the Sales Agreement to Cricut.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cricut may accept limited returns on a case-by-case basis. To request a return, you must submit a return application. If accepted, you will obtain a Return Material Authorization (RMA) number from Cricut. An application for return within 30 days of receiving the merchandise. You must provide the PO and invoice number. Unauthorized returns will not be issued credit. For more information, please contact Cricut’s wholesale dept. at 1.800.937.7686.
LIMITED WARRANTY:
Limited Warranty.
Except as may be specifically set forth herein, Cricut warrants only to the end-user a Hardware Warranty for a manufacturer’s warranty period of 12 months from the date of end-user’s purchase of the Cricut Products (the “
Warranty Period
”) or longer if required by applicable law.
Hardware Warranty.
Cricut warrants to the end-user that each item of Cricut Products hardware (“
Hardware
”) (e.g. cutting machines, heat presses, etc.) will be free from defects in workmanship and materials for its respective Warranty Period, which begins on the date of purchase by the end-user. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, end-users’ exclusive remedy and Cricut’s sole obligation and liability under this warranty is to promptly repair or replace any failed Hardware returned to you on behalf of an end-user because of defects in workmanship or material as further set forth in Cricut’s manufacturer warranty.
Limitations.
The warranties under this Section do not apply where (i) Cricut Products have been subjected to abuse, misuse, neglect, negligence, accident, abnormal physical stress or environmental conditions, use contrary to any instructions issued by Cricut, or improper testing, installation, storage, handling, repair, or maintenance; (ii) Cricut Products have been reconstructed, repaired, or altered by anyone other than Cricut or its authorized representatives; (iii) Cricut Products have been used with any third-party product, hardware, or product that has not been previously approved by Cricut, or (iv) instances arise or are connected to any Cricut software, apps, internet of things, firmware, or online services, including but not limited to Cricut’s Software (as defined in Cricut’s Terms of Use available at
https://cricut.com/legal
) such as Design Space® as all such representations are set forth explicitly in said Terms of Use.
WARRANTIES DISCLAIMER.
EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THESE SALES ORDER TERMS, CRICUT MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT to THE CRICUT PRODUCTS, INCLUDING ANY (a) WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY; (b) WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE; OR (c) WARRANTY AGAINST INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF A THIRD PARTY; WHETHER ARISING BY LAW, COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, USAGE OF TRADE, OR OTHERWISE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS NOT RELIED UPON ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY MADE BY CRICUT, OR ANY OTHER INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY ON CRICUT’S BEHALF, EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY PROVIDED IN THESE SALES ORDER TERMS.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY:
IN NO EVENT SHALL CRICUT OR ANY OF ITS REPRESENTATIVES BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR ENHANCED DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES RESULTING FROM USE OF MALFUNCTION OF THE GOODS, LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES OR DIMINUTION IN VALUE, OR COSTS OF REPLACEMENT GOODS, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE SALES AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF (A) WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE, (B) WHETHER CRICUT WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND/OR (C) THE LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY (CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE) UPON WHICH THE CLAIM IS BASED. EXCEPT AS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, CRICUT’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY WHETHER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNTS ACTUALLY PAID TO CRICUT UNDER THIS SALES AGREEMENT GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY. THESE LIMITATIONS APPLY TO ALL CAUSES OF ACTION IN THE AGGREGATE. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, NO ACTION MAY BE BROUGHT AT ANY TIME MORE THAN TWELVE (12) MONTHS AFTER THE OCCURRENCE OF THE FACTS GIVING RISE TO THE CAUSE OF ACTION.
GENERAL:
Compliance With Law.
You shall at all times comply with all laws applicable to the operation of your business, your performance of your obligations hereunder, and your use of the Cricut Products. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you shall (a) at your own expense, maintain all certifications, credentials, licenses, and permits necessary to conduct your business relating to the purchase or use of the Cricut Products and (b) not engage in any activity or transaction involving the Cricut Products, by way of shipment, use, or otherwise, that violates any applicable law.
You will abide by all applicable export laws and regulations of the United States with respect to export of any Hardware, Software or technical information provided by one to the other. Cricut Products shall not be supplied to a distributor in any country if (1) the export of any such Cricut Product to such country is prohibited by the laws of the United States, including the Export Regulations of the Department of Commerce of the International Traffic in Arms Regulation of the Department of State; (2) the import of any such Cricut Product into such country is prohibited by the laws of such country; or (3) the proper import certificate(s) required by the laws of such country for the lawful importation of any such product have not been obtained.
Termination.
In addition to any remedies that may be provided under these Sales Order Terms, Cricut may terminate these Sales Order Terms, the Sales Agreement, or any Sales Order with immediate effect upon written notice to you for any reason or no reason, including reasons for cause that include if you: (i) fail to pay any amount when due under the Sales Agreement; (ii) have not otherwise performed or complied with any of the Sales Order Terms (or Sales Agreement terms), in whole or in part; or (iii) become insolvent, file a petition for bankruptcy, or commence or have commenced against you proceedings relating to bankruptcy, receivership, reorganization or assignment for the benefit of creditors.
Waiver.
No waiver by Cricut of any of the provisions of the Sales Agreement is effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and signed by Cricut. No failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power, or privilege arising from the Sales Agreement by Cricut operates or may be construed, as a waiver thereof. No single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power, or privilege hereunder by Cricut precludes any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power, or privilege by Cricut.
Confidential Information.
Where Cricut and you have agreed to and signed a separate Non-Disclosure or Confidentiality Agreement (“
Existing NDA
”) which is applicable to the Sales Agreement, the terms of said Existing NDA shall control. Where Cricut and you have not agreed to and signed an Existing NDA, the following confidentiality provisions shall apply to the Sales Agreement. All non-public, confidential, or proprietary information of Cricut, including but not limited to specifications, samples, patterns, designs, plans, product roadmaps, drawings, documents, data, business operations, customer lists, pricing, discounts, or rebates, disclosed by Cricut to you, whether disclosed orally or disclosed or accessed in written, electronic, or other form or media, and whether or not marked, designated, or otherwise identified as “confidential” in connection with the Sales Agreement is confidential, solely for the use of performing the Sales Agreement and may not be disclosed or copied unless authorized in advance by Cricut in writing. Upon Cricut’s request, you shall promptly return all documents and other materials received from Cricut. Cricut shall be entitled to injunctive relief for any violation of the Existing NDA and this Section. This Section does not apply to information that is: (a) in the public domain; (b) known to you at the time of disclosure; or (c) rightfully obtained by you on a non-confidential basis from a third party.
Force Majeure.
Neither party shall be liable or responsible to the other party, nor be deemed to have defaulted under or breached the Sales Agreement, for any failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any term of the Sales Agreement (except for any obligations to make payments to the other party hereunder), when and to the extent such failure or delay is caused by or results from acts beyond the impacted Party’s (“
Impacted Party
”) reasonable control, including, the following force majeure events (“
Force Majeure Events
”): (a) acts of God; (b) flood, fire, earthquake, or explosion; (c) war, invasion, hostilities (whether war is declared or not), terrorist threats or acts, riot or other civil unrest; (d) order or action by any governmental authority or requirements of law; (e) embargoes or blockades in effect on or after the date of the Sales Agreement; and (f) other events beyond the reasonable control of the Impacted Party.
Assignment.
Your rights, interests, or obligations hereunder may not be assigned, transferred, or delegated by you without the prior written consent of Cricut. Any purported assignment or delegation in violation of this Section is null and void. No assignment or delegation relieves you of any of your obligations under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cricut may assign its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder at any time with or without your consent.
Relationship of the Parties.
The relationship between the parties is that of independent contractors. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as creating any agency, partnership, joint venture, or other form of joint enterprise, employment, or fiduciary relationship between the parties, and neither party shall have authority to contract for or bind the other party in any manner whatsoever.
No Third-Party Beneficiaries.
The Sales Agreement benefits solely the parties to the Sales Agreement. Nothing in the Sales Agreement, express or implied, confers on any other person any legal or equitable right, benefit, or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of the Sales Agreement.
Governing Law; Jurisdiction.
The Sales Agreement shall be construed in accordance with, and disputes shall be governed by, the laws of the State of Utah, excluding its conflict of law rules. The Fourth District Court of Utah or the United States District Court for the District of Utah shall have jurisdiction and venue over all controversies arising out of, or relating to, the Sales Agreement. The applicability of the UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG) is hereby expressly waived by the parties and it shall not apply to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement.
Notices.
All notices shall be in writing and addressed to the parties at the addresses set forth on the face of the Sales Order or to such other address for either party as that party may designate by written notice. All notices must be delivered by nationally recognized overnight courier, or certified or registered mail (in each case, return receipt requested). Any notice to Cricut must also be electronically copied via e-mail to
contracts-notices@cricut.com
(which by itself shall not constitute proper notice).
Severability.
If any term or provision of these Sales Order Terms or the Sales Agreement is determined to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of the Sales Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction.
[END OF SALES ORDER TERMS]
CRICUT PURCHASE ORDER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
APPLICABILITY:
Unless a separately signed written agreement between Cricut and you governs, these terms and conditions of purchase (“
Cricut PO Terms
”) are the only terms that govern the purchase or license Goods by Cricut from you.
Any accompanying Purchase Order (“
PO
”) and these “
Cricut PO Terms
” (collectively, this “
PO Agreement
”) comprise the entire agreement between the parties, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous understandings, agreements, negotiations, representations and warranties, and communications, both written and oral. This PO Agreement supersedes any of your general terms and conditions of purchase or sale regardless of whether or when Cricut has submitted its purchase order. Cricut expressly rejects any of your general terms and conditions of purchase or sale, including those attached to any order confirmation, and fulfillment of your order does not constitute acceptance of any of your terms and conditions or serve to modify or amend these Cricut PO Terms.
SERVICES & DELIVERABLES:
You agree to provide the Goods, as described in any PO, in accordance with these Cricut PO Terms. Upon acceptance of a PO, shipment of Goods or commencement of a service, you shall be bound by the provisions of this PO Agreement, including all provisions set forth on the face of any applicable PO, whether you acknowledge or otherwise sign this PO Agreement or the PO, unless you object to such terms in writing prior to shipping the Goods, including commencing services.
This PO Agreement does not constitute a firm offer and may be revoked at any time prior to acceptance. This PO Agreement may not be added to, modified, superseded or otherwise altered, except by writing signed by an authorized Cricut representative. Any terms or conditions contained in any acknowledgment, invoice or other communication from you, which are inconsistent with the terms and conditions herein, are hereby rejected. If there is a conflict between the English terms and the Chinese terms, then English terms shall control. To the extent that this PO Agreement might be treated as an acceptance of your prior offer, such acceptance is expressly made on condition of assent by you to the terms hereof and shipment of the Goods, including beginning performance of any services, by you shall constitute such assent.
DELIVERY:
Time is of the essence. Delivery of Goods shall be made pursuant to the schedule, via the carrier, and to the place specified on the applicable PO (or as otherwise agreed to by the parties in writing) in compliance with Cricut’s Vendor Logistics Guide. Cricut reserves the right to return or collect shipping charges on all Goods received in advance of the delivery schedule. If no delivery schedule is specified, the order shall be filled promptly, and delivery will be made by the most expeditious form of land transportation. If no method of shipment is specified in the PO, you shall use the least expensive carrier. In the event you fail to deliver the Goods within the time specified, Cricut may, at its option, decline to accept the Goods and terminate the PO Agreement or may demand its allocable fair share of Seller’s available Goods and terminate the balance of the PO Agreement.
You shall package all items in suitable containers to permit safe transportation and handling. Each delivered container must be labeled and marked to identify contents without opening and all boxes and packages must contain packing sheets listing contents. Cricut’s purchase order number must appear on all shipping containers, packing sheets, delivery tickets and bills of lading.
IDENTIFICATION, RISK OF LOSS & DESTRUCTION OF GOODS:
Identification of the Goods shall occur in accordance with Cricut’s Vendor Logistics Guide, or as otherwise specified by Cricut. You assume all risk of loss until receipt of the Goods by Cricut. Title to the Goods shall pass to Cricut upon Cricut’s receipt of the Goods at the designated destination. If the Goods ordered are destroyed prior to title passing to Cricut, Cricut may at its option cancel the PO Agreement or require delivery of substitute Goods of equal quantity and quality. Such delivery will be made as soon as commercially practicable. If loss of Goods is partial, Cricut shall have the right to require delivery of the Goods not destroyed.
PAYMENT:
As full consideration for the delivery of the Goods and the assignment of rights to Cricut as provided herein, Cricut shall pay you the amount agreed upon and specified in the applicable PO. Applicable taxes and other charges such as shipping costs, duties, customs, tariffs, imposts and government-imposed surcharges shall be stated separately on your invoice. Payment is made when Cricut’s check is mailed. Payment shall not constitute acceptance. All personal property taxes assessable upon the Goods prior to receipt by Cricut of Goods conforming to the PO shall be borne by you. You shall invoice Cricut for all Goods delivered and all services actually performed. Each invoice submitted by you must be provided to Cricut within ninety (90) days of delivery of Goods and must reference the applicable PO, and Cricut reserves the right to return all incorrect invoices. Unless otherwise specified on the face of a PO, Cricut shall pay the invoiced amount within sixty (60) days after receipt of a correct invoice.
WARRANTIES:
You warrant that all Goods provided will be new and will not be used or refurbished. You warrant that all Goods delivered shall be free from defects in materials, design and workmanship and shall conform to all applicable specifications for a period of fifteen (15) months from the date of delivery to Cricut or for the period provided in your standard warranty covering the Goods, whichever is longer. Furthermore, the Goods will be free from defects and materials which could create a hazard to life or property; the Goods will conform in all respects with all applicable international, federal, state, agency, and local laws, orders, and regulations, including, without limitation, those regarding: (a) safety, (b) content, (c) flammability, (d) weights, measures, and sizes, (e) processing, manufacturing, labeling, advertising, selling, shipping, and invoicing, (f) registration and declaration of responsibility, (g) occupational safety and health, and (h) noise, radio and electromagnetic emissions. If requested by Cricut in the PO, you hereby agree that you will make spare parts available to Cricut for a period of five (5) years from the date of shipment at your then current price. Additionally, Goods purchased shall be subject to all written express warranties made by your agents. All warranties shall be construed as conditions as well as warranties and shall not be exclusive. You shall furnish to Cricut your standard warranty and service guaranty applicable to the Goods. All warranties and service guaranties shall run both to Cricut and to its customers.
If Cricut identifies a warranty problem with the Goods during the warranty period, Cricut will promptly notify you of such problems and will return the Goods to you, at your expense. Within five (5) business days of receipt of the returned Goods, you shall, at Cricut’s option, either repair or replace such Goods, or credit Cricut’s account for the same.
Replacement and repaired Goods shall be warranted for the remainder of the warranty period or six (6) months, whichever is longer.
INSPECTION:
Cricut shall have a reasonable time after receipt of Goods, including service deliverables, and before payment to inspect them for conformity hereto, and Goods received prior to inspection shall not be deemed accepted until Cricut has run an adequate test to determine whether the Goods conform to the specifications hereof. Use of a portion of the Goods for the purpose of testing shall not constitute an acceptance of the Goods. If Goods tendered do not wholly conform with the provisions hereof, Cricut shall have the right to reject such Goods. Nonconforming Goods will be returned to your freight collector and risk of loss will pass to you upon Cricut’s delivery to the common carrier.
INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR:
You are an independent contractor for all purposes, without express or implied authority to bind Cricut by contract or otherwise. Neither you nor your employees, agents or subcontractors (“
Your Assistants
”) are agents or employees of Cricut.
YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR TAXES AND RECORDS:
You shall be solely responsible for filing the appropriate federal, state and local tax forms, and paying all such taxes or fees, including estimated taxes and employment taxes, due with respect to your receipt of payment under this PO Agreement. You further agree to provide Cricut with reasonable assistance in the event of a government audit. Cricut shall have no responsibility to pay or withhold from any payment to you under this PO Agreement, any federal, state or local taxes or fees.
INSURANCE:
You shall be solely responsible for maintaining liability, and other insurance, as is required by applicable law or as is the common practice in your trades or businesses, whichever affords greater coverage. Upon request, you shall provide Cricut with certificates of insurance or evidence of coverage before commencing performance under this PO Agreement. You shall provide adequate coverage for any Cricut property under the care, custody or control of you.
INDEMNITY:
You shall indemnify, hold harmless, and at Cricut’s request, defend Cricut, its officers, directors, customers, agents and employees, against all claims, liabilities, damages, losses and expenses, including attorneys’ fees and cost of suit arising out of or in any way connected with the Goods or services provided under this PO Agreement, including, without limitation, (i) any claim based on the death or bodily injury to any person, destruction or damage to property, or contamination of the environment and any associated clean up costs, (ii) any claim based on the negligence, omissions or willful misconduct of you or any Your Assistants, and (iii) except where a design, or specification, is provided by Cricut, any claim by a third party against Cricut alleging that the Goods or services, the results of such services, or any other products or processes provided under this PO Agreement, infringe a patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary right of a third party, whether such are provided alone or in combination with other products, software or processes. You shall not settle any such suit or claim without Cricut’s prior written approval. You agree to pay or reimburse all costs that may be incurred by Cricut in enforcing this indemnity, including attorneys’ fees.
Should Cricut’s use, or use by its distributors, subcontractors or customers, of any Goods or services purchased from you be enjoined, be threatened by injunction, or be the subject of any legal proceeding, you shall, at your sole cost and expense, either (a) substitute fully equivalent non-infringing Goods or Services; (b) modify the Goods or Services so that they no longer infringe but remain fully equivalent in functionality; (c) obtain for Cricut, its distributors, subcontractors or customers the right to continue using the Goods or Services; or (d) if none of the foregoing is possible, refund all amounts paid for the infringing Goods or Services.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY:
IN NO EVENT SHALL CRICUT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR YOUR ASSISTANTS, OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS PO AGREEMENT, WHETHER OR NOT CRICUT WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
GENERAL:
Confidential Information.
Where the Cricut and you have agreed to and signed a separate Non Disclosure or Confidentiality Agreement (“
Existing NDA
”) which is applicable to this Sales Agreement, the terms of said Existing NDA shall control. Where the Cricut and you have not agreed to and signed an Existing NDA, the following confidentiality provisions shall apply to the Sales Agreement. You will acquire knowledge of Cricut Confidential Information (as defined below) in connection with your performance hereunder and agree to keep such Cricut Confidential Information in confidence during and following termination or expiration of this PO Agreement. “
Cricut Confidential Information
” includes but is not limited to all information, whether written or oral, in any form, including without limitation, information relating to the research, development, products, methods of manufacture, trade secrets, business plans, customers, vendors, finances, personnel data, Work Product (as defined herein) and other material or information considered proprietary by Cricut relating to the current or anticipated business or affairs of Cricut which is disclosed directly or indirectly to you. In addition, Cricut Confidential Information means any third party’s proprietary or confidential information disclosed to you in the course of providing services or Goods to Cricut. Cricut Confidential Information does not include any information (i) which you lawfully knew without restriction on disclosure before Cricut disclosed it to you, (ii) which is now or becomes publicly known through no wrongful act or failure to act of you, (iii) which you developed independently without use of the Cricut Confidential Information, as evidenced by appropriate documentation.
Ownership Of Work Product.
For purposes of this PO Agreement, “
Work Product
” shall include, without limitation, all designs, discoveries, creations, works, devices, masks, models, work in progress, inventions, products, improvements, developments, drawings, notes, documents, business processes, information and materials made, conceived or developed by you alone or with others which result from or relate to the Goods provided hereunder. Standard Goods manufactured by you and sold to Cricut without having been designed, customized or modified for Cricut do not constitute Work Product. All Work Product shall at all times be and remain the sole and exclusive property of Cricut. You hereby agree to irrevocably assign and transfer to Cricut and does hereby assign and transfer to Cricut all of its worldwide right, title and interest in and to the Work Product including all associated intellectual property rights. You agree: (a) to disclose promptly in writing to Cricut all Work Product in your possession; (b) to assist Cricut in every reasonable way, at Cricut’s expense, to secure, perfect, register, apply for, maintain, and defend for Cricut’s benefit all copyrights, patent rights, mask work rights, trade secret rights, and all other proprietary rights or statutory protections in and to the Work Product in Cricut’s name as it deems appropriate; and (c) to otherwise treat all Work Product as Cricut Confidential Information as described above. These obligations to disclose, assist, execute and keep confidential survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. All tools and equipment supplied by Cricut to you shall remain the sole property of Cricut.
Termination.
Cricut may terminate this PO Agreement upon written notice. In the event of such termination, Cricut shall pay you for the portion of those conforming Goods delivered to Cricut through the date of termination, less appropriate offsets.
Upon the expiration or termination of this PO Agreement: (a) each party will be released from all obligations to the other arising after the date of expiration or termination, except for those which by their terms survive such termination or expiration; and (b) you will promptly notify Cricut of all Cricut Confidential Information or any Work Product in your possession and, at your expense of and in accordance with Cricut’s instructions, will promptly deliver to Cricut all such Cricut Confidential Information and/or Work Product.
Force Majure.
Cricut shall not be liable for any failure to perform including failure to take delivery of the Goods as provided caused by circumstances beyond its control which make such performance commercially impractical including, but not limited to, acts of God, fire, flood, acts of war, government action, accident, labor difficulties or shortage, inability to obtain materials, equipment or transportation. In the event Cricut is so excused, either party may terminate the PO Agreement and Cricut shall at its expense and risk, return any Goods received to the place of shipment.
Severability.
If any provision of this PO Agreement shall be deemed to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.
Assignment; Waiver.
You may not assign this PO Agreement or any of its rights or obligations under this PO Agreement, without the prior written consent of Cricut. Any assignment or transfer without such written consent shall be null and void. This PO Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the successors and assigns of Cricut without restriction. A waiver of any default hereunder or of any term or condition of this PO Agreement shall not be deemed to be a continuing waiver or a waiver of any other default or any other term or condition.
Non-exclusive Agreement.
This PO Agreement is not an exclusive agreement. Cricut is free to engage others to perform services or provide Goods the same as or similar to yours. You are free to, and are encouraged to, advertise, offer and provide your services and/or Goods to others; provided however, that you do not breach this PO Agreement.
Notices.
Except for PO’s which may be sent by local mail, facsimile transmission, or electronically transmitted, all notices, and other communications hereunder shall be in writing, and shall be addressed to you or to an authorized Cricut representative, and shall be considered given when (a) delivered personally, (b) sent by confirmed telex or facsimile, (c) sent by commercial overnight courier with written verification receipt, or (d) three (3) days after having been sent, postage prepaid, by first class or certified mail.
Survival.
Any obligations and duties which by their nature extend beyond the expiration or termination of this PO Agreement shall survive the expiration or termination of this PO Agreement.
Governing Law.
This PO Agreement shall be construed in accordance with, and disputes shall be governed by, the laws of the State of Utah, excluding its conflict of law rules. The Fourth District Court of Utah or the United States District Court for the District of Utah shall have jurisdiction and venue over all controversies arising out of, or relating to, this PO Agreement. The applicability of the UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is hereby expressly waived by the parties and it shall not apply to the terms and conditions of this PO Agreement.
Entire Agreement; Modification.
This PO Agreement is the complete, final and exclusive statement of the terms of the Agreement between the parties and supersedes any and all other prior and contemporaneous negotiations and agreements, whether oral or written, between them relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may not be varied, modified, altered, or amended except in writing, including a PO or a change order issued by Cricut, signed by the parties. The terms and conditions of this PO Agreement shall prevail notwithstanding any variance with the terms and conditions of any acknowledgment or other document submitted by you. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this PO Agreement will not supersede or take the place of any written agreement which is signed by both parties and covers the same subject matter as this PO Agreement or its related PO’s.
Compliance With Laws.
You shall comply fully with all applicable federal, state and local laws in the performance of this PO Agreement. Upon Cricut’s request, you will promptly provide Cricut with a statement of origin for all Goods and other documents reasonably requested by Cricut in order to affect the import/export of the Goods to the location designated by Cricut.
Injunctive Relief.
You acknowledge and agree that your obligations and promises under this PO Agreement are of a unique, intellectual nature giving them particular value. Your breach of any of the promises contained in this PO Agreement will result in irreparable and continuing damage to Cricut for which there will be no adequate remedy at law and, in the event of such breach, Cricut will be entitled to seek injunctive relief, or a decree of specific performance.
[END OF PURCHASE ORDER TERMS AND CONDITIONS]
Our Commitment to Accessibility
Cricut is committed to making our website's content
    accessible and user friendly to everyone. If you are having difficulty viewing or navigating the content on this
    website, or notice any content, feature, or functionality that you believe is not fully accessible to people with
    disabilities, call our Member Care team at
877-727-4288
or email our
    team at
accessibilitysupport@cricut.com
with
    “Disabled Access” in the subject line and provide a description of the specific feature you feel is not fully
    accessible or a suggestion for improvement. We take your feedback seriously and will consider it as we evaluate ways
    to accommodate all of our customers and our overall accessibility policies. Additionally, while we do not control
    such vendors, we strongly encourage vendors of third-party digital content to provide content that is accessible and
    user friendly.
Cricut Content Standards
Effective Date: September 16, 2025 (v3.0.0)
Creativity is at the center of everything we do in the Cricut Community. We want to protect the Cricut Community as a safe place for everyone to express their creativity, while respecting the rights of others. This means that some content does not belong in the Cricut Community, and the content that does belong should be tagged for appropriate maturity levels so that Users have some choice in the type of content they see, with an ability to opt in to viewing sensitive/mature content. The following are the Cricut Content Standards (“
Content Standards
”), including descriptions of content that does not belong in the Cricut Community, the categorization and tagging process for content that is permissible for the Cricut Community, and the process for reporting and removal of inappropriate content. These Content Standards are a part of the Cricut Terms of Use, available at
https://cricut.com/legal
(the “
Terms of Use
”), and all those who access, use, or upload content to, in, or through the Platform, Software, or Services, agree to abide by these Content Standards. As used in these Content Standards, “
content
” shall mean any and all Digital Content, User Content (including Your Uploaded Content), AI Output, Feedback, Posted Meta Data, Finished Projects, or any other image, graphic, logo, text, font, sound, music, video, project, material, or other content Posted in, to, or through the Platform, Software, Services, or Interactive Features. Any defined terms not otherwise defined in these Content Standards shall have the meaning set forth in the Terms of Use.
I. CONTENT THAT DOES NOT BELONG IN THE CRICUT COMMUNITY
A. OTHER PEOPLE’S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
What this means:
Do not copy all or even part of other people’s creations without their express written permission. Original designs and images created by other people are automatically protected by copyright law; brands and logos are typically protected by trademark law (including Cricut logos and other Cricut trademarks); ideas might be protected by a patent issued by the government; and using someone else’s name or face without their permission to help sell your content can infringe their personal right of publicity. Even if you only incorporate a part of someone else’s creation into a part of your creation, you may be liable for infringement. Because it can be very difficult (even for experienced intellectual property lawyers) to determine whether a particular design infringes the intellectual property rights of others,
avoid uploading any content that is not completely your own original work
.
Examples of content that does not belong
(the examples discussed herein are just a few illustrative examples and are not an exhaustive list of all prohibited content):
A copy of an original design of a tiger family created by someone else
An ocean-themed design with ocean figures created entirely by you except for one figure that is a copy of someone else’s mermaid drawing
A design that includes an image of a famous cartoon character
A design that includes the logo of your favorite professional sports team
A design that has been labeled with the name of another person
B. CHILD ENDANGERMENT
What this means:
Do not portray children in scenarios that are inappropriate for their age, including but not limited to dangerous activities, sexualized scenarios, nudity, or engaging with alcohol or other adult substances or objects. Do not expose children to inappropriate content including but not limited to asking for personally identifiable details or discussing or soliciting lewd acts.
Examples of content that does not belong:
A child smoking a cigarette or using illegal drugs
Sexual language with or about a child
A child engaged in sexual acts or in sexual costume
Symbols/images/phrases associated with child trafficking
Children in scenarios where there is a great risk of bodily harm
A child holding a weapon unsuitable for the child’s age or in a threatening manner
Asking a child for photos or personal information or to meet up with you
C. GRAPHIC ADULT CONTENT
What this means:
Do not post pornography, anything suggesting illegal or non-consensual activity, or solicit sexual activity.
Examples of content that does not belong:
Sex acts
Images that suggest non-consent (including anything involving minors)
Images that suggest sexual violence
Written discussion that is sexually graphic in nature
Sexually explicit depictions of an identifiable person
D. ILLEGAL ACTIVITIES AND TARGETED VIOLENCE
What this means:
Do not depict, advocate for, threaten, or glamorize illegal activities, or with respect to violence targeted toward an identifiable individual or common-characteristic group.
Examples of content that does not belong:
Depictions or threats of people abusing or killing others
Animal cruelty
Crimes against property (theft, arson, vandalism)
Depictions of illegal drugs and illegal drug use
Gang symbols or activity
Terrorist propaganda or activity
E. HATE
What this means:
Do not express derogation of, hatred of, or harm to others on the basis of any group characteristic or protected class, such as gender, race, nationality, sexual orientation, religion, or disability. Do not solicit participation in or promote organized hate.
Examples of content that does not belong:
Slurs and other derogatory terms for people in a protected group
Profanity directed to a protected group
Promoting physical harm to a protected group
Promoting the denial of lawful rights to a specific group
Desecration of religious symbols and figures
Asking people to join an organized hate group
F. HARASSMENT AND DEFAMATION
What this means:
Do not harass, insult, bully or otherwise attempt to cause emotional injury to others. Do not make false statements of fact about others that harm their reputation.
Examples of content that does not belong:
Name-calling or cursing
Mocking or degrading the appearance or condition of another
Designs intending to inflict emotional distress on a specific person
Untrue statements of fact about a specific person (defamation)
Repeatedly sending unwelcome communications to another
Sexual harassment
G. INVASIONS OF PRIVACY
What this means:
Do not invade the privacy of others including but not limited to exposing their confidential, proprietary, financial, medical or personal details.
Examples of content that does not belong:
Disclosing non-public personal information
Sharing intimate imagery of another
Depictions of specific children without parental consent
H. SELF-HARM
What this means:
Do not promote or encourage suicide or self-harm.
Examples of content that does not belong:
Images of cutting or suicide scenes
Encouraging extreme dieting
Directing others to commit suicide
I. GRAPHIC CONTENT
What this means:
Do not portray content that involves extremely shocking or violent human or animal suffering.
Examples of content that does not belong:
Photos or videos of deceased bodies
Photos or videos of dismembered body parts
Shocking depictions of executions
Burning people
Excessive blood and gore
J. DECEPTIVE CONTENT
What this means:
Do not contribute content that is intentionally misleading.
Examples of content that does not belong:
False advertisements about products or services
Phishing communications designed to get people to divulge personal information
Clickbait
K. SPAM
What this means:
Do not contribute content that does not pertain directly to the Platform, Software, or Services.
Examples of content that does not belong:
Posting an advertisement for a job
Advertising participation in a multi-level marketing or pyramid enterprise
Asking others to buy products from a multi-level marketing enterprise
Asking others to “Like my content”
Soliciting the donation, sale or purchase of non-Cricut products or services, coupons, eBay postings etc.
L. INTERFERENCE
What this means:
Do not do anything to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of the Platform or Services, or the experience of other Users with the Platform or Services; and do not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Platform or Services.
Examples of content that does not belong:
Viruses or Trojan horses
Scraping of content from the Platform, Software, Website, Cricut SHOP, or Services, including making any statements encouraging others to disrupt or scrape the same.
Automated communications with the Platform or Services
Providing access to the Platform or Services to a third party through your Account or Account Information
II. FILTER CAPABILITY FOR MATURE CONTENT THAT MAY NOT BE APPROPRIATE FOR ALL USERS
Cricut has updated the Software by adding a filter feature for categories of mature content, which provides the Cricut Community with the ability to view mature content that may not be appropriate for all Users but is otherwise not prohibited by these Content Standards. The default setting for mature content is “hidden”; however, a User may opt-in to some or all of the mature content categories to enhance their image and/or project search. The specific mature categories and the duties of Cricut Users with respect to categorization and tagging are described below.
A. Mature CONTENT categories
Strong language, including profanity or obscenities
Nudity or semi-nude depictions of the human body
Drug use, including references to or depictions of drugs and paraphernalia
Violent or graphic content, including weapons, fighting, scenes of violence, gore, etc.
Mature/crude humor and/or suggestive themes
Sexual or sexually suggestive content, including implied references to sexual acts
Alcohol or tobacco products and the lawful use thereof
B. DUTIES OF USERS WHO UPLOAD CONTENT TO OR THROUGH THE PLATFORM OR SERVICES.
CREATORS WHO UPLOAD mature CONTENT TO THE PLATFORM, SOFTWARE, OR SERVICES ARE REQUIRED TO DESIGNATE a category AND ASSIGN THE APPROPRIATE tag TO THAT CONTENT. CONTENT THAT HAS BEEN INCORRECTLY DESIGNATED WITH AN INCORRECT tag MAY BE REPORTED BY THE CRICUT COMMUNITY AND/OR CORRECTED OR REMOVED BY CRICUT at its sole discretion. IT IS A VIOLATION OF THESE CONTENT STANDARDS AND THE TERMS OF USE TO KNOWINGLY ASSIGN AN INCORRECT tag TO CONTENT OR TO KNOWINGLY MAKE A FALSE REPORT THAT ANOTHER USER’S CONTENT HAS BEEN INCORRECTLY DESIGNATED.
C. DUTIES OF USERS WHO ACCESS CONTENT ON THE PLATFORM AND THROUGH THE SERVICES.
CRICUT USERS WHO ACCESS, VIEW, OR USE CONTENT ON THE PLATFORM HAVE THE ABILITY AND THE RESPONSIBILITY TO ADJUST THEIR ACCOUNT SETTINGS TO ONLY DISPLAY CONTENT THAT IS APPROPRIATE FOR THAT USER’S AGE OR SENSITIVITIES. IF YOU FIND CONTENT THAT IS NOT THE TYPE OF CONTENT THAT YOU WANT TO VIEW, IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO ADJUST YOUR ACCOUNT SETTINGS TO filter out the undesireable content OR TO REFRAIN FROM ACCESSING THE PLATFORM, SOFTWARE, OR SERVICES.
III. MODERATION OF CONTENT THAT VIOLATES THE CONTENT STANDARDS
Moderation of content is the process by which content that violates these Content Standards is identified and removed from the Platform. Both the Cricut Community and Cricut itself participate in this process, as described below.
A. MODERATION BY THE CRICUT COMMUNITY
Because it is not possible for Cricut to review all content that gets Posted to the Platform, Software, or Services, Cricut has enabled features that allow the Cricut Community to report content that violates these Content Standards. Cricut Users should not assume that any User Content has been approved by Cricut, regardless of how long that User Content has been available. To the contrary, the Cricut Community is the first line of defense against content that violates these Content Standards.
Although Cricut encourages Users to report content that violates these Content Standards, Users must carefully read and consider these Content Standards before reporting content. It is a violation of these Content Standards and the Terms of Use to knowingly make a false report.
When content is reported by the Cricut Community as violating these Content Standards, that content is subject to removal automatically without further notice or review. To help protect the Cricut Community from inappropriate content, Cricut reserves the right to enable such automatic removal of content or to employ whatever criteria it deems appropriate to determine when reported content is to be removed from the Site. In some cases, this could mean that content reported by the Cricut Community gets removed even though it does not actually violate these Content Standards. Unfortunately, this may be a necessary cost of otherwise protecting the Cricut Community from inappropriate content.
B. MODERATION BY CRICUT
Cricut reserves the right to—but shall not have the obligation to
identify and remove content from the Platform or Services that Cricut determines to be in violation of these Content Standards, even if that content has not been reported by the Cricut Community;
correct or remove content that has been inaccurately categorized and tagged;
choose to review content that has been reported by the Cricut Community and come to a different conclusion than the Cricut Community about whether that content is in violation of these Content Standards;
terminate the Account of Users engaged in blatant or repeated violations of these Content Standards;
To ensure that Cricut is able to help protect the Cricut Community from inappropriate content, Cricut will have no liability to any User as a result of the removal or non-removal of content from the Platform or Services, regardless of timing, notice, or reason.
IV. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS INFRINGEMENT
If any owners of Intellectual Property Rights (including as a copyright or trademark owner, or an authorized agent thereof) have reason to believe that the Platform, Services, any Digital Content, or User Content infringes upon your proprietary rights, please report it to us promptly by way of the procedures we maintain in our the Claims of Intellectual Property Rights Infringement Policy set forth at
https://cricut.com/legal#claims-of-infringement
(“
Claims of Infringement Policy
”).
The Claims of Infringement Policy outlines (i) how best to report alleged infringement inside the Software, (ii) an online Notice of Infringement Form to report alleged infringement, (iii) specific rights you or others may have pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“
DMCA
”) by providing our Copyright Agent with certain required information in writing (see 17 U.S.C §512(c)(3) for further detail), and (iv) contact details to provide any other intellectual property-based feedback, comments, communications, or requests.
[END OF CONTENT STANDARDS]
Cricut offers certain perks, features, benefits, and discounts on its Platform, in the Software, and in connection with its Services through a branded paid subscription experience known as Cricut Access™. Details about the Subscription Plans offered by Cricut and related Benefits are set forth on this webpage (this “
Plans Page
”), which may change from time to time in our sole discretion. Any Free Trial or Subscription will be governed by the
Cricut Terms of Use
and the
Cricut Access Terms
set forth at
https://cricut.com/legal
. Additional details and definitions related to Cricut Access, the Subscription, Subscription Plans, Subscription Benefits, Payment Methods, and Subscription Fees, including automatic renewal, cancellation, and termination can be found in the
Cricut Access Terms
. Cricut Access™ subscriptions automatically renew at monthly or yearly prices listed below until canceled. Cancel your Subscription/Subscription Plan at any time by visiting the Subscriptions section of our Website’s “My Account” page or by
clicking here
.
BENEFITS
FREE
Free version of software offering basic design features, limited content, and a la carte premium digital purchases
Free
STANDARD
Standard software subscription paid monthly or yearly that unlocks full content library, exclusive design features, subscriber-only discounts & more perks
as low as $9.99 / mo.
(billed monthly or yearly; excl. taxes)
PREMIUM
Premium software subscription paid yearly that unlocks full content library, exclusive design features, deeper subscriber-only discounts & our best perks
as low as $119.88 / yr.
(billed yearly; excl. taxes)
DESIGN PERKS
Images
Browse an ever-growing library of images to use in your designs.
3,000+ free images
Additional images purchased a la carte
Entire Cricut Access Image Library
1.5 Million+ images
Entire Cricut Access Image Library
1.5 Million+ images
Fonts
Customize your message with professionally designed fonts for cutting & writing in any style.
100+ free fonts
A la carte fonts (sold separately)
+ System Fonts on your device
Entire Cricut Access Font Library
1,000+ fonts
+ System Fonts on your device
Entire Cricut Access Font Library
1,000+ fonts
+ System Fonts on your device
Cricut Contributing Artist Program
Bring your designs to life with original artwork created by artists from around the world.
Not included
Purchased a la carte
Entire Contributing Artist Library
1.2 Million+ images
Entire Contributing Artist Library
1.2 Million+ images
Licensed Digital Content
1
Access exclusive content from partners like Disney®, Marvel®, and many others.
Not included; No Discount
Purchased a la carte
Some included free + Others 10% Discount
Some included free + Others 10% Discount
Uploaded Images
Upload your own images to Design Space.
✔
✔
✔
Projects
Craft with confidence with ready-to-make projects for every reason & season.
250+ projects
Entire Cricut Access Project Library
100,000+ projects
Entire Cricut Access Project Library
100,000+ projects
Shapes
Design using popular graphic elements.
20 shapes
60+ shapes
60+ shapes
Limited Commercial Use
2
Permission allowing you limited commercial rights to certain Digital Content, so you create and sell for profit - see
Angel Policy
for details.
✔
✔
✔
DESIGN SPACE® SOFTWARE FEATURES
Automatic Background Remover
Automatically remove the background from your uploaded image.
Not Included
✔
✔
Collections
Save and organize content for every project & occasion.
5 collections
Unlimited collections
Unlimited collections
Convert to Layers
Instantly turn designs into editable layers.
Not Included
✔
✔
Create AI
0*3
Create AI-generated images optimized for your Cricut cutting machine.
Not Included
20 Create AI credits monthly
20 Create AI credits monthly
Create Sticker
0
Create your own custom stickers in a snap.
Not Included
✔
✔
Monogram Maker
0*
Create hundreds of personalized monograms.
Not Included
✔
✔
Warp
Easily transform multi-layer text, images, and shapes.
Not Included
✔
✔
CRICUT.COM SHOP
Everyday Discount
4
Enjoy an amazing everyday discount off your entire Cricut.com order.
Not Included
10% OFF - Cricut.com Purchases EVERYDAY
including machines (up to $50 savings per item)
10% OFF - Cricut.com Purchases EVERYDAY
including machines (up to $100 savings per item)
Cricut Materials Discount
5
Get additional savings for choosing Cricut materials.
Not Included
Not Included
20% OFF - Cricut Materials EVERYDAY
Cricut Access™ Exclusives
Unlock subscriber-only deals like heavily-discounted materials, blanks, bundles, and more.
Not Included
✔
✔
Coupons
6
Receive digital coupons to spend on cricut.com.
Not Included
$10 coupon every 3 months
+ includes Free Shipping (no minimum required)
$10 coupon every 3 months
+ includes Free Shipping (no minimum required)
Shipping Discounts
7
Get free shipping based on certain shopping thresholds.
Not Included
Not Included
FREE Shipping EVERYDAY
Free Economy Shipping on $50+ orders
MEMBER CARE SUPPORT
Cricut Member Care
Chat with an expert to help you answer all your crafting questions.
✔
✔
✔
Priority Member Care
Jump the queue to speak with a friendly human during Member Care hours.
Not Included
✔
✔
Disclaimers and Details
⁰
Beta Feature - All Beta Features are provided solely for your evaluation and feedback and are made available on an “AS-IS”, “AS-AVAILABLE” basis without any warranties or guarantees of any kind. See
Terms of Use
for details.
*
Desktop Only Feature - Certain features are currently available on Design Space® for Desktop only, and therefore not available or compatible with mobile apps.
Licensed Digital Content includes certain digital images, art, fonts, projects, and related digital content licensed by Cricut from third-party owners and other licensors—to be accessed and used on a license basis only, and only in connection with the Software and Cricut Device(s). Discount applies only to Licensed Digital Content purchased on cricut.com and in the Design Space® app. Certain restrictions may apply, see
Terms of Use
and checkout for details. Licensed Digital Content is not available for any commercial use - see
Angel Policy
for details.
All Digital Content presented in the Software is for personal, non-commercial use except as expressly permitted in the
Angel Policy
, whereby Cricut and certain licensors provide our Users a limited Permission to sell certain Finished Projects made with the use of the Software, Digital Content, and/or Devices but not others. See
Terms of Use
for details.
Powered by artificial intelligence, so outputs may be incomplete or have mistakes. Generated images are single layer and black only for simple, successful cuts. Create AI can include mistakes - please check for accuracy. See "Artificial Intelligence" section in
Terms of Use
for details.
Cricut Access Everyday Discount applies only to cricut.com purchases only (capped at $50 or $100 savings per item, depending on Subscription Plan). Terms and exclusions apply - see checkout for details. Subject to
Cricut Access Terms
.
Cricut Access Premium - Cricut Materials Discount applies only to cricut.com purchases of each individual "Materials" SKUs $500.00 or less for Premium Subscription Plan users only. Cannot be combined with Everyday Discount. Terms and exclusions apply - see checkout for details.
Coupons valid only for select countries where a Cricut.com SHOP Website exists. Must be signed in as a valid paying Cricut Access subscriber to be eligible for coupons (not eligible to Free Trial members). Coupons savings and code available only in cart, and coupon can be applied only to purchases of Materials, Tools & Accessories, and select materials bundles; excludes machines, heat presses, lighting, machine/heat press bundles, Protection Plans, and digital purchases (e.g., Cricut Access, Digital Content purchases, Design Space purchases, etc.). Valid for one-time use only during given quarter of coupon validity — if purchase does not exceed coupon amount, no refunds, credits, or rollovers. Coupon may be combined with certain cricut.com sales and promos and your Cricut Access Everyday Discount, but cannot be combined with any other offers. Coupons are not transferable.
Free shipping applies to orders subtotaling $50.00 or more before taxes and fees. Economy shipping only. No guaranteed delivery time, subject to third-party ship time and availability.
About Cricut
About Cricut
About
Press
Our Blog
Cricut Learn
Leadership
Board Members
Careers
Investor Relations
Contact us
Products
Products
Design Space
Heat Guide
Troubleshooting & Help
Product Registration
Product Documentation
Declarations of Conformity
Policies
Policies
Legal
Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Shipping & Returns
Cookie Settings
Stay in the know — we’ll send you offers & more.
Sign Up
Contact Us:
0808 101 7032
United Kingdom - English
© 2026 Cricut, Inc. All rights reserved.
10855 S River Front Pkwy, South Jordan, UT 84095
Sesame Street® and associated characters, trademarks and design elements are owned and licensed by Sesame Workshop. © 2022 Sesame Workshop. All rights reserved.




ADVENTURE TIME, BEN 10, THE POWERPUFF GIRLS, STEVEN UNIVERSE, WE BARE BEARS, RICK AND MORTY, AQUA TEEN HUNGER FORCE, CHOWDER, COURAGE THE COWARDLY DOG, COW AND CHICKEN , DEXTER'S LABORATORY, ED, EDD N EDDY, FOSTER'S HOME FOR IMAGINARY FRIENDS, THE GRIM ADVENTURES OF BILLY & MANDY, I AM WEASEL, JOHNNY BRAVO, ROBOT CHICKEN, SAMURAI JACK and all related characters and elements © & ™ Cartoon Network (sXX); CARTOON NETWORK Logo are © & ™ Cartoon Network (sXX); THE FLINTSTONES, THE JETSONS, SCOOBY-DOO, WACKY RACES, SPACE GHOST COAST TO COAST and all related characters and elements © & ™ Hanna-Barbera (sXX); SCOOB and all related characters and elements © & ™ Hanna-Barbera and Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. (sXX); THUNDERCATS and all related characters and elements ™ of Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. and © Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc and Ted Wolf (sXX); TOM AND JERRY and all related characters and elements © & ™ Turner Entertainment Co. (sXX); TOM AND JERRY and all related characters and elements © & ™ Turner Entertainment Co. And Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. (sXX); BUGS BUNNY BUILDERS: ANIMATED SERIES, LOONEY TUNES, SPACE JAM, SPACE JAM: A NEW LEGACY, ANIMANIACS, PINKY AND THE BRAIN and all related characters and elements © & ™ Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. (sXX); AQUAMAN, BATMAN, CYBORG, DC SUPER FRIENDS, THE FLASH, GREEN LANTERN, JUSTICE LEAGUE, SUPERMAN, WONDER WOMAN and all related characters and elements © & ™ DC. (sXX); AQUAMAN, BATMAN, BATMAN BEGINS, BATMAN FOREVER, BATMAN RETURNS, THE BATMAN, BATMAN & ROBIN, BATMAN V SUPERMAN: DAWN OF JUSTICE, DC SUPER HERO GIRLS, BLACK ADAM, THE DARK KNIGHT RISES, THE DARK KNIGHT, DC LEAGUE OF SUPER-PETS, THE FLASH, JUSTICE LEAGUE, SHAZAM!, BIRDS OF PREY, SUICIDE SQUAD, SUICIDE SQUAD: KILL THE JUSTICE LEAGUE, TEEN TITANS GO! TO THE MOVIES, WONDER WOMAN, WONDER WOMAN 1984, ARROW, BATWHEELS, BATWOMAN, BLACK LIGHTNING, DOOM PATROL, THE FLASH, HARLEY QUINN, LEGENDS OF TOMORROW, STARGIRL, SUPERGIRL, SUPERMAN AND LOIS, TEEN TITANS GO!, TITANS, YOUNG JUSTICE, WATCHMEN, PEACEMAKER and all related characters and elements © & ™ DC and Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. (sXX); All DC characters and elements © & ™ DC. (sXX); A CHRISTMAS STORY, TOONAMI, CASABLANCA, CAPTAIN PLANET AND THE PLANETEERS, THE WIZARD OF OZ and all related characters and elements © & ™ Turner Entertainment Co. (sXX); ELF, DUMB AND DUMBER and all related characters and elements © & ™ New Line Productions, Inc. (sXX); FROSTY THE SNOWMAN and all related characters and elements © & ™ Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. and Classic Media, LLC. Based on the musical composition FROSTY THE SNOWMAN © Warner/Chappell Music, Inc. (sXX); NATIONAL LAMPOON'S CHRISTMAS VACATION, THE POLAR EXPRESS, THE YEAR WITHOUT A SANTA CLAUS and all related characters and elements © & ™ Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. (sXX); THE POLAR EXPRESS book and characters © & ™ 1985 by Chris Van Allsburg. Used by permission of Houghton Mifflin Company. All rights reserved.; THE CURSE OF LA LLORONA, THE EXORCIST, IT, IT CHAPTER TWO, THE LOST BOYS, ANNABELLE, THE CONJURING, THE NUN, GREMLINS, GREMLINS 2: THE NEW BATCH and all related characters and elements © & ™ Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. (sXX); FRIDAY THE 13TH, FREDDY VS. JASON, and all related characters and elements © & ™ New Line Productions, Inc. (sXX); CADDYSHACK, DALLAS, GOODFELLAS, THE GREAT GATSBY, READY PLAYER ONE, THE O.C., PRETTY LITTLE LIARS, WESTWORLD, CORPSE BRIDE, THE BIG BANG THEORY, FRIENDS, BEETLEJUICE, GILMORE GIRLS, GOSSIP GIRL, SUPERNATURAL, VERONICA MARS, THE MATRIX, MORTAL KOMBAT, WILLY WONKA & THE CHOCOLATE FACTORY and all related characters and elements © & ™ Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. (sXX); WB SHIELD: © & ™ Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. (sXX); HOUSE OF THE DRAGON, GAME OF THRONES, and all related characters and elements © & ™ Home Box Office, Inc. (sXX); CHILLING ADVENTURES OF SABRINA, RIVERDALE © & ™ Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. Archie Comics and all related characters and elements © & ™ Archie Comic Publications, Inc. Used with permission. (sXX); SEINFELD and all related characters and elements © & ™ Castle Rock Entertainment. (sXX); TED LASSO © & ™ Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. & Universal Television LLC (sXX); THE HOBBIT: AN UNEXPECTED JOURNEY, THE HOBBIT: THE DESOLATION OF SMAUG, THE HOBBIT: THE BATTLE OF THE FIVE ARMIES, THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE FELLOWSHIP OF THE RING, THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE TWO TOWERS, THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE RETURN OF THE KING and the names of the characters, items, events and places therein are TM of The Saul Zaentz Company d/b/a Middle-earth Enterprises under license to New Line Productions, Inc. (sXX), © Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. All rights reserved; WHERE THE WILD THINGS ARE and all related characters and elements © Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. (sXX); WIZARDING WORLD and all related trademarks, characters, names, and indicia are © & ™ Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. (sXX); © Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. All rights reserved.
Remove Subscription?
×
Close
Some products in your cart can be purchased only with
Cricut Access
and will be removed from your cart as well. Are you sure you want to remove
?
Cancel
Yes
×