General Conditions of Use and General Terms and Conditions

1. INTRODUCTORY PROVISIONS

Welcome to the CSFD.cz website. This website (hereinafter referred to as the “Portal”) supports education in the field of cinematic arts and brings movie fans together through discussions and through the rating and reviewing of films and series. With its extensive database of films, series and their creators, the Portal also comprises an informative map of their quality across genres and historical stages of the cinematic arts.

Please read these Rules, which comprise the Conditions of Use and General Terms and Conditions. Firstly, please familiarise yourself with the Conditions of Use, which govern the use of the Portal. By visiting the Portal, you agree to these Conditions of Use without any reservations. If you intend to register on the Portal and become a User, then Article 4 of these Rules, titled Registration and User Account, and selected provisions of these Rules that pertain exclusively to Users (particularly selected provisions in Article 3 and Article 5 of these Rules) pertain exclusively to you. The provisions governing the Account, use of the Portal and your rights and obligations are collectively referred to as the General Terms and Conditions (hereinafter referred to as the GTC). By agreeing to the Terms and Conditions prior to registering on the Portal, you confirm that you agree to these provisions without any reservations. Please bear in mind that the GTC are binding for all Users and supplement the Conditions of Use, which are binding for all Visitors to the Portal, regardless of whether they are registered Users or not.

If you have any questions regarding the use of this Portal, you can contact us via the contact form.

2. DEFINITION OF TERMS

Rules: This collectively means the Conditions of Use and GTC.
Conditions of Use: This means these General Conditions of Use of the Portal, which are binding for everyone who visits the Portal, regardless of whether they are registered, logged in or unregistered.
GTC: This means the General Terms and Conditions contained within these Rules, which are binding for all Users (though not for unregistered Visitors).
Portal: This means the FilmBooster domain and the CSFD.cz and CSFD.sk domains.
Operator: This means the company POMO Media Group s.r.o., Identification No.: 276 13 658, with its registered office at Londýnská 730/59, Prague 2 – Vinohrady, Postal Code: 120 00, entered in the Commercial Register administrated by the Municipal Court in Prague, ref. no. C 118957.
Civil Code: This means Act No. 89/2012 Coll., the Civil Code, as amended.
Copyright Act: This means Act No. 121/2000 Coll., on Copyright, on the Rights Associated with Copyright and on the Amendment of Certain Acts, as amended.
Visitor: This means any visitor to the Portal, regardless of whether or not such visitor is a registered or unregistered user or whether or not such visitor is logged in.
Account: This means the registered User’s interface containing, among other things, the User’s information and posts.
User: This means a person who is registered on the Portal.
User Content: This means any content, particularly image, sound, text or audiovisual content, e.g. reviews, ratings, texts, photographs, videos, opinions, etc., that the User has published on the Portal.

3. RULES FOR USING THE PORTAL

3.1 Use of the Portal in the full extent is possible upon successful registration of the User.

3.2 The Portal is made available to all Visitors free of charge unless stated otherwise in a specific case. The Portal can be used only in accordance with these Conditions of Use, with the generally binding legal regulations of the Czech Republic and with the generally binding rights of the Visitor as a consumer in accordance with the Visitor’s national rights and, for Users, also in accordance with the GTC.

3.3 In Particular, the Portal may not be used with the aim of causing harm to other persons, sending or publishing unauthorised commercial or other messages, or sending data containing computer code that is capable of adversely affecting the functionality of hardware or software.

3.4 A Visitor is not authorised to use the Portal in a manner other than for his/her own needs. In particular, use of the Portal in the form of dissemination, copying or other technical processing without the verifiable consent of the Operator is prohibited. The content of the Portal is protected by copyright and other legal regulations; the Portal as a whole is protected by the rights of the database’s creator and the individual parts of the Portal are protected by copyright and other rights. Any automated data collection (so-called web scraping), copying, processing or publication without the written consent of the Operator is prohibited. Violation of these terms and conditions shall be considered an unauthorised infringement on the Operator’s rights and may result in legal action, including the filing of a lawsuit due to infringement of rights and may require payment of damages to the Operator.

3.5 The portal enables Users to publish ratings, reviews and other texts relating to individual films, series and film creators. By publishing ratings and contributing reviews via the Portal, the User concurrently declares and guarantees that:

posts are in accordance with the Rules, particularly the Code of Ethics pursuant to Article 6 and intellectual property rights pursuant to Article 5 below.
he/she is the creator of the post, is not appropriating the identity of another person and is not using a false identity or otherwise misleading others with respect to the origin of his her post.
his/her post is an original work and is not in violation of the intellectual property rights of third persons and is, in the general sense, in accordance with Article 5 – Intellectual Property Rights of these Rules.
all content shared by the User is truthful and accurate.
3.6 In addition to the Code of Ethics set forth in Article 6 and Article 5 – Intellectual Property Rights of these Rules, the User further agrees and guarantees that he/she will not publish any content that:

does not relate to the purpose of independent rating of films, series and television shows.
contains a computer virus or instructions on the creation thereof or other potential disruptive or harmful computer programs or files,
that are otherwise illegal or harmful.
3.7 The Operator reserves the right to restrict or terminate the access of any User who violates the Rules and to not publish, modify or delete any post or review in whose case the Operator is, based on its sole consideration, of the opinion that the Rules have been breached. The Operator further reserves the right to not publish the following:

duplicate content.
empty posts
incomprehensible content (e.g. content composed of strings of random characters or nonsensical groupings of words).
3.8 The Operator cannot guarantee that the User will have the option of editing or deleting any content that the User has published. Upon their publication, the User’s written posts and reviews may be checked for the purpose of ensuring that they are in accordance with the Rules.

4. REGISTRATION AND USER ACCOUNT

4.1 Every Visitor who wants to use all functionalities of the Portal shall register by completing the electronic form intended for such purpose on the Portal. Every such registered user may have only one active Account.

4.2 In the course of registration, the Visitor registering is obligated to enter truthful and correct data exclusively about himself/herself. If the data set forth in the Account changes, the User is obligated to update such data without undue delay. The data set forth in the account is considered to be accurate and truthful. By means of such free registration, an Account will be created for the User.

4.3 The User logs in to his/her account under his/her user name and access is secured by means of a password. The User is obligated to maintain confidentiality with respect to the information required for access to his/her account. The User does not have the right to share his/her Account access data with anyone and is obligated to protect such access data in such a manner that it is not disclosed or used by any third party. The User has the right to change his/her password at any time. The User may reset his/her lost or forgotten password by means of the form intended for such purpose on the Portal. However, the number of attempts to access the Account may be limited in order for the Operator to prevent fraudulent conduct.

4.4 The User is not authorised to enable third parties to in any way use or log in to his/her account. In the event that the User enables third parties to access his/her account, the User shall be liable for any damage that may arise on the part of the Operator or on the part of such third parties. The Operator shall not be liable for any damage that may arise on the part of the User or on the part of any other parties.

4.5 The Operator reserves the right to unilaterally terminate the User’s Account without stating a reason and without notification. In particular, this may involve deletion of the Accounts of Users who have not logged in for an extended period of time if the Operator suspects conduct that is in conflict with the rules or fraudulent or other illegal conduct on the part of the given User or other third parties. If you become aware of any fraudulent conduct, please do not hesitate to contact us via the contact form.

4.6 The User may request cancellation of his/her account at any time here.

4.7 Termination of an Account shall result in the complete deletion of all data and personal information that the Operator processes about the User. However, deletion of the User’s personal data will also result in the automatic termination of such User’s access to the user section, which is intended exclusively for registered Users of our Portal. If the User has created User Content within the meaning of the definition contained in the Rules of the Portal (particularly reviews or ratings) in connection with his/her use of the Portal, such content may be anonymised.

4.8 The User is aware that his/her account may not be available uninterruptedly. The Operator reserves the right to change or terminate any services provided on the Portal and to carry out hardware and software maintenance without prior notice. The Operator shall not be liable for any damage caused by any change or unavailability of the Portal.

4.9 The User shall pay any additional fees for access to and use of the internet.

5. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

5.1 We regularly invest in the development of this Website. The Portal and its elements (e.g. trademarks, images, texts, videos, etc.) are protected by intellectual property rights, particularly copyright and the rights of the database’s creator pursuant to the Copyright Act. Any use, duplication or display of the Portal (or parts thereof) in any media other than for personal purposes is prohibited. Without the written consent of the Operator, the following are also expressly prohibited:

reproduction, distribution or publication of any content on the Portal, whether in its original or modified form, by any methods or means including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical or other methods.
creation of derivative works from any part of the Portal’s content and editing, translation or any other form of modification of such content, including the use of the Portal’s content for the purpose of creating one’s own products, services or projects.
commercial use of the Portal’s content, including any use for commercial purposes, in advertising or marketing, or in any other commercial context.
unauthorised downloading, copying or storage of the Portal’s content, whether in connection with individual parts or as a whole, by means of automated tools (scraping, crawling) or by any other means.
5.2 Via the Portal, we provide visitors with content intended exclusively for their personal and private needs. Any commercial use of the Portal or any constituent part thereof without the express written consent of the Operator is prohibited and is in conflict with good morals of competition, is unfair in the meaning of the Civil Code and could cause material damage and non-material harm on the part of the Operator. In such a case, the Operator is entitled to seek compensation for such damage and harm by judicial means.

5.3 Via the Portal, we provide the User with space for sharing User Content. By publishing User Content on the Portal, the User thereby grants the Operator a free, irrevocable, transferable, time-unlimited, quantity-unlimited and territorially unlimited license, with the right to issue a sublicense, for any use of the User Content, including duplication, display, distribution and copying, and thereby gives his/her consent to any alteration, modification and editing of such User Content, translation of the User Content into other languages, creation of derivative works, incorporation of the User Content into other works, inclusion of the User Content in a database and public dissemination of such User Content (in whole or in part). The Operator is authorised to publish and distribute User Content to third parties, on the Portal and in other language versions of the Portal, for example under the FilmBooster brand (“License”). Such license shall be automatically transferred to the legal successor of the Operator or, as the case may be, to any entity that becomes the new owner and operator of the Portal.

5.4 The User is obligated to obtain all necessary licenses and permissions for use from all relevant rights holders in connection with any User Content that the User publishes or shares via the Portal, including all intellectual property rights, literary, artistic and industrial property rights, and personality rights (including the right to one’s likeness). The User expressly declares that he/she is authorised and has all pertinent rights and permissions to place User Content on the Portal and to grant a License in the scope pursuant to the preceding article and further declares that the placement of such User Content on the Portal and granting of a License do not infringe on the rights of third parties. If such declaration of the User proves to be untruthful, the User shall be liable for all damages and harm that may arise as a consequence of such untruthful declaration.

5.5 The User shall bear in mind that social networks such as Facebook, Instagram and TikTok, among others, are platforms under the ownership of third parties and, therefore, the dissemination and use of User Content on such social networks are governed by the terms and conditions of use established by such third parties. Therefore, the Operator does not bear any responsibility for any use of content by a Visitor or by any third parties in accordance with the terms and conditions of use established by such social networks, including, in particular, in connection with the scope and duration of rights for which a license has been granted. The User shall bear responsibility for dealing with any demands from third parties in connection with the use of content in accordance with the terms and conditions of use established by social networks.

5.6 The Operator hereby further informs the User that any User Content may appear in the results of internet search engines and can therefore be accessible to persons outside of this Portal.

5.7 The User shall bear in mind and agrees that if User Content to which the Operator holds a License in the scope specified above is translated at the behest of the Operator, such translation shall constitute a derivative work created by the Operator and all material rights to such translation shall be exercised by the Operator. The User is not entitled to use, disseminate or otherwise dispose of such translation unless the Operator grants to the User written consent for such purpose. To eliminate any doubt, the Operator asserts that in the event of a translation of User Content performed by the User himself/herself, the Operator also holds the License to such translation in the scope specified in Article 5.3.

5.8 The User shall further bear in mind and agree that in the case when his/she creates and publishes on the Portal User Content relating to films, series, personalities or other works, e.g. trivia, biographies or content annotations (summaries, plot synopses, annotations to works), i.e. User Content other than reviews or ratings, the Operator may carry out grammar corrections and stylistic or other modifications prior to the publishing of such User Content on the Portal. In the event that the Operator has made corrections or stylistic or other modifications to the User Content, the Contracting Parties agree that the User grants to the Operator a free, irrevocable, exclusive, transferable, time-unlimited, quantity-unlimited and territorially unlimited license to such work processed by the Operator, with the right to grant a sublicense for any use of the User Content, including duplication, display, distribution and copying, and thereby gives his/her consent to any alteration, modification and editing of such User Content, translation of the User Content into other languages, creation of derivative works, incorporation of the User Content into other works, inclusion of the User Content in a database, and public dissemination of the User Content (in whole or in part). The Operator is authorised to publish and distribute User Content to third parties, on the Portal and in other language versions of the Portal, including, for example, under the FilmBooster brand.

5.9. In accordance with the conditions set forth below, you are not authorised to use the Portal in any manner or publish on the Portal any User Content that could damage the good name, reputation or rights of any third parties.

5.10 Unless the Operator states otherwise in relation to material published by the Operator, materials associated with the topic of film (e.g. film posters, photographs, promotional videos such as interviews, trailers and behind-the-scenes films) that are published on the Portal by the User or by the Operator are not by any means published for commercial purposes. By publishing such materials, the Operator neither establishes nor asserts its own copyright or other rights to those materials.

5.11 Any User Content that you publish on the Portal is based on your own free decision-making and you shall bear sole responsibility for it. The Operator is responsible only for its own content published on the Portal. Outside content, i.e. particularly content published on the Portal by the User, shall be the responsibility of the User who published such content, including the fact that such content does not infringe on the rights of third parties. The Operator is not responsible for the accuracy, correctness or topicality of the content published on the Portal.

5.12 The Operator is not in any way responsible or liable for any assurances of persons or entities advertising on the Portal and is not a party to any legal relationship that the User may establish with such third parties.

5.13 The Operator hereby informs the User that User Content may not be in conflict with the legal regulations of the Czech Republic in force, the generally binding rights of the Visitor as a consumer in accordance with his/her national rights, or with generally accepted moral principles or with the principles set forth in the Rules. With respect to this, the Operator reserves the right to remove, at any time, any User Content that is in violation of the Rules, including the Code of Ethics pursuant to Article 6 of these GTC.

6. CODE OF ETHICS

6.1 We respect values such as mutual tolerance and mutual respect.

For this reason, when using the Portal, you agree that will not:

publish any racist, violent, xenophobic, defamatory, abusive, obscene or illegal comments.
disseminate any content that could be harmful, derogatory, unauthorised or defamatory, or content that would violate the rights to protection of privacy or personality, incite violence or racial or ethnic hatred, or that could be considered substantially immoral or inciteful of certain criminal or other illegal acts.
use the Portal for political, propagandistic or religious purposes
use the Portal for purposes other than those for which it is intended, including the use of the Portal as a dating site.
disseminate any information that could directly or indirectly make it possible to identify a person or a person’s name and personal data, e.g. surname, address, e-mail address and/or telephone number, without such person’s prior express consent.
disseminate any information or content that could be upsetting for child visitors.
intimidate or harass others.
allow any illegal activities, including activities that may violate the rights of any person or entity to any software, photographs, images, texts, videos, etc.
disseminate content (including photographs and videos) depicting minors.
6.2 If you become aware of any User Content that would be illegal, tolerant of crimes against humanity, incite racial hatred or violence, or would be connected with child pornography, the shall inform us of such fact without undue delay here. In your message, you shall state the date when you discovered the content in question, your identity, the URL address, a description of the content and the user identification data of the content creator.

6.3 If you believe that any content on the Portal is in conflict with these Rules or is in violation your rights or the rights of third parties (e.g. any breach, offence or invasion of privacy), you can inform us of such fact by means of the contact form here, or send us a letter containing all details to the address of the Operator’s place of business. In your letter, please state the date when you discovered the reported content, your identity, the URL address, a description of the content and the user identification data of the content creator.

This notification should also contain the following:

date of the notification.
if the sender is a natural person: surname, first name and middle name, if any.
description and specific location of the reported content (e.g. a link to the URL of the reported content).
the reasons that such content should be removed, including links to the relevant legal regulations and an explanation (substantiation) relating to the reported facts.
a copy of all correspondence sent to the creator and/or publisher of the reported information or activities in which you request that the content no longer be made public or that it be removed or altered, or the reasons that it was not possible to contact the creator or publisher.
6.4 Incomplete notifications may not be taken into consideration. If, in reporting any content or activity as being illegal, anyone states false or inaccurate information in order to have such content removed or to halt its dissemination, the Operator is not required to take such notification into consideration.

7. INFORMATION PRESENTED ON THE PORTAL

7.1 We hereby inform you that inaccuracies and deficiencies may appear in the information presented on the Portal, particularly due to the involvement of third parties. As soon as we become aware of a shortcoming on the Portal, we eliminate any such inaccuracies or add missing information as quickly as possible.

7.2 Advice provided on this Portal consists only in recommendations that must be further verified with relevant experts if necessary. The information contained therein serves solely for general orientation and is by no means a substitute for consultation with experts who specialise in the given area. Therefore, we cannot guarantee your complete satisfaction with such advice and we do not bear any responsibility for the use thereof on your part.

7.3 By using hypertext links shown on the Portal, you can reach websites operated by third parties whose content we have no control over. Therefore, such hypertext links on the Portal serve solely for your convenience in browsing the internet, and viewing the websites of such third parties is done based on your decision and you shall bear sole responsibility for such decision.

8. PERSONAL DATA

8.1 Information on how the Operator handles your personal data is available in the Personal Data Protection Policy.

9. CHANGES TO THE PORTAL, THE CONDITIONS OF USE AND THE GTC

9.1 The content and information presented on the Portal and in these Rules may be amended, particularly for the purpose of complying with any new legal and/or administrative regulations or the purpose of improving the Portal.

9.2 We publish changes to the Portal or the Conditions of Use on the Portal. Your continued use of the Portal will be considered to be your agreement with the new Conditions of Use without reservations.

9.3 We will announce any change of the GTC for Users via the Portal. If any such change does not require your express consent, your continued use of the Portal shall be considered to be your agreement with the new GTC.

10. EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY

10.1 We make every effort to ensure uninterrupted access to the Portal. Unfortunately, it is not possible to guarantee the uninterrupted availability and accessibility of the Portal. In exceptional cases, it may be necessary to suspend access to the Portal or parts thereof, particularly for the purpose of technical maintenance.

10.2 The Operator hereby further states that the internet, information technologies and telecommunications networks are not infallible and disruptions of operation and failures can occur. With respect to such fact, we cannot guarantee their correct functioning and we are therefore not liable for any damage that may occur in connection with using the internet, information technologies and telecommunications networks in general, including, in particular, the following:

poor quality of signal for sending and receiving any data or information via the internet.
any external attack or computer virus.
any failure of the receiving equipment or communications networks.
any failure of the internet that could hinder the proper functioning of the Portal.
10.3 The Operator’s liability is limited to direct damages with the exclusion of any other damages and losses. More precisely, we do not bear any responsibility for indirect damages, particularly in connection with the loss of profit, revenues or goodwill.

11. FINAL PROVISIONS

11.1 These Rules are governed by the legal regulations of the Czech Republic in force, particularly the Civil Code, as well as the generally binding rights of the Visitor as a consumer in accordance with his/her national rights.

11.2 If you have any questions, please contact us here.

11.3 If any disputes arise between the Operator and the Visitor that cannot be resolved amicably, the Visitor has the right to contact the Czech Trade Inspection Authority, where the given dispute between the Operator and the Visitor can be resolved out of court. The form pertaining to out-of-court resolution of consumer disputes is available here: https://adr.coi.cz/cs.

Published by POMO Media Group s.r.o.
Date: 17 November 2025