Website Terms of Use
Access to the CTA's web site is provided subject to the following terms and conditions. Your use of this site will indicate your acceptance of these terms. We may periodically change the terms without notice, so please check them from time to time as your continued use of the site signifies your acceptance of the terms and conditions, including changed items.

Disclaimer
The CTA is not responsible or liable for any viruses or other contamination of your system or for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions arising out of your use of the site or with respect to the material contained on the site, including without limitation, any material posted on the site. This site and all materials contained on it are distributed and transmitted "as is" without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation, warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. The CTA is not liable for any actual, special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages that may arise from the use of, or the inability to use, the web site and or the materials contained on the site whether the materials contained on the site are provided by the CTA or a third party.

Copyright
The CTA retains copyright rights on graphic images and the content of this web site. This means that you may not: (1) distribute the text or graphics to others without the express written permission of the CTA; (2) "mirror" this information on your web site without permission; or (3) modify or re-use the text or graphics on this web site. You may: (1) print copies of the information for your own personal use; and (2) reference this web site from your own documents. Commercial use of this information is prohibited without the written permission of the CTA. In all copies of this information, you must include this notice and any other copyright notices originally included with such information.

Trademark
The trademarks, service marks, and logos (the "Trademarks") used and displayed herein are registered and unregistered Trademarks of the Chicago Transit Authority. Nothing herein should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed herein, without the written permission of the Trademark owner.

Children
The CTA requests that parents supervise their children while online. No personal information should be provided by minor children without parental consent.

Links
The links on this site may connect you with sites that are not under the control of the CTA. The appearance of a link on this site to another web site does not imply the CTA's endorsement, nor is the CTA responsible for the contents of any linked site. You access the links at your own risk.

Privacy
For an explanation of the CTA's practices and policies related to the collection, use and storage of information about your visit to this web site, please refer to the Privacy Policy Statement contained on this web site.

Jurisdiction
Any dispute arising from these terms shall be resolved exclusively in the state and federal courts located in the City of Chicago.

