CT Lottery Official Web Site - Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions of Use
Welcome to the CT Lottery. Thank you for your interest in our website and mobile apps (collectively, Services). These Terms and Conditions of Use (Terms of Use) govern your access to and use of the Services on which they are found, so please read them carefully. In some instances, separate terms and conditions
(Additional Terms)
may apply to websites or mobile apps administered on our behalf
(Affiliated Services)
. By accessing or using the Services you accept and agree to these Terms of Use and our
Privacy Policy
, and if you access or use our Affiliated Services, then you accept and agree to the Additional Terms that may apply. If you do not accept or agree to these terms, then please do not use the Services or Affiliated Services.
You understand and agree that the CT Lottery may revise these Terms of Use and/or information contained on any of its Services at any time and without notice to you. By continuing to access and use the Services after the changes are made, you accept and agree to be bound by these changes. If we update these Terms of Use, then changes will be reflected on this page and we will update the Effective date identified at the end of this policy.
As used in these Terms of Use, the words “you” and “your” refer to each individual accessing the Services. The words “CT Lottery,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to the Connecticut Lottery Corporation acting on behalf of itself and, where applicable, its third-party licensors. You will also notice that we capitalize additional words in these Terms of Use even though grammatical rules do not require capitalization. We do this because, in the context of these Terms of Use, these words have specific meanings that can be found where the capitalized words are placed in bold text inside parentheses.
Age Restriction.
Connecticut law prohibits anyone under the age of 18 from participating in the games and programs we offer and, therefore, the Services and Content (as defined in the Content section) displayed herein are not for the use of individuals under the age of 18. If you are under 18 years old, then please do not access or use the Services or the Content.
Rights and Conditions.
You may access and use the Services and the Content solely for personal, non-commercial, lawful purposes and to the extent such use does not violate these Terms of Use including, without limitation, the prohibitions listed in the “Prohibited User Conduct” section. You may also download or print a single copy of the Content in connection with your permitted use. Any commercial distribution, publishing, or exploitation of the Services, or any Content, is strictly prohibited. We are not responsible or liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with these Terms of Use.
Content.
The content made available on the Services, including text, images, graphics, logos, designs, audio, video, and other information, code, data, and materials (collectively, Content) is provided to you for your information only. The CT Lottery makes no representations or guarantees that the Content is accurate or complete, that the Content is current, that the Content will be error-free (either technically or with respect to typographical errors), or that specific results will be obtained from the use of the Content. Information from the Content, including prize and jackpot information, must always be independently verified by you. The Content does not constitute legal, tax, financial, or advice of any other kind and cannot be used or relied upon for these purposes.
Winning Numbers.
Official winning numbers are those numbers selected in the respective game drawings under the observation of the Department of Consumer Protection and recorded in the gaming system. Official jackpot prize awards are those numbers contained in the gaming system maintained by the CT Lottery. Applicable law and Official Game Rules apply. In the event of a discrepancy between information on the Services regarding winning numbers, jackpots, or prize payouts, and information in the Official Game Rules or applicable law, information contained in the Official Game Rules and applicable law shall prevail. Under no circumstances will we be liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on Content. It is, therefore, your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information or other elements of the Content.
Rules for Promotions.
Second-chance drawings, sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (collectively, Promotions) made available through the Services may be governed by rules that are separate from these Terms of Use. If you participate in any Promotion, then please review the applicable rules. If the rules for a Promotion conflict with these Terms of Use, then the Promotion rules will apply.
Submitted Materials.
Any information, creative works, ideas, suggestions, concepts, or other materials submitted or sent to us on your own or at our request (collectively, Submitted Materials) may be used by us in any manner consistent with the CT Lottery’s
Privacy Policy
. By submitting or sending Submitted Materials to us, you: (a) understand that the CT Lottery cannot guarantee any confidentiality with respect to Submitted Materials; (b) represent and warrant that you are authorized to provide the Submitted Materials and that the Submitted Materials do not infringe upon any third party’s rights or contain any false, libelous, tortious,  unlawful, or otherwise objectionable information; (c) represent and warrant that the Submitted Materials are accurate and current; and (d) grant to us a royalty-free, no compensation-required, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, and fully transferable, assignable, and sub-licensable right and license to copy, reproduce, modify, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, display, export, and otherwise use such Submitted Materials (in whole or part) and/or to incorporate them in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed. We cannot be responsible for maintaining any Submitted Materials that you provide to us, so you should retain all such data and information in your own records.
CLC’s Privacy Policy.
Our collection, use, storage, and disclosure of certain information about you obtained through the Services is subject to the CT Lottery’s
Privacy Policy
, which is incorporated in these Terms of Use by reference for all purposes.
Additional Terms for Mobile Application Users.
Our mobile apps may be available for download from popular third-party app stores. By downloading the app, you agree to our Terms of Use, as well as the following additional terms specific to mobile apps:
Right to Use.
The CT Lottery grants you a limited, non-exclusive, personal, non-assignable, and non-transferable license to use authorized downloads of our mobile apps on any mobile computing device that you own or control and that has the necessary operating systems and device specifications. These rights last for so long as the applicable mobile app continues to be compatible with your device, including to the degree we may provide updates to the mobile apps to reflect changes in operating systems and device specifications. These rights do not allow you to use the mobile apps on any device that you do not own or control. You similarly may not distribute or make mobile apps available over a network where they could be used by others individually or via multiple devices at the same time. These Terms of Use will govern any upgrades we may provide, unless such upgrade is accompanied by a separate end user license, in which case the terms of that license will govern.
General Restrictions and Conditions of License.
You may not copy, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code or object code of, modify, or create derivative works of the mobile apps, any updates, or any part thereof. You may not use or otherwise export or re-export the mobile apps except as authorized by United States law and the laws of the jurisdiction in which the mobile app was obtained. You acknowledge that the mobile apps may contain features and functionality designed to render them incapable of being used except as permitted under these Terms of Use. IF YOU BREACH THESE RESTRICTIONS, THEN YOU MAY BE SUBJECT TO PROSECUTION AND DAMAGES.
Acknowledgments.
In addition to these Terms of Use, your rights to possess and use the mobile apps are further subject to the usage rules and other terms and conditions found at the applicable app store from which you downloaded the app. These Terms of Use apply between you and the CT Lottery and do not in any way affect the owner or operator of the app store. Such owners and operators are, however, third-party beneficiaries of the mobile apps, which means that, if we fail to enforce these terms adequately, then they may step in and do so themselves. Finally, you acknowledge that we, and not such owner or operator, are responsible for addressing your concerns relating to the mobile apps. Although we try to keep our mobile apps updated, you acknowledge that neither we nor the third-party owners or operators of the app store have any obligation to do so.
Prohibited User Conduct.
You warrant and agree that, while using the Services, you shall not: (a) retrieve, alter, or destroy Content, including alterations to the wording of any on-line forms or registrations; (b) probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of a system or network on, from, or through the Services; (c) breach or defeat system or network security measures on, from, or through the Services, including authentication, authorization, confidentiality, intrusion, detection, or monitoring; (d) interfere with or disrupt the Services or our business, including our systems, operations, products and services, network, or telecommunications devices or those of our third-party suppliers, and any users of the Services; (e) remove, modify, or obscure any proprietary-rights notices that we place on any component of the Services; (f) engage in spidering, “screen scraping,” “database scraping,” harvesting of contact or personal information, or any other automatic means of accessing, logging-in, or registering on the Services or for any Content offered on or through the Services, or obtaining or accessing other information or features on, from, or through the Services, including any information residing on any server or database connected to the Services; (g) impersonate any person or entity or misrepresent your affiliation with any other person or entity; (h) transmit, distribute, disseminate, publish, or store any information that is in violation of any applicable law or regulation or constitutes or contains false or misleading indications of origin, endorsement, or statements of fact or is fraudulent, libelous, defamatory, abusive, obscene, indecent, or harassing, or that threatens or encourages injury to persons or property or infringement of the lawful rights of any party; (i) violate the privacy rights of any party under applicable law or regulation; (j) use any technology that is or reasonably should be known to contain malware or any computer code, files, or other similar programs designed to disrupt, destroy, gain unauthorized access to, corrupt, observe, or modify without authorization, any of our data, software, systems, network devices, or telecommunications equipment or those of our third-party suppliers and any authorized user; (k) use the Services to send, relay, forward, bounce, reply, or otherwise route commercial or non-commercial unsolicited electronic messages (commonly referred to as “spam”) or commercial electronic messages, even if previously solicited by the intended recipient, including by inserting your own or a third party’s advertising, branding, or other promotional content into any of the Content or materials, including chain letters or pyramid schemes of any kind; (l) use or access the Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use; (m) frame or use framing techniques to enclose any Trademark or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of the CT Lottery, its licensors, or its content suppliers, without prior express written consent in each instance; (n) use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing the Trademarks of the CT Lottery, its licensors, or its content suppliers, without prior express written consent in each instance; (o) make any commercial or non-fair use of the copyrights or Trademarks of the CT Lottery, its licensors, or its content suppliers, without prior express written consent in each instance; (p) use or access the Services in a manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any CT Lottery server or the networks connected to any CT Lottery server; (q) interfere with any third party’s use and enjoyment of the Services; (r) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services, accounts, computer systems, or networks connected to any CT Lottery server through hacking, password mining, or any other means; (s) sublicense any license granted in or materials available through the Services under these Terms of Use (whether or not any such acts are for commercial gain or advantage); or (t) reverse engineer, decompile, modify, or create derivative works from any software accessible by or through the Services, without the software owner’s prior express written consent in each instance.
Third Party Services.
The Services may also contain other third-party services, including links to third-party websites and applications (Third-Party Services). Third-Party Services are provided for informational purposes only and do not constitute an express or implied endorsement by the CT Lottery of the functionalities, actions, settings, policies, or content of Third-Party Services. The CT Lottery does not review, approve, or monitor the information contained on Third-Party Services. Neither the Third-Party Services nor parties related thereto is under our control and, therefore, the CT Lottery is not responsible for any content and does not provide any representation or warranty as to the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, reliability, quality, or effectiveness of any content provided on those Third-Party Services. This also means that if you follow a link to a Third-Party Service, then you are no longer subject to our
Privacy Policy
. You should, therefore, carefully review the privacy statements and other conditions of use and, if applicable, sale related to any Third-Party Services. You should direct any concerns with respect to any Third-Party Services to that service’s administrator or webmaster.
Disclaimer, Liability and Indemnity.
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF THE SERVICES AND THE CONTENT IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE SERVICES AND THE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" OR "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. THE CT LOTTERY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES AND YOUR USE OF THEM, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE CT LOTTERY MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, EFFECTIVENESS, OR THE COMPLIANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE STATUTE, RULE, OR REGULATION OF THE SERVICES, THE CONTENT, OR THE CONTENT OF ANY THIRD-PARTY SERVICES LINKED TO OR FROM THE SERVICES. THE CT LOTTERY ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, INACCURACIES OF, OR FAILURE TO CORRECT INACCURACIES OF, CONTENT, (II) ANY INABILITY TO CONNECT TO OR FROM THE SERVICES OR INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE SERVICES, OR (III) ANY MALWARE OR HARMFUL APPLICATIONS OF ANY KIND THAT MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE SERVICES. THE CT LOTTERY DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE CONTENT CONTAINED IN YOUR USE OF ANY THIRD-PARTY SERVICES. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THE SERVICES OR THE CONTENT, THEN YOUR SOLE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE YOUR USE.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CT LOTTERY OR ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, OR REPRESENTATIVES (CLC PARTIES) OR THE STATE OF CONNECTICUT OR ITS OFFICIALS OR EMPLOYEES (STATE OF CONNECTICUT), BE LIABLE FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, COMPENSATORY, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (EVEN IF EITHER THE CLC PARTIES OR THE STATE OF CONNECTICUT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM ANY ASPECT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES OR THE CONTENT, WHETHER THE DAMAGES ARISE FROM USE OR MISUSE OF THE SERVICES OR THE CONTENT, FROM INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR THE CONTENT, ERRORS, INACCURACIES, OMISSIONS, DEFECTS, OR MALWARE CONTAINED IN THE SERVICES OR THE CONTENT, OR THE DELAY, INTERRUPTION, SUSPENSION, MODIFICATION, ALTERATION, OR TERMINATION OF THE SERVICES OR CONTENT. SUCH LIMITATION SHALL ALSO APPLY WITH RESPECT TO DAMAGES INCURRED BY REASON OF ACCESS OR USE OF ANY THIRD-PARTY SERVICES OFFERED THROUGH THE SERVICES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE PREVIOUS SENTENCE, YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE CLC PARTIES AND THE STATE OF CONNECTICUT WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD-PARTY AND THAT THE RISK OF HARM OR DAMAGE FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU.
You agree to promptly defend, indemnify, and hold the CLC Parties and the State of Connecticut harmless from and against any and all costs, expenses, losses, and liabilities of any kind, including reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements, suffered or incurred by either or both of them in connection with, but not limited to, any allegations, demands, lawsuits (through any appeals), inquiries, or proceedings of any nature (each, an Action) arising from or relating to: your access or use of the Services, your alleged or actual breach or violation of the law or of these Terms of Use, or any Submitted Materials. The CLC Parties and/or the State of Connecticut reserve the right to employ their own counsel in an Action, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the CLC Parties and/or the State of Connecticut, unless (i) you have not employed counsel to defend such Action within a reasonable time after receiving notice of commencement of the Action or (ii) the CLC Parties and/or the State of Connecticut reasonably conclude that there may be defenses available to them, which are different from or additional to those available to you (in which case you shall not have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the CLC Parties or the State of Connecticut), in any of which events such fees and expenses shall be borne by you. You agree to cooperate with the CLC Parties and/or the State of Connecticut in defense of an Action regardless of who controls such defense.
Intellectual Property Rights.
All Content and all rights, title, and interest, including intellectual property rights (including copyrights, patents, and Trademarks), proprietary rights (including trade secrets and database rights) and moral rights (including rights of attribution and authorship) throughout the world in and to the Content, including its compilation, look and feel, design, and organization, is owned by or licensed to the CT Lottery, or is fairly used by the CT Lottery, and is protected by law. The CT Lottery and its licensors expressly reserve all intellectual property rights in the Content. You agree that you will not reproduce, license, sell, publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the Content without prior express written consent of the Content owner in each instance. If you download or print a copy of materials from the Services for a personal, noncommercial, lawful use, then you must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in those materials. Copyright © 1999-2019. Connecticut Lottery Corporation. All rights reserved.
Trademarks.
The trademarks, logos, service marks, trade names, and any other source identifiers (collectively, Trademarks) displayed through the Services are trademarks or registered trademarks of the CT Lottery or third parties that have granted the CT Lottery the right to use such Trademarks, and they may not be used without the prior express written authorization of the Trademark owner. The CT Lottery does not permit the use of its Trademarks in advertising as an endorsement for any product or service, or for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without its prior express written approval in each instance.
Copyright Agent.
We respect the intellectual property rights of others and require that the individuals who use the Services do the same. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, then please forward the following information to the CT Lottery’s Copyright Agent, designated as such pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(2), named below:
Your address, telephone number, and email address;
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
A description of where the alleged infringing material is located;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; and
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
ATTN:  Angelica Mack, Counsel
15 Sterling Drive
Wallingford, CT 06492
voice: (860) 713-2700
fax: (860) 713-2805
e-mail:
copyrightdmca@CTLottery.org
Term and Termination.
These Terms of Use apply to all users of the Services at all times until we supersede and replace them. We may at any time and without notice terminate, change, suspend, add to, or discontinue any aspect of the Services itself or your right to use it. We are not liable for any damages or losses resulting from any such change.
Governing Law.
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut and the U.S. federal laws without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. All proceedings relating to the CT Lottery or these Terms of Use shall be brought in the appropriate state or federal court located in the State of Connecticut, and you hereby irrevocably consent to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of such courts.
Miscellaneous.
Neither any course of conduct between the parties nor any trade practice shall act to modify any provision of these Terms of Use. We may assign our rights and duties under these Terms of Use to any party at any time without notice to you. You agree that, regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action by you arising out of or related to use of the Services or these Terms of Use must be filed by you within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arises, or be forever barred. If a court holds any provision of these Terms of Use unenforceable, then the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect. The waiver of any breach of these Terms of Use will not constitute a waiver of any other or future breach and will not act to amend or negate the rights of the waiving party. You may not assign your rights or obligations under these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use constitute the complete agreement of the CT Lottery and you with respect to its subject matter and supersede all prior agreements and understandings in relation to its subject matter. The provisions of these Terms of Use pertaining to disclaimers, exclusion of damages, limitation of liability, and indemnification shall survive termination. The word “including” is exemplary, meaning “including, without limitation” or “including, but not limited to”, unless otherwise indicated.
Contacting Us
If you have questions about these Terms of Use, then please contact the CT Lottery at 15 Sterling Drive, Wallingford, CT 06492, by phone at (860) 713-2700 or by e-mail at
ctlottery@ctlottery.org
.
Effective: July 18, 2019.
ABOUT US
CAREERS
FAQs
RSS FEED
CONTACT US
DOWNLOAD OUR FREE APPS
DOWNLOAD OUR FREE APPS
CT Lottery App Features:
Lottery Games
Winning Numbers
Retailer Locator & More!
Click here
for instructions
2nd Chance App Features:
2nd Chance Promotions Register
& Enter Non-Winning Scratch Tickets
for a 2nd Chance to Win!
If you or someone you care about has a
gambling problem, help is available.
Call (888) 789-7777
•
Visit
CCPG.ORG/CHAT
Gambling Problem? Help is available.
Call 888.789.7777 or visit
CCPG.ORG
Must be 18 or older for lottery and 21 or older for sports betting.
The CT Lottery makes no representation or guarantee as to the accuracy of the information contained on this website. By using this website, you agree to the terms contained in our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. The information and materials in this website are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind, either, express or implied. In the event of a discrepancy between information on the website regarding winning numbers, jackpots or prize payouts and the CT Lottery’s enabling statutes, official rules, regulations and procedures the enabling statutes, official rules, regulations and procedures shall prevail. All materials on this Website are owned by or licensed to the CT Lottery. Written permission is required from the CT Lottery in order to reproduce, distribute or display any images or content on this Website.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
General Public Provisions
Site Map
Copyright ©   2026
Connecticut Lottery Corporation
.
All rights reserved.
- V 1.19
get unlinked content
payouts
Empty