Website Terms of Use
1. Who we are and how to contact us
currys.co.uk is a site operated by Currys Group Limited (“Currys”, “we”, “us”, “our”). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 504877 and have our registered office at 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. Our VAT number is 226 659 933. We are regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.

To contact us, please visit our Help & Support page for our contact details.

By using currys.co.uk (“our site”), you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them. If you do not agree to these terms, you must not use our site. We recommend that you print a copy of these terms for future reference.

2. There are other terms that may apply to you
These terms of use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our site:

Our Privacy Policy, which explains how we collect, use and store your personal data.
Our Cookie Policy, which sets out information about the cookies on our site.
If you purchase goods or services from our site, our Terms and Conditions of Supply (set out at the top of this page) will apply to the sales.

3. We may make changes to these terms of use and to our site
We amend these terms from time to time. Every time you wish to use our site, please check these terms to ensure you understand the terms of use that apply at that time. These terms were most recently updated on the date shown at the top of this page.

We may update and change our site from time to time to reflect changes to our products, our users' needs and our business priorities.

4. We may suspend or withdraw our site
Our site is made available free of charge. We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of our site for business and operational reasons. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal where possible.

You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms of service, and that they comply with them.

5. We may transfer this agreement to someone else
We may transfer our rights and obligations under these terms to another organisation. We will always tell you in writing if this happens and we will ensure that the transfer will not affect your rights under the contract.

6. Our site is only for users in the UK
Our site is directed to people residing in the United Kingdom. We do not represent that content available on or through our site is appropriate for use or available in other locations.

7. You must keep your account details safe
If you choose, or you are provided with, an account username, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable your account at any time if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.

If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your account details, you must promptly notify us using the contact details on our Help & Support page.

8. How you may use material on our site
We, our Group of companies and our suppliers own the copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in all material and content on our site. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.

You may use, download, copy, publish, transmit or otherwise make available by any other means the material and content on our site only for your own personal, non-commercial use. Any other use or reproduction of the material or content is strictly prohibited.

You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our site.

You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text. You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.

Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged (except where the content is user-generated).

If you print off, copy, download, share or repost any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made (except that you are permitted to print off a copy of these terms of use).

9. No text or data mining, or web scraping
You shall not conduct, facilitate, authorise or permit any text or data mining or web scraping in relation to our site or any services provided via, or in relation to, our site for any purpose, including the development, training, fine-tuning or validation of AI systems or models. This includes using (or permitting, authorising or attempting the use of):

Any "robot", "bot", "spider", "scraper" or other automated device, program, tool, algorithm, code, process or methodology to access, obtain, copy, monitor or republish any portion of our site or any data, content, information or services accessed via the same.
Any automated analytical technique aimed at analysing text and data in digital form to generate information or develop, train, fine-tune or validate AI systems or models which includes but is not limited to patterns, trends and correlations.
The provisions in this clause should be treated as an express reservation of our rights in this regard, including for the purposes of Article 4(3) of the Digital Copyright Directive ((EU) 2019/790).

You shall not use, and we do not consent to the use of, our site, or any data published by, or contained in, or accessible via, our site or any services provided via, or in relation to, our site for the purposes of developing, training, fine-tuning or validating any AI system or model without our prior written consent.

This clause will not apply insofar as (but only to the extent that) we are unable to exclude or limit text or data mining or web scraping activity by contract under the laws which are applicable to us.

Our site, its content and any services provided in relation to the same are only targeted to, and intended for use by, individuals located in the UK. By continuing to access, view or make use of our site and any related content and services, you hereby warrant and represent to us that you are located in the UK. If you are not located in the UK, you must immediately discontinue use of our site and any related content and services.

10. Rules about linking to our site
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link to our site in any website that is not owned by you. Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.

If you wish to link to or make any use of content on our site other than that set out above, please contact us using the contact details on our Help & Support page.

11. Do not rely on information on this site
The content on our site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site. Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up to date.

12. We are not responsible for websites we link to
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.

13. We are not responsible for viruses and you must not introduce them
We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programs and platform to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software.

You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful, or otherwise harmfully interacting with our site or any part of it. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site or any other equipment or network connected with our site. You must not interfere with, damage or disrupt any software used in the provision of our site or any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party on which this site relies in any way. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.

14. Our responsibility for loss or damage suffered by you
Whether you are a consumer or a business user:

We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
Different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply to liability arising as a result of the supply of any products to you, which will be set out in our Terms and Conditions of Supply (set out at the top of this page).
If you are a business user:

We exclude all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms that may apply to our site or any content on it.
We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with: (a) use of, or inability to use, our site; or (b) use of or reliance on any content displayed on our site.
In particular, we will not be liable for: (a) loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue; (b) business interruption; (c) loss of anticipated savings; (d) loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or (e) any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
If you are a consumer user:

We only provide our site for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our site for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
If defective digital content that we have supplied damages a device or digital content belonging to you and this is caused by our failure to use reasonable care and skill, we will either repair the damage or pay you compensation. However, we will not be liable for damage that you could have avoided by following our advice to apply an update offered to you free of charge or for damage that was caused by you failing to correctly follow installation instructions or to have in place the minimum system requirements advised by us.

15. How we may use your personal information
We will only use your personal information as set out in our Privacy Policy.

16. Which country's laws apply to any disputes?
If you are a consumer, please note that these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by English law. We both agree that the courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction, except that if you are a resident of Northern Ireland, you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are a resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.

If you are a business, these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.


