1. Domain of application of Terms and Conditions
1.1 These Terms and Conditions (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Terms") of www.cylex-uk.co.uk (hereinafter "CYLEX") applies to all the services provided by the Cylex business directory www.cylex-uk.co.uk, unless there are special circumstances for a certain service.
1.2 On the Cylex portal, users (hereinafter referred to as "Users") may search for different information about companies and authorised natural persons, this information having been recorded directly in the Cylex business directory by legal representatives of firms and authorised natural persons in question or being taken from publicly accessible documents. Clients (hereinafter called "Clients") are authorised natural persons, legal persons, partners or private associations, that present their activities on Cylex by using the services offered by the portal or that use the different services that require registration.
1.3 The users or clients can apply for the portal's services offered with or without registration solely on the basis of these terms and conditions. Validity of other conditions is excluded. The terms listed here are still valid if Cylex fulfils an unconditioned request knowing the client's divergent conditions, even if these are different from the ones listed here. Cylex Employees are not authorised to make additional oral agreements.
2. Preliminary conditions for the use of www.cylex-uk.co.uk
2.1 By using the portal services the client or user agrees to comply mandatorily with the terms throughout the use of the Internet portal.
2.2 In order to post ads, to present their business or to use specific services, clients must register in advance. Registration is free. If the client has not completed an application form for registration, and data were taken from public sources, Cylex reserves the right to delete the information without written notice, in case it becomes impossible to update the data from public sources. According to the requirements of the registration form, all the information should be genuine, accurate, current and complete. The client is required to check his/her presentation page on regular intervals and update his/her contact details and offers.
2.3 If the client does not meet the obligations concerning the absolute accuracy and completeness of the information in the fields marked as mandatory, Cylex has the right to temporarily or permanently delete his/her registration temporarily or permanently and to forbid the client to use the registration-based services.
2.4 Minors must not use the portal's services without parental consent. It is the responsibility of their legal representatives to determine which services are appropriate for their child.
2.5 Registration-based services can be used only by individuals who have unlimited legal capacity, who are over the age of eighteen, authorised legal persons and natural persons with residence and registered office in any country in the world. Access to the portal will be automatically cancelled when a customer transfers his/her initial physical or registered office to another country or the data will be transferred to the portal of the country where the new physical or registered office is. The client is required to inform Cylex immediately when he changes the initial address permanently.
3. Regarding of clients and users
3.1 Almost all the services of the portal are free.
3.2 The use of the search functions and CYLEX' portal services does not imply any contractual relationship between the user and supplier. In this sense there will be no contractual or quasi-contractual claims against the supplier CYLEX. Likewise there will never be any claims against the Cylex concerning the online publishing services.
3.3 Cylex offers users and clients a limited usage right - unrestricted in time and space - to use the provided information. This basic right is limited to the search and visualization of the information, for personal use only. Any other use of the provided information is prohibited. The industrial or commercial misuse of the information presented on the portal is strictly prohibited. The creation of information directories, electronic or printed databases, the reproduction, processing or distribution of the information to third parties is prohibited as well. The user can use the portal only in accordance with legal provisions, in particular with the regulations applied to data protection. (see section 7)
3.4 The user is aware of the fact that all rights and responsibilities arising from the use of the internet portal concerning published contents, particularly the copyright law and the right to use, for example the database and files regarding contact information, belong to Cylex or to third parties, especially to the clients and licence suppliers. Databases of the portal are protected by copyright. When using the portal, in addition to these terms, the user should also consider the license terms designated by third parties.
3.5 CYLEX' software programs, object and source codes, logos, texts and images are protected by copyright and partially by trademark rights. Any reproduction, use, unauthorized dissemination of certain materials is prohibited and it is subject to civil and criminal law. A multiple copyright requires written authorization.
3.6 The user or client will make the services provided by Cylex (geographical coordinates, access to maps) accessible to third parties only after first obtaining written permission from CYLEX, where it is not an end client or a visitor of their web site who uses the services for his/her own purposes.
3.7 When infringing upon use rights, clients and users are entirely liable for any damages arising therefrom.
3.8 The user or client undertakes to notify Cylex without delay any occurring error or interruption of services, as well as other threats and evidences of abuse committed by others.
3.9 Users or clients are not allowed to post, send software viruses or any other information, data, programs or content, by e-mail or any other means, designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any software, hardware or telecommunication devices.
3.10 For all the information - photos, graphics, video, news, data, text, software, music, sound, or any other kind of content, whether it is publicly posted or privately transmitted - the entire liability rests solely with the person who has provided that particular content.
3.11 Cylex does not verify the content posted by registered clients or users on the portal, and does not guarantee, nor assume any responsibility for the correctness, integrity or quality of such content.
3.12 Cylex has no control over the content published by the users and clients. The content of the company presentation page cannot have any reference to the following: pornography, adult or mature content, excessive profanity, content related to racial intolerance or advocacy against any individual, group or organization, hacking or cracking content, illicit drugs and drug paraphernalia content, gambling or casino related content, sales of beer or hard alcohol, sales of tobacco or tobacco related products, sales of weapons or ammunition and any other content that is illegal, promotes illegal activity or infringes on the legal rights of others. We reserve the right to delete with immediate effect the presentation page of those companies that contains them. Likewise, you may not publish any data, texts, images, files, links, software or any other content that is considered by Cylex to be illegal, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, hateful, racist or objectionable in any other way.
3.13 Spamming the Cylex portal is prohibited. This particularly includes sending illegal and unsolicited publicity to third parties. When sending emails, it is also prohibited to provide false information concerning the sender, or to hide his/her identity in any other way.
4. Obligations of registered account holders
4.1 When registering on the Cylex portal, the account holder is not allowed to share the password assigned or chosen with third parties. The account holder is responsible for all activities conducted with his/her password. The account holder is required to immediately notify Cylex about any unauthorized use of his/her password and any other breach of security. In order to prevent possible abuses, the account holder is required to use the 'Sign Out' button available, when finishing the activities in the system.
4.2 The client sends all the necessary information to implement the service. He/She reserves the right to transfer and publish data and information. In turn the client undertakes to comply with data protection regulations. Cylex posts the acquired contents of the users online for free.
4.3 The client is fully responsible for the accuracy and legality of the information provided by him/her. This is especially true for clients who have a protected professional title or who are members of a professional association (for example, architects, doctors, tradesmen, lawyers, notaries, accountants etc.). The client explicitly guarantees that the recorded data complies with the local laws.
4.4 The client agrees to indemnify Cylex regarding any third-party claims arising from illegally published information. This obligation of indemnity includes the obligation to relieve the portal’s operator of any legal defence costs (for example: lawyers, court, court of appeal, and legal fees).
4.5 Cylex may send information and explanations concerning Terms, to the e-mail address provided by the client. The client is responsible for regularly checking the e-mail address he/she gave to CYLEX.
4.6 Cylex has the right to inform the client regularly about news and new services in the form of newsletters. Cylex may also ask the client to revise his/her published data for accuracy and to update them if necessary. If Cylex has any reason to believe that the published information is false, inaccurate, outdated or incomplete, Cylex is entitled to ask the client to update the information by e-mail. If the client does not respond to the e-mail, Cylex can delete his/her profile from the portal. Moreover, the client has the option of unsubscribing at each newsletter.
4.7 The registered account holder is fully responsible for access control and for the consequences of any abuse committed during his/her access, as a result of neglected safety measures.
5. Rights of Use
5.1 Cylex is authorized to store contents and to deliver them to third parties if this is required by law or it is necessary and / or permitted by law, in order to:
to comply with legal regulations or judicial / administrative orders
to put into force the terms and conditions
to respond to allegations of copyright infringement by third parties, or to protect the rights, property or personal safety of CYLEX, its users and clients.
5.2 Cylex emphasizes that the technical processing and transmission of contents from clients can be accomplished through different networks. These contents might be slightly changed to meet the technical requirements of connecting networks or other devices (for example different Internet browsers).
5.3 The client guarantees that he/she owns the necessary rights to publish all the texts and materials online. The client transfers all the necessary rights to Cylex for online publication of his/her presentations, namely: the rights of use, the service protection rights of and other rights, including the right to publish, reproduce and distribute corporate logos and pictures in terms of the validity period of the content and of the offers as well.
5.4 By accessing or using our Contact Form you agree with the following conditions of use:
You can use our platform to send an email message to a person, firm, company or other organisation identified for the purpose of obtaining information about the products and services that they may offer. You must not use our contact form to spam or otherwise send unsolicited marketing to those organisations.
We may use personal data in an aggregated form to monitor and evaluate our contact form services and to inform you of important changes over your actions while using Cylex.
6. Limitation of Liability
6.1 Cylex is not responsible for the contents or activities provided by the portal users and clients. This information cannot be attributed to the operator of www.cylex-uk.co.uk, it does not represent his/her views. The contents include links, profile information, reviews, comments, pictures and videos posted on the web pages of the portal.
6.2 Cylex puts great emphasis on the reliability of servers operating with as few and as short interruptions as possible. Still, interruptions caused by maintenance or server failures are not excluded. Therefore Cylex does not assume responsibility for such interruptions.
6.3 Cylex assumes no liability for damages arising from the use of the business directory by clients or users because in the case of such free services in legal terms there is no service contract. Thus the third party claims for profit loss, compensation or other direct or indirect damages resulting from interruptions are not supported by CYLEX.
8. Security of personal data processing
8.1 The Ombudsman (Avocatul Poporului) Order No 52 of April 18, 2002 regarding the approval of minimum security requirements of processing personal data is the core of the technical and organizational measures necessary to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of personal data adopted and implemented by the S.C. Cylex TEHNOLOGIA INFORMATIEI INTERNATIONAL S.N.C.
8.2 We use all the technical and organizational security measures to protect authentication information, passwords or any other data recorded for security purposes, from deliberate or accidental manipulation, loss, destruction or unauthorized access. The methods used to meet the protection requirements are in accordance with the generally accepted standards of this field.
9. Rights of public content
9.1 If the client or user publishes contents or files in publicly accessible areas, he/she gives Cylex the right to use these contents (in whole or in part) on a global level, to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish them, if this is done only for the sole purpose of presentation, distribution and promotion of the content in question.
9.2 This right is valid only for the period of publication made by the client or user. Clients can remove their publication from the portal at any time.
9.3 If the client or user does not have the right to publish a particular content, he/she must ensure that the holder of the content rights has agreed to the transfer of the rights under the above provisions.
9.4 For current and future services and in order to meet his/her requirements more precisely, the client accepts that a pseudonym will be used when he/she applies for services. The authenticated pseudonymous data, in accordance with the law, will not be merged with the data of the pseudonym holder. Cylex uses these protocols only for its own purposes and in the interest of its clients to develop new services. There will be no transfer of personal data to third parties.
10. Jurisdiction
10.1 The exclusive place for all the disputes concerning services provided by Cylex is Oradea, Romania. For claims of any kind arising from or in connection with a situation under terms and conditions, the Romanian legislation will be applied.
11. Severability
11.1 If any provision of these Terms, in whole or in part, becomes invalid, or loses its legal effect, the validity of the Terms will not be affected by it. A legal provision will take the place of that particular provision. The same applies in case of any possible omissions in the Terms.
12. Online Dispute Resolution
12.1 In case you have a complaint related to an online purchase that you have made and you do not wish to settle it in court; the ODR (Online Dispute Resolution) provides you the possibility to reach an amicable agreement, an out-of-court settlement.
12.2 We would like to inform you about the existence of the following online platform: https://webgate.ec.europa.eu/odr/main/index.cfm?event=main.home.chooseLanguage , and its EU Commissioned dispute resolution bodies.
14. Data protection
14.1 Your personal data (address, email address, telephone number) will be processed by us only in accordance with the provisions of the Data Protection Act and will not be visible to any other Cylex Business Directory User. Moreover your phone number (which is not mandatory to provide) will only be visible to the service provider of your choice. Your personal data will not be transferred to a third party only with your express consent. We will take all necessary technical and organizational security measures to protect your login information, passwords or any other data recorded for security purposes, against accidental or intentional manipulation, loss, destruction or unauthorized use or access. To meet the protection requirements, the methods we use are in accordance with the generally accepted standards of this field.
14.2 When a User logs in with a Facebook or Google account, the name and profile picture will be visible for all Cylex Business Directory Users.
14.3 Registered Users have the possibility to use a different email address for Quote Requests, other than the one used for registration. Thus, all our notifications regarding the Quote Request are sent to the address provided specially for the Quote Request feature. In order to change Your contact data for Quote Requests, login to your Cylex profile and choose the “Edit Profile” option from the menu. In case the contact data for Quote Requests is deleted, all our notifications are sent to the email address used for registration.
14.4 User Profiles & Administrator Data Visibility

To ensure transparency, platform integrity, and reliable business representation, Cylex may display certain information associated with user accounts on publicly accessible profile pages. This may include basic identification details, account activity indicators, and optional information submitted voluntarily by the user.

Users who hold, or request to hold, administrative rights for a business listing acknowledge that their administrative role is of a public nature. Accordingly, limited information related to this role—such as administrator status and the businesses they manage—may be publicly visible. In addition, certain personal details may be accessible to other authorised administrators or official representatives of the same business for the purposes of verifying administrative rights, coordinating management responsibilities, and ensuring the accuracy and security of business information.

Administrator profiles may, by default, be indexable by external search engines. Users retain the option to restrict search engine indexing through their account settings.

Cylex will disclose personal data only to the extent necessary for the operation of the platform, the administration of business listings, compliance with legal obligations, or with the explicit consent of the user. All processing activities are carried out in accordance with applicable data protection laws.

15. Prohibitions on sending quote requests
15.1 All submitted quote requests are moderated by our data operators. Please note that the quote requests posted by the Users should not contain any kind of contact information (full address, phone number, email address)! It is also forbidden to publish any data, texts, images, files, links, software or different contents, which are considered by Cylex to be illegal, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, hateful, racist or objectionable in any other way. Cylex is not responsible for the timeliness and accuracy of the data.
15.2 You as a User represent and warrant that the data provided by you will not violate or infringe the data protection law. You are responsible for the content, timeliness, completeness and accuracy of the data you have supplied. You expressly assure that this data is consistent with the local law. Respectively, you cannot hold us responsible for any penalties incurred by your violation of these laws.
16. Fees for Use
16.1 The use of our Quote Requests feature is FREE. We do not charge any fees for using the Cylex Quote Request feature.
16.2 If you do not agree to any of the provisions in our Terms and Conditions, you should not use the Cylex Quote Request and any of our related services.
Palota, 2010
S.C. Cylex TEHNOLOGIA INFORMATIEI INTERNATIONAL S.N.C.
Oradea, str. Crișului nr. 11
410195 Oradea
Romania