Terms Of Use | 
		The Daily Caller
Terms Of Use
THE DAILY CALLER TERMS OF USE
Last Updated
: July 15, 2025
The following Terms of Use (“
Terms
”) govern your use of The Daily Caller, Inc. and its affiliates’ (collectively, “
THE DC
,” “
we
,” “
us
,” or “
our
”) websites, such as
https://dailycaller.com/
, mobile applications, and any other services, including content and interactive features, owned and operated by the DC (collectively, the “
Services
”).
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING THIS SERVICES OR USING ANY MATERIALS OR SERVICES.  BY ACCESSING THE SERVICES OR CLICKING THE “JOIN” BOX AND CLICKING THROUGH THE ACCEPTANCE INTERFACE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND BY THE OUR
PRIVACY POLICY
, WHICH IS INCORPORATED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE HEREIN.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SERVICES.
NOTE:
THESE TERMS CONTAIN A DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND ARBITRATION PROVISION, INCLUDING CLASS ACTION WAIVER AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER THAT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THESE TERMS AND WITH RESPECT TO DISPUTES YOU MAY HAVE WITH THE DC.  YOU MAY OPT OUT OF THE BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER AS PROVIDED IN SECTION XVI BELOW.
I. CHANGES TO THESE TERMS
THE DC reserves the right, at any time, without notice, and at its sole discretion, to update or modify these Terms by posting such change, update, or modification on the services.  Any such update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting.
Any material (really important) changes to this agreement will only apply prospectively.  Your continued access or use of the services or features offered on the Services after any changes to this agreement means that you accept any modifications to these Terms.
THE DC also may in its sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing the Services, or any part thereof, with or without notice.  You agree that any termination of your access to the Services or Content, or your User Content under any provision of these Terms, may be effected without prior notice to you, and you acknowledge and agree that THE DC may bar any further access to the Services, including the Content and your User Content.  Further, you agree that THE DC shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of access to the Services.
II. OWNERSHIP OF CONTENT AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
All text, graphics, user interfaces, visual interfaces, photographs, trademarks, logos, sounds, music, artwork, computer code, and content (Content) published on the Services is protected by applicable intellectual property laws and is owned or licensed by THE DC or its licensors.  THE DC grants you a limited right to access and use the Services.  You may not modify, create a derivative work, display, distribute, perform publicly, or in any way exploit, in whole or in part, any of the Content or software contained on, or comprising, the Services without seeking prior written permission from THE DC You are also restricted from using any automated or manual device or process to copy, monitor, index or data mine the Services.  THE DC, its respective logos, trade dress, and the graphics and layout of the Services are the registered and/or unregistered service marks, trademarks, and/or trade dress of THE DC and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without THE DC’s prior written permission.  All other trademarks, product names, and company names or logos mentioned on the Services are the property of their respective owners.
THE DC reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Services (or any part thereof) with or without notice.  You agree that THE DC shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Services.
III. ELIGIBILITY
You represent and warrant that you: (a) are above the legal age of majority in your jurisdiction of residence; (b) have not previously been suspended or removed from our Services; and (c) have full power and authority to enter into the Terms, and in doing so will not violate any other agreement to which you are a party.
IV. ACCOUNTS/PROFILES
Certain features offered on the Services may require you to create an account with us or register as an authorized user (including setting up a username and password).  Additionally, you may log in via X (formerly Twitter), using your existing X account and log-in credentials.
During the registration process, you may be required to choose a user name and enter your email address.  You acknowledge and agree that THE DC may rely on this email address or user name to identify you.  You represent and warrant that at all times you will: (i) provide accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by our registration form or otherwise; and (ii) maintain and promptly update your information (including your e-mail address) to keep it accurate, current and complete.  If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or if we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we shall have the right to suspend or terminate your account and any or all privileges on the Services and to refuse any and all current or future use of the Services.
You may also log in via other third party accounts, potentially including Facebook, Google+, LinkedIn, Disqus, or other third party account (collectively, “
Third Party Accounts
”).  In the future, we may permit additional login methods.  Currently, when you log in via your third party account, you must grant us permission to access certain information from these Third-Party Accounts.  For more information on how we use and disclose the information we collect, including the information we collect about your X or other third party account, please see our Privacy Policy at
https://dailycaller.com/footer/privacy-policy
.
You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information, including your password, and for any and all activity that occurs under your account.  You may not use anyone else’s username and password at any time.  THE DC cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with these obligations.  You agree to notify us if any of your login information is lost, stolen or disclosed to an unauthorized third party, if there is any unauthorized use of your account on this Services or if you know of any other breach of security in relation to this Services.
V. ELECTRONIC MESSAGES
By accessing our Services, creating an account with us, or typing your name into any of our electronic forms and indicating your acceptance or submission of information by clicking a box, you consent to (i) us communicating with you electronically; (ii) receiving all applications, notices, disclosures, and authorizations from us (collectively, “
Records
”) electronically; and (iii) entering into agreements and transactions using electronic Records and signatures.  Please note that federal law treats electronic signatures as having the same legal force and effect as if they were signed on paper by hand, and online contracts have the same legal force as signing an equivalent paper contract in ink.  You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures, or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing.  You must have a computer or other web-enabled device, an internet connection, an active email account, and the ability to receive and read PDF files to conduct business with us electronically.  You agree to be responsible for keeping your own Records.  If you require assistance with your Records or if you wish to receive Records in paper format or to withdraw your consent to receiving electronic Records from us, please contact us at
TOU@dailycaller.com
.  Agreements and transactions executed prior to this request will remain valid and enforceable.
VI. INTERACTIVE FEATURES; USER CONTENT
The Services provides information for the benefit of users.  Certain areas of the Services may allow users to post, upload, submit or otherwise make available content such as blogs, profiles, photo albums, video galleries opinions, messages, comments, graphics, sounds or material (“
User Content
”).  However, THE DC does not guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, or validity of any User Content on the Services.
THE DC reserves the right to refuse, delete or remove any User Content that it considers inappropriate or otherwise objectionable, in its sole discretion.  THE DC, however, assumes no responsibility for monitoring or policing the Services for inappropriate User Content or conduct.  If at any time THE DC chooses, in its sole discretion, to monitor the Services, THE DC will assume no responsibility for the User Content on the Services, no obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate or otherwise objectionable User Content on the Services, and no responsibility for the conduct of any user submitting such User Content.
By submitting User Content to or through the Services, you expressly grant THE DC a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully paid-up, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable license (including the right to sublicense through multiple tiers) to:
Use, publish, transmit, translate, modify, reproduce, display, distribute, process, adapt, publicly perform, publicly display, prepare derivative works from, and distribute your User Content, derivatives, or any portion thereof, in any form, medium or distribution method now known or hereafter existing, known or developed, and authorize others to use your User Content.
Use (and permit others to use) your User Content in any manner and for any purpose (including, without limitation, commercial purposes) that we deem appropriate in our sole discretion (including, without limitation, to incorporate your User Content or any modification thereto, in whole or in part, into any technology, product, or service); and
Display advertisements in connection with your User Content and to use your User Content for advertising and promotional purposes.
You acknowledge that you are solely responsible for the User Content you post on or through the Services and the consequences of posting such User Content.  By posting such User Content, you represent and warrant to us that:
You own all rights in your User Content (including, without limitation, all rights to the reproduction and display of your User Content) or, alternatively, you have acquired all necessary rights in your User Content to enable you to grant to us the rights in your User Content as described in these Terms;
You have paid and will pay in full all license fees, clearance fees, and other financial obligations, of any kind, arising from any use or commercial exploitation of your User Content;
Your User Content does not infringe the copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other intellectual property rights, privacy rights, or any other legal or moral rights of any third party;
You voluntarily agree to waive all “moral rights” that you may have in your User Content;
Any information contained in your User Content is not known by you to be false, inaccurate, or misleading;
Your User Content does not violate any law (including, but not limited to, those governing export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination, or false advertising);
Your User Content is not, and may not reasonably be considered to be, defamatory, libelous, hateful, racially, ethnically, religiously, or otherwise biased or offensive, unlawfully threatening, or unlawfully harassing to any individual, partnership, or corporation, vulgar, pornographic, obscene, or invasive of another’s privacy;
You were not and will not be compensated or granted any consideration by any third party for submitting Your User Content;
Your User Content does not incorporate materials from a third-party website, or addresses, email addresses, contact information, or phone numbers (other than your own);
Your User Content does not contain any viruses, worms, spyware, adware, or other potentially damaging programs or files;
Your User Content does not contain any information that you consider confidential, proprietary, or personal; and
Your User Content does not contain or constitute any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or any other form of solicitation.
THE DC may use email validation or other confirmation or validation methods to reduce “comment spam.”
VII. USER CONDUCT
By accessing and using the Services, you agree that you will: (i) comply with all applicable local, state, national, and international laws and regulations that govern your use of the Services; and (ii) provide truthful and accurate information about your identity if you choose to register on the Services.
You also agree that
you will NOT
:
disrupt or interfere with the security or accessibility of the Services or any services offered in connection with the Services;
transmit any obscene or otherwise objectionable User Content, viruses or other harmful files, or any type of unsolicited mass email through or in connection with the Services;
reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, use or exploit any portion of the Services for a commercial purpose, unless specifically authorized by THE DC;
attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services.
defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten, or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
use racially, ethnically, or otherwise offensive language.
use explicit/obscene language or solicit/post sexually explicit images (actual or simulated).
post anything that exploits children or minors.
post anything that depicts cruelty to animals.
post any copyrighted or trademarked materials without the express permission from the owner.
disseminate any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, ‘junk mail’, ‘spam’, ‘chain letters’, ‘pyramid schemes’, or any other form of such solicitation.
use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Services.
take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure.
alter the opinions or comments posted by others on this Services.
use the Services for unintended purposes or trying to change the behavior of the Services;
attempt to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization;
attempt to interfere with service to any user, host or network including, but not limited to, by way of submitting a virus to, or overloading, “flooding,” “spamming,” “mailbombing” or “crashing”; or
take any action that may otherwise harm, disrupt or overburden the Services, or harm another user of the Services.
This list of prohibitions provides examples and is not complete or exclusive.  THE DC reserves the right to (a) terminate access to your account, your ability to post to this Services and (b) refuse, delete or remove any User Content with or without cause and with or without notice, for any reason or no reason, or for any action that THE DC determines is inappropriate or disruptive to this Services or to any other user of this Services.  THE DC may report to law enforcement authorities any actions that may be illegal, and any reports it receives of such conduct.  When legally required or at our discretion, THE DC will cooperate with law enforcement agencies in any investigation of alleged illegal activity.
YOU WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS THE DC AND ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSEES, AND SERVICE PROVIDERS FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY ANY OF THE FOREGOING PARTIES DURING, OR TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF, INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER SUCH PARTIES OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.
However, we cannot review all material before it is posted on the Services, and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been posted.  Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications, or content provided by any user or third party.  We have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or nonperformance of the activities described in this section.
VIII. COPYRIGHT
A. Copyright Infringement Notification
THE DC respects the intellectual property rights of others.  If you believe that the Services contains Content or material that infringes a copyright you own, you may file a Notification of Claimed Infringement (“
Notification
”) with our designated Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“
DMCA
”) agent via email to
CopyrightAgent@dailycaller.com
or by mail at:
Attn: Copyright Agent
The Daily Caller
1775 Eye Street NW
Suite 1150-290
Washington, DC 2006
Phone: (202) 506-2027
To be effective under the DMCA, the Notification must be a written communication sent to THE DC’s designated agent and must include the following information:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to be infringed;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing in sufficient detail for THE DC to be able to identify the claimed infringing material;
Contact information for the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and email address;
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner identified is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the Notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
Upon receipt of a valid Notification from a copyright owner, which contains all of the required information described above, THE DC will remove or disable access to the material contained on the Services that is alleged to be infringing.
B. Counter Notification
If material or content that you have created, developed, or posted has been removed or disabled by THE DC after it receives a Notification meeting the requirements described above, you may ask that the content be restored by sending THE DC a Counter Notification.  The Counter Notification must include substantially all of the following:
A physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled. THE DC requests that complete URLs for each instance of the affected material be provided;
A statement that the information in the Counter Notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner; and
Your name, address and telephone number and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located, or if your address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which THE DC may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided the copyright infringement Notification or an agent of such person.
After receipt of a valid Counter Notification meeting the requirements described above, THE DC is required to:
Promptly provide the person who provided the Notification with a copy of the Counter Notification, and inform that person that THE DC will replace the removed material or cease disabling access to it in 10 business days; and
Replace the removed material and cease disabling access to it not less than 10, nor more than 14, business days following receipt of the Counter Notification, unless THE DC’s designated copyright agent first receives notice from the person who submitted the Notification that such person has filed an action seeking a court order to restrain the other user from engaging in infringing activity relating to the material on THE DC’s system or network.
IX. ADVERTISING AND PROMOTIONS
You understand and agree that some or all of the Services may include advertisements, contests, sweepstakes, or promotions and that these advertisements, contests, sweepstakes, or promotions help THE DC operate the Services.  We will use the information that we collect from you related to such advertisements, contests, sweepstakes, or promotions in accordance with our
Privacy Policy
.  Please note that there may be additional terms that apply in connection with any contests, sweepstakes, or promotions.
Third parties not affiliated with THE DC may also offer contests, sweepstakes, or promotions on the Services.  If you choose to correspond with, order or pay for goods and services, or participate in contests, sweepstakes, or promotions offered by third parties, there will be other terms, conditions, warranties or representations that will apply.  You agree that THE DC shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort related to your dealings with such third parties.
We participate in affiliate advertising and allow affiliate links to be encoded on some of our pages.  This means that we may earn a commission when you click on or make purchases via affiliate links and affiliate partners may use cookies to understand your use of the Services.  Any “ad-free” benefits offered with our Premium Services will remove third party or programmatically inserted advertisements, but our programs may still include host-read pitches within the content for our or our partners’ goods and services.
X. SUBSCRIPTIONS & PAID PRODUCTS
We reserve the right at any time to charge fees for certain services and for access to certain portions of the Services or the Services as a whole (“
Premium Services
”).  We will not charge you for Premium Services unless we obtain your prior agreement to pay any charges.  Thus, if at any time we require or change a fee for Premium Services, we will give you thirty (30) days advance notice of such fees.  Any new fees will be posted prominently on the applicable Services and/or through an email address that we have in our records for you.  You are responsible for paying all fees and charges, including all applicable taxes, incurred through your account at the rates in effect for the billing period in which such fees and charges are incurred.
We reserve the right to offer signup discounts for our Premium Services, however, subscription renewals will be at the term’s full price unless otherwise noted at the time of signup.  We reserve the right to make changes to our Premium Services at any time and without notice, including the addition and/or removal of products and benefits, as well as changing or eliminating the prices charged.
We reserve the right to suspend or terminate access to any Premium Services at any time.  Furthermore, no credit or refund will be offered if a Premium Service is temporarily unavailable.
You may cancel your account at any time, but when you cancel your access and/or subscription to a Premium Service, you cancel only future charges and we will not offer you a refund of any payments that have already been made for said paid product.
XI. INDEMNIFICATION/ DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITY
You agree to indemnify and hold THE DC, its subsidiaries, affiliated companies, officers, directors, shareholders, predecessors, successors interest, agents, employees, partners and licensors, harmless from and against any claim, demand, loss, liability, or expense, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of content you submit, post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Services, your access or use of the Services, your violation of these Terms, or your violation of any rights of a third party.  In connection with the foregoing, THE DC will provide you with written notice of such third-party claim(s), and you shall cooperate as reasonably required in the defense of any claim.  If you assume defense of the claim, you will select legal counsel which is reasonably acceptable to THE DC and not settle or otherwise resolve the claim without THE DC’s prior written consent.  THE DC may in its sole discretion choose to participate in the defense at its own cost with its own counsel.  Any failure to perform any obligations under this Section XI will not relieve a party of its obligations under this Section XI.
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.  THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE,” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.  THE DC DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE WEBSITE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  THE DC PROVIDES NO WARRANTY WITH RESPECT TO THE AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS, FUNCTIONALITY, OR RELIABILITY OF THE SERVICES OR THE CONTENT PROVIDED ON THE SERVICES.
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT IN NO EVENT SHALL THE DC BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, LOST PROFITS OR OTHER DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, OR LOSS OF THE DATA CONTAINED WITHIN THE SERVICES, WHETHER ARISING OUT OF BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF SUCH PERSONS OR ENTITIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  THE EXCLUSION CONTAINED IN THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL APPLY REGARDLESS OF ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING PARAGRAPH, AND TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF THE DC, FOR ANY CLAIM, COST, DAMAGE, OR LOSS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE SERVICES, INCLUDING FOR ANY WARRANTIES THAT MAY NOT BE EXCLUDED, SHALL NOT EXCEED THE LESSER OF THE AMOUNT YOU PAID TO US DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY OR $10.00 (TEN DOLLARS) (USD) (THE “LIABILITY CAP”). THE DC AND YOU AGREE THAT THE LIABILITY CAP SHALL INCLUDE ALL FORMS OF DAMAGES.
IN STATES THAT DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE DC’S LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
XII. VIOLATION OF THESE TERMS; TERMINATION OF ACCESS
You agree that THE DC may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate your access to the Services and/or block your future access to the Services if we determine that you have violated these Terms or other agreements or guidelines which may be associated with your use of the Services.  You also agree that any violation by you of these Terms will constitute an unlawful and unfair business practice, and will cause irreparable harm to THE DC, for which monetary damages would be inadequate, and you consent to THE DC obtaining any injunctive or equitable relief that THE DC deems necessary or appropriate in such circumstances.  These remedies are in addition to any other remedies THE DC may have at law or in equity.
THE DC may disclose any information we have about you if we determine that such disclosure is necessary in connection with any investigation or complaint regarding your use of the Services, or to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) THE DC’s rights or property, or the rights or property of visitors to or users of the Services, including THE DC’s customers.
If THE DC does take any legal action against you as a result of your violation of these Terms, THE DC will be entitled to recover from you, and you agree to pay, all reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of such action, in addition to any other relief granted to THE DC.  You agree that THE DC will not be liable to you or to any third party for termination of your access to the Services as a result of any violation of these Terms.
XIII. LINKING
You are granted a limited, revocable, non-exclusive right to create a hyperlink to the Services on the condition that the link does not portray THE DC in a false, misleading, derogatory or otherwise defamatory manner.
XIV. THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES
The Services may contain links to other websites or services owned or operated by non-affiliated third parties.  THE DC is not responsible for the content provided by or privacy practices of these other websites.  When you visit such websites – even if you get there by clicking on links provided on this Services – these Terms no longer apply.  THE DC is not responsible for your access to and use of such linked websites, including the use of your personal information by such linked websites.  We have no control over the contents of such linked websites, and accept no responsibility for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.  If you decide to access any of the third-party websites linked to this Services, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use and privacy policies for such websites.
This Services may provide certain social media features that enable you to link to certain content on this Services, send communications with certain content from this Services, or cause limited portions of content on this Services to be displayed on other sites.  You may use these features solely as they are provided by us, and solely with respect to the content they are displayed with.  THE DC reserves the right to withdraw linking permission without notice, and to disable social media features and any links at any time without notice, at our discretion.
Some Services may be available (or only available) through accessing, or downloading from, a third party platform or store, such as the Google Play Store or Apple App Store (each an “
App Store
”).  Your use of the Services may also be governed by any applicable agreements you have with any App Store (the “
App Store Agreements
”).  In the event of any conflict between any other App Store Agreement(s) and these Terms, these Terms will take priority.
XV. FEEDBACK
If you send or transmit any communications, comments, questions, suggestions, or related materials to THE DC, whether by letter, email, telephone, or otherwise (collectively, “
Feedback
”), suggesting or recommending changes to the Services, including, without limitation, new features or functionality relating thereto, all such Feedback is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary.  You hereby assign all right, title, and interest in, and THE DC is free to use, without any attribution or compensation to you, any ideas, know-how, concepts, techniques, or other intellectual property and proprietary rights contained in the Feedback, whether or not patentable, for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, having manufactured, licensing, marketing, and selling, directly or indirectly, products and services using such Feedback.  You understand and agree that THE DC is not obligated to use, display, reproduce, or distribute any such ideas, know-how, concepts, or techniques contained in the Feedback, and you have no right to compel such use, display, reproduction, or distribution.
XVI. Dispute Resolution and Arbitration; Class Action Waiver
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU AND THE DC CAN SEEK RELIEF FROM EACH OTHER AND REQUIRES ALL DISPUTES TO BE BROUGHT SOLELY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS A CLASS ACTION OR ANY OTHER KIND OF REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
A. Disputes
“Disputes” are any disputes, claims, actions, and other controversies between you and THE DC or between you and the affiliates or agents of THE DC that, in either case, arise out of or relate to these Terms, the Services, or any other products or services related thereto, whether based in contract, tort, warranty, fraud, misrepresentation, statute, regulation, or another legal or equitable basis.
B. Informal Dispute Resolution
If you have a Dispute with THE DC or if THE DC has a Dispute with you, you or THE DC must first attempt to resolve the Dispute through informal negotiation for a period of 60 days, or such longer period as mutually agreed in writing (email suffices) by the parties (“
Informal Resolution Period
”) from the day either party receives a written notice of a Dispute from the other party (a “
Claimant Notice
”) in accordance with these Terms.  The Informal Resolution Period is designed to allow the party who has received a Claimant Notice to make a fair, fact-based offer of settlement if it chooses to do so.  The statute of limitations and any filing fee deadlines for a Dispute will be tolled for the duration of the Informal Resolution Period for that Dispute so that the parties can engage in this informal dispute-resolution process.
A valid Claimant Notice must be in writing and include all of the following: (i) the name, address and email address of the party giving notice, (ii) a description of the nature and facts of the Dispute, (iii) the relief requested, including the damages sought, if any, and a detailed calculation of them, (iv) an acknowledgement that the Dispute is subject to these Terms, and (v) a personally signed statement from the claimant (and not their counsel) verifying the accuracy of the contents of the notice.  A Claimant Notice must be individualized, meaning it can only concern yours or THE DC’s Dispute and no other person’s or entity’s Dispute.
You will send any Claimant Notice to THE DC at the following address:
The Daily Caller
1775 Eye Street NW
Suite 1150-290
Washington, DC 20006
With a copy by email to
TOU@dailycaller.com
, with the subject heading: “Notice of Dispute.”
If a party receives a Claimant Notice, the receiving party will acknowledge receipt of the Claimant Notice and make a good faith effort during the Informal Resolution Period to either resolve the Dispute or explain why the claimant is not entitled to relief.  Neither you nor THE DC may commence any court action or other legal proceeding regarding a Dispute before the end of the Informal Resolution Period.  If you or THE DC file a court action or other legal proceeding regarding a Dispute without complying with the requirements in Section XVI, including waiting until the conclusion of the Informal Resolution Period, the other party may (i) seek relief from a court to enjoin the filing until the requirements in this Section are fully met and (ii) seek damages from the party that has not followed the requirements in this Section XVI to reimburse it for any costs incurred as a foreseeable consequence of that breach.
C. Meet and Confer
The recipient of a Claimant Notice may request an individualized telephone or video settlement conference, and both parties shall personally attend (with counsel, if represented) any conference that is held.  You and THE DC agree to work cooperatively to schedule the conference at the earliest mutually convenient time (with the Informal Resolution Period being extended as needed until that time) and to seek to reach a resolution during any such conference.
D. Arbitration Procedures
Any Covered Dispute that the parties cannot resolve through the Informal Dispute Resolution Process must be brought on an individual basis and will be resolved exclusively by final and binding arbitration (“
Arbitration
”) before an arbitrator mutually selected by the Parties (the “
Arbitrator
”).  The Arbitrator must have experience with the subject matter of the Dispute, and be a former federal or state court judge.  The Parties intend the FAA to apply to ensure enforcement of these Mandatory Dispute Resolution Provisions.  Your agreement to these Mandatory Dispute Resolution Provisions is material to Motorsport offering the Services, as Motorsport could not offer the Services for free or at the price charged without the cost savings provided thereby.
Arbitrator Selection
.  The parties will meet and confer in good faith to select an arbitrator.  For purposes of this Section, good-faith meet-and-confer efforts require that each party propose at least three arbitrators who meet the qualifications described in these Terms.  If, after 60 days of good faith meet and confer efforts, the Parties are unable to agree on an arbitrator, either Party may petition the appropriate state or federal courts in Delaware to appoint an arbitrator meeting the requirements herein from the arbitrators proposed by the parties.
Rules Selection
.  The Arbitration shall be administered pursuant to JAMS’ Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures or other comparable rules to which the parties agree.  The selection of JAMS rules does not mean that JAMS will administer the Arbitration or appoint the Arbitrator.
Conduct of Arbitration
.  The Arbitration shall be conducted via electronic or telephonic means.  If the Party seeking Arbitration fails to appear at the administrative conference regardless of whether such Party’s counsel attends, the Arbitrator will administratively close the Arbitration proceeding without prejudice, unless such Party shows good cause as to why they were not able to attend the conference.
Arbitration Costs
.  If the Arbitrator finds that the costs and fees of an Arbitration you initiate will be prohibitive for you as compared to the costs of litigation, we will pay as much of your filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees in the Arbitration as the Arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the Arbitration from being cost-prohibitive, regardless of the outcome of the Arbitration, unless the Arbitrator determines that your claim(s) were frivolous or asserted in bad faith.  If we initiate an Arbitration against you, we will pay all costs associated with the Arbitration (other than your attorneys’ fees and expenses unless permitted to be recovered under the arbitration rules or applicable law).
Your 30-Day Right to Opt-Out
.  You have the right to opt-out and not be bound by the arbitration provision set forth in this Section by sending written notice of your decision to opt-out to the following address via certified mail:
The Daily Caller, Inc.
1775 Eye Street NW
Suite 1150-290
Washington, DC 20006
The notice must be sent within thirty (30) days of your first use of the Services after the effective date of the Services, otherwise you shall be bound to arbitrate disputes in accordance with the terms of those Sections.  If you opt-out of these arbitration provisions, Motorsport also will not be bound by them.
Right to Terminate Mandatory Dispute Resolution Program
.  At any time, THE DC may terminate the arbitration agreement set forth in this Section XVI(D).  That termination will not affect any Dispute.
E. Class Action Waiver
This Section XVI(E) will apply to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.  NO DISPUTE SHALL BE JOINED TO ANY OTHER DISPUTE, INCLUDING ANY DISPUTE INVOLVING ANY OTHER CURRENT OR FORMER USER OF THE SITES.  NO CLASS ACTION PROCEEDINGS OR ANY PROCEEDINGS IN WHICH EITHER YOU OR THE DC ACTS OR PROPOSES TO ACT IN A REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY SHALL BE PERMITTED, AND NEITHER YOU NOR THE DC WILL PARTICIPATE AS A CLASS MEMBER IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDINGS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS, THE SITES OR ANY OTHER PRODUCTS OR SERVICES RELATED THERETO.  ANY RELIEF MAY BE AWARDED ONLY INDIVIDUALLY AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO REDRESS YOUR OR THE DC’S INDIVIDUAL CLAIM(S); RELIEF MAY NOT BE AWARDED ON BEHALF OF OTHERS OR THE GENERAL PUBLIC.
F. One Year to Assert Claims
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU AND THE DC AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE SERVICES MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES.  OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
G. Severability
If any part of this Section XVI is found to be unlawful or unenforceable for any reason, including but not limited to because it is found to be unconscionable, (i) the unenforceable or unlawful provision will be severed from these Terms and (ii) the remainder of these Terms will remain in effect.  If the class action waiver in Section XVI(E) is found to be unlawful or unenforceable in a state for any reason, to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, claimants may seek certification only of a class composed of residents of that state.  Further, if any part of this Section XVI is found to unlawfully prohibit an individual claim seeking public injunctive relief that provision will have no effect to the extent such relief is allowed to be sought, and the remainder of this Section XVI will be enforceable.
H. Third-Party Beneficiaries
You must resolve Disputes with our past, present, and future affiliates and agents as though they were or are THE DC.  Such affiliates and agents are third-party beneficiaries of this Section XVI and can enforce this Section XVI as though they were or are THE DC in the event they become involved in a Dispute with you.  Otherwise, these Terms are only for the benefit of, and will only be enforceable by, you and THE DC only and do not give rights to any third parties.
XVII. GOVERNING LAW
These Terms shall be governed in accordance the laws of the State of Delaware, and applicable federal laws, without regard to choice or conflict of law provisions.  Subject to Section XVI, you agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in Wilmington, Delaware for resolution of any disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms or your use of the Services.
XVIII. PRIVACY
THE DC’s Privacy Policy applies to use of this Services, and its terms are incorporated into these Terms by reference.  To view THE DC’s Privacy Policy, click
here
.  If you choose to provide THE DC with any personal information, THE DC will handle your information according to the terms of its Privacy Policy.  You agree that all information you provide to register with this Services or otherwise, including but not limited to, through use of any interactive features of the Services, is governed by our Privacy Policy, and you consent to all actions THE DC takes with respect to your information that are consistent with the Privacy Policy, including processing your personal information using technologies that use machine learning and/or artificial intelligence.  THE DC is not responsible for any personal information that you choose to affirmatively post or provide in public forums on the Services.
XIX. WAIVER AND SEVERABILITY OF UNENFORCEABLE PROVISIONS
If THE DC does not exercise or enforce any right under these Terms, it doesn’t mean that it waives such right.  Likewise, if a court holds that any portion of these Terms are unenforceable, that portion shall be deemed severable from the rest of these Terms and the fact that it is unenforceable will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
XX. OPINION DISCLAIMER; NO AGENT RELATIONSHIP
The views expressed in the articles labeled “Opinion” on this domain are those of the authors alone.  They do not represent the views and opinions of THE DC, or its staff.
XXI. ASSIGNMENT
These Terms are not assignable, transferable, or sublicensable by you except with THE DC’s prior written consent.  THE DC may assign its rights and duties under these Terms at any time without notice to you.
XXII. USE OF THE SITE
The owner of the Services is based in the United States.  THE DC makes no claims that the Services or any of its content is accessible or appropriate outside of the United States.  If you use this Services outside the United States, you do so at your own risk and are solely responsible for compliance with following applicable local laws.
XXIII. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and THE DC with regard to your use of the Services.  Any and all other written or oral agreements or understandings previously existing between you and THE DC with respect to your use of the Web Site are hereby superseded and canceled.  THE DC will not accept any counter-offers to these Terms, and all such offers are hereby categorically rejected.
XXIV. CALIFORNIA CONSUMER NOTICE
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users are entitled to the following consumer rights notice: The Services are provided by THE DC. If you have a question or complaint regarding the Services, please contact THE DC at
TOU@dailycaller.com
.  You may also contact us by sending a letter to:  The Daily Caller, 1775 Eye Street NW, Suite 1150-290, Washington, DC 20006.  California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by post at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N-112, Sacramento, CA 95834 or by telephone at (800) 952-5210 or Hearing Impaired at (800)-735-2929.
XXV. CONTACT
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us by e-mail at:
TOU@dailycaller.com
.
TRENDING
1
John Fetterman Has Message For Fellow Democrats Who Made Scene At SOTU
Media
2
CNN's Wolf Blitzer Presses Ilhan Omar About Her Behavior During Trump's State Of The Union
Media
3
Father Of American Hero Confirms Our Suspicions
Opinion
4
CNN Host Asks John Fetterman If He Would Become Republican, Accept Trump's Endorsement
Media
5
Kamala Harris Tries Shooting Down Election Integrity Bill, Ends Up Selling It Instead
Politics
©2026 The Daily Caller, Inc.
The Daily Caller | 1775 Eye Street NW | Suite 1150-290 | Washington, DC 20006
Close Menu
Search
Submit