Terms | Daily Mail Online
Home
News
Royals
U.S.
Sport
TV
Showbiz
Lifestyle
Health
Science
Money
Travel
Podcasts
Buyline
Beauty
Fashion
Home and Garden
Black Friday
My Profile
Logout
Login
Latest Headlines
Australia
Scotland
Books
Rewards
Mail Shop
Cars
Property
Columnists
Games
My Profile
Logout
Login
UK Edition
Privacy Policy
Feedback
Wednesday, Feb 11th 2026
12PM
11°C
3PM
10°C
5-Day Forecast
Terms
By DAILY MAIL
Published:
04:50, 7 June 2011
|
Updated:
16:09, 29 July 2025
Please note that by using this website or our mobile applications (for example our iPhone and iPad apps) (a “Site”), you accept these Terms. If you do not accept these Terms, do not use this Site. We may change these Terms from time to time, so you should review them each time that you visit the Site. You should print a copy of these Terms for future reference.
Index
1. About us
2. Using our Site
3. Registration
4. Your Content - what we are allowed to do
5. Your Content - what you are not allowed to do
6. Suspending or terminating your registration
7. Sponsored content, third party content and links available on this Site
8. Your personal information
9. Our liability
9.2. Except for liability for fraudulent misrepresentation, we are not liable for
10. Maintenance of the Site
11. General provisions
12. Jurisdiction and applicable law
1. About us
1.1. This Site is operated by Associated Newspapers Limited, a company registered in England under company number 84121 with a registered office at Northcliffe House, 9 Derry Street, London W8 5HY ("we", "us", "our"). Our VAT number is GB 243571174. You can contact us
here
.
2. Using our Site
2.1. You may view (and, where applicable, listen to) the content available on the Site for personal non-commercial use only and subject to your strict compliance with these Terms. You may occasionally print individual webpages on the Site for your private non-commercial use, provided that such printing is not substantial or systematic and our trade marks and copyright and trade mark notices are not removed.
2.2. Without limiting clause 2.1 above and unless expressly authorised by us in writing, you must not (whether directly or indirectly) access or use (or permit, authorise or facilitate the access or use of) the Site or any portion of the Site or any data, content, information or services accessed via the Site in any of the following ways (without limitation):
i. to copy, download, extract, collect, 'scrape', obtain, monitor or store all or any part of the content or Site, including whether manually or by way of any 'bot/robot', 'spider', 'scraper' or other automated software, device, algorithm, code, methodology, tool, process or similar technology (other than any such use by a public search engine for the sole purpose of providing direct links to the Site);
ii. to make available, distribute, republish, publicly perform, create derivative works from, sell or offer to sell all or any part of the content or Site other than as expressly authorized by us in writing; or
iii. to use any content, files or data from the Site to make or populate a database or publication of any kind whatsoever, to develop or train any software program (including any machine learning or artificial intelligence systems), or for the purpose of text/ data mining or analysis to generate information which includes but is not limited to patterns, trends and correlations.
The provisions in this clause 2.2 relating to text/data mining and web scraping (a) should be treated as an express reservation of our rights in this regard, and (b) shall not apply insofar as (but only to the extent that) we are unable to exclude or limit text/data mining or web scraping activity by contract under the laws which are applicable to us. If you require any further information on permitted use, or a licence to re publish or otherwise utilise any part of the Site (or any Content), please email us at editorial@dailymail.co.uk or contact us by telephone on 020 7938 6000 or contact The Newspaper Licencing Association -
www.nla.co.uk
.
2.3. You may only play video or audio files using the media player on our Site.
2.4. If you would like a friend to read a story or watch or listen to a video or audio file on our Site, please use the 'Email' or 'Share' facilities on our Site, or you may email a link to our Site to your friend or simply ask them to visit our Site. Please ensure that you have their consent before giving us their details.
2.5. You must not use all or any part of our Site or the contents on it for commercial purposes without our permission.
2.6. Users, whether or not registered, must not abuse our Report Abuse facility e.g. by making malicious reports.
2.7. Information posted on Daily Mail official social media accounts, including X (f/k/a Twitter) and Facebook, is often published just as breaking news occurs and may not be amended or removed following updates made to articles. Whilst every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of posts, for the most current version of a story, readers should visit
www.dailymail.co.uk
2.8. You may use and display on your website or social networking profile page content on our Site where an embed code is provided (the “Embeddable Content”) subject to these Terms and on the following conditions:
i. Any use of the Embeddable Content must be for personal, non-commercial purposes. You may not charge users of your website for access to the Embeddable Content, use the Content as means to secure advertising, or commercialise the Embeddable Content in any other way.
ii. All intellectual property rights in and to the Embeddable Content, embed code and the embeddable player shall remain the property of us and/or our licensors.
iii. The Embeddable Content cannot be used on any websites that:
a. contain unlawful text or images; or
b. contain pornography or sexually explicit content; or
c. contain gratuitous violence; or
d. condone or encourage unlawful acts.
iv. You may only use the Embeddable Content where Your Site:
a. complies with all applicable data protection and privacy laws, codes of practice and the self-regulatory principles for online behavioural advertising; and
b. clearly explains that cookies and similar tracking technologies may be used on Your Site by third parties for analytics and advertising purposes and (if required by law) a link to our
privacy policy
.
v. We grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to use the embeddable computer code to display on Your Site the Content.
vi. You may not copy, re-publish, edit, alter, add to or use the embed code or embeddable player in any other way.
vii. All title, ownership rights and intellectual property rights in and to the Embeddable Content, the embed code and the embeddable player shall remain our property of the property of our licensors.
viii. You may not directly or indirectly suggest any endorsement or approval by us of your site or any entity, product or content or any views expressed within your site without our prior written approval.
ix. You may not use the Embeddable Content in any way that could bring us into disrepute or otherwise cause any loss or damage to us.
x. The Embeddable Content is made available by us on an “as is” and “as available” basis and We give no warranty of any kind in relation to the Embeddable Content, embed code or the embeddable player, including warranties related to non-infringement of third party rights. We disclaim all implied and statutory warranties to the maximum extent permitted by law.
xi. You agree to reimburse Us in respect of all damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees and litigation expenses, arising out of or as a result of any breach of these Embedding Terms or otherwise in connection with your use of the Embeddable Content and/or the embeddable code and player.
2.9 We update our Site regularly and reserve the right to add, remove and otherwise change the Site and/or its content at any time.
2.10 From time to time, we may update our Terms. The revised Terms will be available on our Site. Please check back regularly to ensure you are aware of any changes we may make. If you continue to use our Site after we make any changes, you will be deemed to have accepted any changes to our Terms . If you do not agree to such changes, we ask you not to use our Site. These Terms were last updated on the date stated at the top of this page.
2.11 Our Site is intended for use only by those who can access it from within the United Kingdom. If you choose to access our Site from locations outside the United Kingdom, you are responsible for compliance with local laws.
3. Registration
3.1. You must be 16 years old or older to register and submit material (e.g. comments) to the Site.
3.2. Only one registration per person is allowed. You must keep your registration information up to date.
3.3. You must choose an email address which gives you frequent access to emails sent to that address, as we need to be able to contact you. You must keep your password confidential.
3.4 You must not:
(i) impersonate or try to impersonate another person;
(ii) disclose your password to anyone else;
(iii) allow anyone else use your account;
(iv) use anyone else's account.
3.5. You are responsible for everything done using your account. If you think that someone else may have access to, or be using, your password or account, you must tell us as soon as possible by emailing
community@dailymail.co.uk
.
4. Your content - what we are allowed to do
4.1. We may publish, check, edit or remove all or part of the comments or other material, including your name, town and country, which you submit to us ('Your Content'), at our sole discretion. We are not obliged to do any of these things and we may not.
4.2. You retain any copyright you may have in Your Content. By submitting material to us, you grant us a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive worldwide licence to use, copy, edit, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, make available, communicate and distribute Your Content (in whole or part) and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed. By submitting Your Content, you warrant that you have the right to grant this licence. The licence is capable of sub-license by us to other entities and brands in our group of companies (including, without limitation, This is Money, Metro, The i paper)
4.3. To the extent permitted by law, you waive your moral rights (e.g. the right to be identified as author or to object to derogatory treatment) in Your Content.
This clause 4 means, for example (without limitation), that we can:
Continue to publish all or part of Your Content, including your name, town and country, even if you change your mind and want us to remove it and/or you are no longer registered with the Site;
Remove Your Content, even if you have not breached these Terms or our House Rules;
Use all or part of Your Content in promoting our products and services (e.g. we may use a screenshot including your comments in our advertising);
Edit your Content, which may result in a part of it being modified and displayed, including without your name. Please note that we do not check, monitor, moderate or even see all the comments and other material submitted to us. While some comments are pre-moderated (i.e. checked in advance by us before publication), some are not (see our FAQ for more details).
4.4 We make no guarantee that your content will be kept on the Site for any length of time, and we reserve the right to remove your content as we see fit. You are urged to keep back-up copies of any of Your Content submitted to us. The Site should not be used as your primary method to store or curate copies of your images, videos or text, as your content may be removed permanently from the Site at any time, and we may not keep copies of your content.
5. Your content - what you are not allowed to do
5.1. You must not submit any material to our Site that:
(a) is:
(i) defamatory, malicious, threatening, false, misleading, offensive, abusive, discriminatory, harassing, blasphemous or racist,
(ii) indecent, obscene or of a sexual nature,
(iii) a breach of confidentiality or someone's privacy;
(b) could prejudice any active legal proceedings of which you are aware;
(c) is likely to:
(i) cause someone alarm, anxiety or distress;
(ii) encourage violence or racial or religious hatred;
(d) infringes any intellectual property rights, such as copyright and trade marks. This means generally that you must own the rights in everything you submit or must obtain permission from the rights owner to submit the material;
(e) is technically harmful (including, without limitation, computer viruses, logic bombs, Trojan horses, worms, harmful components, corrupted data or other malicious software, harmful data or conduct);
(f) advertises any product or services;
(g) impersonates anyone else or otherwise misrepresents your identity, affiliation or status;
(h) is in breach of these Terms, our
Privacy Policy
, and/or
House Rules
;
(i) is, encourages or teaches conduct that is a criminal offence, gives rise to civil liability, or is otherwise unlawful;
5.2. You must not include links on the Site to any websites or webpages.
5.3. You must not try to get round any protections we put in place for the security and operation of the Site.
5.4. You must not re-submit content which you are aware has been removed.
6. Suspending or terminating your registration
6.1. We may suspend, terminate or prevent your registration at our sole discretion. This may be because, for example, we consider that you have breached or will breach these Terms or our House Rules or someone has reported abuse. However, we are not obliged to do these things, we decide.
6.2. Where we suspend, terminate or prevent your registration, you must not attempt to re-register or submit content (e.g. using someone else's registration), without our permission. The period of any suspension depends on all the circumstances.
6.3 Any use by you of the Site or its contents in a manner not expressly permitted by our Terms may mean that you are infringing our rights and/or the rights of our licensors. We and our licensors reserve all rights and remedies available in respect of any such infringement.
7. Sponsored content, third party content and links available on this Site
7.1. Where you see the label “Sponsored Content” on an article on this Site it means that our Publisher/Editor retains editorial control and sign off of the article. Where you see the label “Advertorial” these are also written by our journalists but control and final sign off lies with the advertiser.
7.2. We are not liable or responsible for the third party content on this Site. Third party content includes, for example, comments posted by users and the content of advertisements.
7.3. Where this Site contains links to other sites and resources, which are provided by third parties, these links and resources are provided for your information only and you access them at your own risk. We are not liable or responsible for the content of third party sites or resources.
If you see something which you reasonably believe breaches these Terms or our House Rules, please use the Report Abuse facility. If there is no facility available, please contact us on community@dailymail.co.uk.
8. Your personal information
8.1. We will use your personal information in accordance with our privacy policy. Please read our Privacy Policy now.
9. Our liability
9.1. The information contained on this Site is for information purposes only and does not constitute advice. You should check any information on the Site and use your own judgement before doing or not doing anything on the basis of what you see. We give no warranties of any kind in relation to the Site or its contents.
9.2. Except for liability for fraudulent misrepresentation, we are not liable for:
(a) any action you may take as a result of relying on any information provided on this Site or for any loss or damage suffered by you as a result of you taking this action;
(b) any dealings you have with third parties (e.g. other users, advertisers or promoters) that take place using or facilitated by the Site;
(c) any liability for losses which are not a foreseeable or likely consequence of (i) your use of the Site, or (ii) a breach of these Terms; and
(d) any loss or damage which you may suffer as a result of or connected to your use of the embed code, player or the Embeddable Content.
9.3. We are not responsible if you cannot access the Site properly or at all because of any event outside our control, for example (without limitation) the performance of your or our ISP, your browser or the Internet.
9.4. The Site relies in part on software to work. Software has bugs. Whilst we will monitor the Site and try to fix bugs, we cannot guarantee that the Site or any individual feature of the Site will be error free, available all the time and/or free from viruses. You are responsible for putting in place your own internet security and safety measures.
9.5. However, nothing in these Terms will affect any liability we may have for death or personal injury arising from our negligence or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited by law.
10. Maintenance of the Site
10.1. Making your use of the Site enjoyable means we need to fix bugs, install updates and do general diagnosis and maintenance of the Site. We will try to do scheduled maintenance during times when we anticipate that online use is lower than normal.
10.2. We also need to be able to do emergency maintenance and/or suspend access to the servers where, in our reasonable discretion, we see the need to do that. We will try to have the Site available again as soon as we think it is safe to do so.
11. General provisions
11.1 If any part or provision of these Terms is found to be unlawful or unenforceable, this shall not affect the validity of any other part or provision.
11.2 You may not assign, sub-license or otherwise transfer any rights under our Terms.
11.3 These Terms are between you and us. Nobody else can enforce them and neither of us will need to ask anybody else to sign-off on ending or changing them.
11.4 We might not immediately chase you for not doing something or for doing something you're not allowed to, but that doesn’t mean we can't do it later.
12. Jurisdiction and applicable law
12.1. These Terms are governed by English law, and you can bring legal proceedings in respect of these Terms in the English courts. If you live in Scotland, you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the Terms in either the Scottish or the English courts. If you live in Northern Ireland, you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the Terms in either the Northern Irish or the English courts.
Share or comment on this article: 
                        Terms
e-mail
Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Search
DON'T MISS
EXCLUSIVE
Made In Chelsea's Ollie and Gareth Locke face eviction from luxury £4m London home in TWO weeks over £25k in unpaid rent
Cruz Beckham extends an olive branch: Singer pines for Brooklyn as he posts photos of his sibling for the first time since bitter feud engulfed the family
Martin Frizell shares a new picture of his wife Fiona Phillips, 65, amid her Alzheimer's battle as he shares heartbreaking update on her condition
What Jennifer Aniston eats in a day to maintain her incredible figure as she rings in her 57th birthday
Mick Jagger's fiancée Melanie Hamrick left 'shaken and heartbroken' after being 'physically attacked' in Mayfair
Britain goes yellow: Why thousands are turning their lives yellow this March to support Marie Curie
Ad Feature
Danniella Westbrook's 'nightmare' journey to rebuild her face: All the star's cosmetic surgeries and botched procedures as she goes under the knife AGAIN
'It's wretched for the family - we see her slipping away every day and losing her dignity' says Martin Frizell as he issues 'awful' Fiona Phillips Alzheimer's update
Ioan Gruffudd tried to send his daughter, 13, to a 'therapeutic boarding school' after she called his new wife Bianca Wallace a 'slut' and poured milk on his bed during custody visit
Start your holiday happiness NOW! From cultural city breaks to luxury beach escapes, here's our edit of the best 2026 holidays
Ad Feature
Made In Chelsea's Sam and Alice Vanderpump welcome first child as they reveal baby boy's unusual name - months after TV star was diagnosed with end-stage liver disease
Why neighbours are VERY unhappy with P.Louise and her 'new-money' mansion - revealed in our new INFLUENCERS UNFILTERED column
BREAKING NEWS
The Pogues drummer Andrew Ranken dies aged 72 as band pays tribute to 'a true friend and brother'
Kylie Minogue stuns in a PVC fringed dress as she presents an award at the V d'Or Ceremony during Wine Paris
A personal fertility journey opened this founder's eyes to how confusing women's wellbeing can be - and inspired her to change it
Ad Feature
Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz wear matching outfits as they carry their FOUR pups to the groomers after claiming Victoria refused to help their fundraiser for displaced dogs
Courtney Love posts picture of herself reading 'the guide to becoming alive' as new report claims Kurt Cobain's death was a 'homicide'
'She owes a lot of money in the UK': Cash-strapped Katie Price 'doesn't have much of a choice' but to relocate to Dubai for a 'fresh start' with husband Lee Andrews
Love Island's Molly Smith displays her toned figure in a skimpy floral bikini as she shares sizzling snaps from the Maldives
Love on a budget: The hidden cost of Valentine's Day as couples feel pressured to spend big
Ad Feature
Margot Robbie calls husband Tom Ackerley her 'perfect match' in rare comments about their marriage - but admits to HUGE faux pas
'When you're in an unhappy relationship it's the loneliest place to be': Olivia Attwood admits she is finally comfortable being alone after her split from Bradley Dack
Bradley Cooper, 51, and Gigi Hadid, 30, put on a loved-up display as they kiss in the street
'I can be emotional and erratic': Kate Ferdinand reveals she 'butts heads' with step-daughter Tia, 14, and says she 'so scared to get it wrong' with her blended family
Staying warm with a heat pump: What's actually different after making the switch from a gas boiler?
Ad Feature
Zayn Malik shares snaps from inside his Las Vegas rental complete with a private bowling alley and pool table
Strictly star Robin Windsor 'slipped deeper and deeper into a depression' after he was dropped from show, ex-dancing partner Lisa Riley tells inquest
Matt Willis reveals he married wife Emma just THREE DAYS after he came out of rehab and admits 'I shouldn't have been there'
Kym Marsh pays a heartbreaking tribute to her stillborn son Archie on his 17th birthday - after losing him 21 weeks into her pregnancy
Movie stars, directors and now tourists are flocking to Saudi's mesmerising wilderness and cityscapes - here are six awe-inspiring movie locations you can visit now
Ad Feature
Jamie Redknapp reveals he's been sober for 18 months after suffering a 'terrible' hangover following his 50th birthday bash
The family tattoos Brooklyn Beckham hasn't erased: Star displays tributes after covering up 'dad' inking amid bitter row and vow to never reconcile with his parents
Nicolas Cage bags his first ever TV lead role in genre-busting new superhero series Spider-Noir - playing haunted private investigator in smouldering pics
EXCLUSIVE
The A-list celebrities suspected of being on Ozempic and getting liposuction ahead of the Super Bowl
Don't dream of winning - train for it! If you're in a slump, champion athlete Sir Mo Farah's mantra may be just what you need to get back your Mo-tivation!
Ad Feature
Elizabeth Hurley, 60, shows off her incredible figure in a tiny coral bikini as she declares she's 'missing paradise'
Friends lands new streaming home after being axed by Netflix in UK - with all episodes just weeks away from returning to screens
Professor Green fights back tears as he reveals fears of taking his own life after his father, uncle and great uncle all died by suicide in emotional chat
Frankie Bridge, 37, shares fears she's perimenopausal as she 'forgets words and suffers mix ups' while continuing ketamine therapy for depression
'It's nice to know I'm doing the best for my dog': How one owner takes care of her precious pet's heart health
Ad Feature
Margot Robbie unleashes her wild side: Star says she was kicked out of Infernos and 'most of the clubs in Clapham' during her party girl days
Romeo Beckham's girlfriend Kim Turnbull stuns as she goes braless in a daring cut-out minidress in sizzling snaps from their Parisian date night
Sussex supporter Omid Scobie finally addresses claims his new romcom is based on Harry and Meghan
King of the desert! Prince William visits spectacular dunes on final day of Saudi Arabia tour overshadowed by Jeffrey Epstein scandal
EXCLUSIVE
Angelina Jolie ready to quit America: New pictures show actress preparing to leave... as rumors swirl about poignant date of final farewell
'We have to reclaim the narrative that we're done at 50, 60, or 70': Halle Berry, 59, reflects on age-shaming in Hollywood
Christine McGuinness shows off her eye-popping cleavage as she sizzles in a low-cut vest, PVC hotpants and fishnet tights for sexy snaps
Ed Balls silenced as frustrated Good Morning Britain guest snaps 'let me answer!' - before signing off with brutal swipe at his looks
Where's Princess Kate? Moment girls' football team clamour to meet William's wife in Saudi
I've smelled a lot of Valentine's Day fragrances, but this new Floral Street x Bridgerton release is already on my wish list
SHOPPING
EXCLUSIVE
Brooklyn's message broke Victoria. Now someone's spoken the truth: After tearful weeks, Beckham friends speak to KATIE HIND on 'nasty' situation
Good Morning Britain fans fume 'this is so insensitive!' after 'totally irresponsible' coverage of UK flooding that will 'put people in hospital'
Britney Spears sells off her iconic music catalog in 'landmark deal'... after fresh attack on her family
Pussycat Dolls Ashley Roberts and Kimberly Wyatt spank each other as they show off their sizzling dance moves amid claims they will reunite for a world tour with Nicole Scherzinger
Struggling with frizz? Users swear this at-home treatment outperforms salon keratin at a fraction of the price
SHOPPING
EXCLUSIVE
Singer Mimi Webb reveals which Disney star she embodies as she opens up about new music and overnight viral fame
Strictly star Robin Windsor said being axed from the BBC show destroyed him in note found near his body, inquest hears
Daisy Edgar-Jones makes a rare appearance with her photographer boyfriend Ben Seed as they enjoy date night at a music event
The low-key skincare hero that quietly handles every breakout - it calms breakouts fast
SHOPPING
Molly-Mae Hague opens up about her second pregnancy and 'irritating' symptoms as she says it was her 'worst kept secret' with Bambi, two, 'telling everyone'
Rihanna further fuels marriage speculation as she steps out with a ring on her wedding finger in LA
Chris and Liam Hemsworth make a rare red carpet appearance with parents at Crime 101 premiere in LA following their father's Alzheimer's diagnosis
Katy Perry shares loved up snaps with politician boyfriend Justin Trudeau as ex Orlando Bloom, 49, takes a bikini model, 28, to the Super Bowl
The M&S rosehip oil that sold over one million bottles now has a cleanser beauty fans are snapping up on sale
SHOPPING
Netflix snaps up all episodes of 'greatest medical drama ever made' 32 years on from TV debut starring string of Hollywood legends
ITV reveals two actresses taking over lead roles in all-female Dalziel And Pascoe reboot as detective series returns after 19 years off screens
Our Yorkshire Farm fans break down in tears as Clive Owen celebrates milestone with touching gesture from ex-wife Amanda and children
Man of the moment Bad Bunny smashes Spotify streaming records after his blockbuster Super Bowl halftime show
Lewis Hamilton gets back to his day job at Ferrari after going public with Kim Kardashian at the Super Bowl
Super Bowled over! Orlando Bloom, 49, takes bikini model, 28, to game... as Google boss, 70, 'dates German aged 27'
Gillian McKeith's daughter breaks down in tears and suffers a panic attack minutes into The Summit's 'tough to watch' premiere
Celebrity Traitors winner Alan Carr bags ANOTHER TV show with huge streamer - leaving frustrated BBC 'unable to get any of him'
Ethan Hawke makes a rare red carpet appearance with daughter Clementine, 17, as he takes her to the Oscar nominees luncheon
EXCLUSIVE
Amy Winehouse's troubled ex-lover Blake Fielder-Civil is so cut off from his family he 'may not even know the mother of his two children is dead'
EXCLUSIVE
Sarah Ferguson has been in UAE and is plotting astonishing comeback, as she tells friends: 'I need to get back to work, I need money'
Halle Berry flaunts dazzling $200k ring as she hits first red carpet since her engagement to promote new movie  Crime 101
Jason Manford takes swipe at Ricky Gervais as he insists there's no such thing as cancel culture - and claims 'really offensive' jokes are all the rage
Forget crash diets: This popular wellness app supports healthier habits - without calorie counting
SHOPPING
The Pussycat Dolls reunite! Ashley Roberts, Nicole Scherzinger and Kimberly Wyatt enjoy girls' night out in Mayfair amid rumours they are set to make a comeback
Oscar nominees luncheon attendees Emma Stone, Kate Hudson and Elle Fanning make the best dressed list
Nicole Kidman flaunts her natural curls again as she jets out of Sydney in head-to-toe Chanel
Rihanna the billionaire seen doing her own grocery shopping in Los Angeles... with a ring on wedding finger
Angelina Jolie makes rare comments on her double mastectomy scars... 13 years after undergoing preventative surgery
INSIDE STORY
Truth about Lady Gaga's engagement, as insiders reveal star's secret rock bottom... that nearly cost her everything
Love Island All Stars FIRST LOOK: Belle and Lucinda clash in fiery row as villa descends into chaos
Matt Damon's wife Luciana Barroso walks red carpet at Crime 101 premiere after it was revealed she thought Ben Affleck was 'the cute one'
Lily James stuns in a LBD as she poses with chic Daisy Edgar-Jones at star-studded Krug & Max Richter event
Danniella Westbrook is almost unrecognisable as she emerges from hospital with a swollen face after undergoing extensive facial reconstructive surgery
MasterChef: The Professionals fans praise new judge Matt Tebbutt as 'a breath of fresh air' after replacing axed host Gregg Wallace
Duchess of Deceit: The late Queen's private nickname for Fergie after a string of financial scandals, according to insiders
Love Island fans accuse producers of rigging heart rate challenge results to create drama as new bombshell Jessy turns SIX boys' heads
EDEN CONFIDENTIAL: Andrew's 'best friend' is in hospital after plane crash
Kendall Jenner tries to keep low-profile with sister Kylie at celeb hotspot after partying it up at Super Bowl
Hollywood icon Robert Wagner celebrates his 96th birthday with family... after 44th anniversary of wife Natalie Wood's drowning
American Pie hitmaker Don McLean, 80, celebrates his 10th anniversary with girlfriend, 31, whom he calls the 'love of my life'
Vanessa Hudgens says she's 'beyond heartbroken' after having to put down her beloved dog Darla
Olivia Attwood says she feels like someone has 'stolen her personality' after heartbreaking split from husband Bradley Dack
Mo Gilligan shares rare insight into fatherhood after welcoming baby with fiancée Taia and a 'secret love child' with model ex
Gigi Hadid proves her supermodel status in TWO jaw-dropping looks on Ralph Lauren runway at New York Fashion Week
Kim Kardashian reveals hidden talent daughter Chicago, 8, inherited from Kanye West... after North's debut rap song
Michelle Keegan and her husband Mark Wright put on a rare public display of affection as they kiss passionately at a Cheshire train station
Anne Hathaway wows in a semi-sheer dress as she joins glamorous Emilia Jones at Ralph Lauren's New York Fashion Week show
Hailey Bieber cuts a chic figure as she  arrives in Sydney with a huge entourage ahead of Australian launch of her skincare brand Rhode
Jessica Alba's teen daughter reacts to her appearance in Bad Bunny's Super Bowl halftime show
Love Island's Lauren Wood reveals she was talking to Harrison Solomon 'every day' and says 'we were still very much together' before his All Stars entrance
Mickey Rourke, 73, looks decades younger as he returns to spotlight after eviction and GoFundMe drama
Morgan Freeman becomes the latest A-lister to lend his star power to Warburtons as he follows in the footsteps of Olivia Colman
Bill Maher fears Jimmy Kimmel may never TALK to him again after joke about his wife
Jennifer Lopez, 56, pulls up her NikeSKIMS top to flash a low-cut bra as she shares an inspirational message
Mark Wright is every inch the doting father as he shares sweet snaps with daughter Palma amid wife Michelle Keegan's Hollywood career rumours
Lana Del Rey and swamp-guide husband Jeremy Dufrene look loved up as they share a kiss at Ralph Lauren's New York Fashion Week show
EXCLUSIVE
Sad demise of 80s child star: No one in Hollywood even noticed when he died... now family reveal dark shame he 'took to his early grave'
Jessie Buckley cuts a glamorous figure in a strapless black dress as she leads the Brits attending Oscars luncheon in Beverly Hills
Timothee Chalamet suits up for Oscar Nominees Luncheon as he remains best actor frontrunner
Eva Mendes reveals the 'only' costar of Ryan Gosling's that made her jealous
'I've no idea what's going on': Max George shares health update with fans after he was rushed to hospital in the middle of the night
Why Keeley Hawes, 50, is putting 'middle-aged love' on the map with her new drama after her marriage to Matthew Macfadyen, 51, began unconventionally
How I look like this at 48, by Ranvir Singh: How I maintain my figure, the £10 solution to hair loss and the in-the-know celebrity secret that really does get rid of wrinkles
Pregnant Annie Kilner is seen for the first time since it was revealed she's expecting her fifth child with Kyle Walker as she runs errands in Cheshire
Matt Willis reveals how Scientologists tried to turn him against wife Emma by claiming she was a 'negative force' in his life during his addiction battle
The WORST dressed stars at the 2026 Oscars nominee luncheon... from Timothee Chalamet to Rita Wilson
Doctor Who star Noel Clarke is arrested over historical alleged attempted rape and sexual assault of woman in her 20s
EastEnders star Kellie Bright emotionally opens up about her endless 'battle' raising her 12-year-old autistic son Freddie
Katie Price 'puts a deposit down on a house in Dubai with husband Lee Andrews' - despite her 'family's concerns he is scamming her'
Pregnant Paloma Faith hits out at gender reveals in new video as she declares: 'It's 2026 - do we even give a s**t anymore?'
Victoria Beckham shares birthday tribute to her longstanding best pal Charlotte Tilbury as she invites makeup mogul to join the Spice Girls
Nicole Richie's daughter shares first post since revealing her new name as she unveils tattoo tribute to her mother
Kelvin Fletcher recounts 'traumatic time' he was forced out of family home - living with wife Liz and children in temporary accommodation
Bethenny Frankel gets dragged as she deletes Bad Bunny critique and posts complimentary video
Drew Barrymore horrified after letting slip more details about her mile-high romp: 'Did I say that out loud?'
Ricky Hatton's son Campbell comes out of retirement to fight alongside his cousins in his late father's honour
Angie Best says she weighs just 7 stone and needs to gain more to continue chemo amid her battle with colon cancer
Iris Law shows off her toned physique in skimpy workout gear during gym session
Jill Zarin hits back at shock show firing after star trashed Bad Bunny's Super Bowl show for 'having no white people'
Katherine Ryan, 42, reveals she had a full facelift just eight weeks after giving birth to her fourth child - and says she did it to 'reclaim her identity'
Katie Price flaunts surgically-enhanced face in selfie during Dubai honeymoon with husband Lee Andrews
Celebrity in his 50s is arrested over historic attempted rape of woman in her 20s in London in 2007
Lionel Richie cries when he hears American Idol contestant's father is in ICU awaiting transplant
Cher reveals she was sexually assaulted by a roommate's boyfriend at the age of 17 and feared to tell partner Sonny in case he murdered the guy
'Out of touch' Nickelodeon star sparks fan outrage after 'mocking' desperate family trying to save house on fire
Hart To Hart star Robert Wagner turns 96... three months after the anniversary of his wife Natalie Wood's drowning death
EastEnders fans rage 'it makes no sense!' as BBC FINALLY writes Jay Brown out of soap 'in the worst way' possible
Demi Lovato cancels shows on her It's Not That Deep tour months before hitting the road to 'protect my health' as divided fans flood social media with comments
Louise Thompson breaks down in tears as fiancé Ryan Libbey says he's struggling to accept they'll need to use a surrogate to have a second child
Kendall Jenner's awkward day out at the Super Bowl as rumoured past flame Lewis Hamilton cosied up to her sister Kim Kardashian while her ex Bad Bunny performed
Teddi Mellencamp marks one year since stage 4 cancer diagnosis as she recalls horror of 'plum-sized' tumors
Marc Anthony accuses Brooklyn Beckham of lying and says his statement was 'hardly the truth' as wedding singer breaks his silence on 'unfortunate' feud
Maya Jama turns heads in a low-cut vest top as she heads out on a hike during a break from filming Love Island in South Africa
Tamzin Outhwaite, 55, reveals the incredible results of her £5K non-surgical facelift after 'feeling down' about her looks
EXCLUSIVE
She starred with John Travolta in a hit '70s movie then popped up on The Sopranos, who is she?
Supermodel Patti Hansen, 69, still looks youthful four decades after marrying Keith Richards of The Rolling Stones... see her now
Ben Shephard's The Summit full line-up revealed - including nepo baby with I'm A Celebrity star mum taking on brutal challenges
'I feel sick!' Harry Styles fans face anxious wait to hear if they will be going to his £20 gig as Ticketmaster begins to confirm who has been successful
Janet Street Porter shares heartbreaking reason she kept wedding a secret - revealing she was 'a complete state' as she tied the knot for the fifth time last month
Buying a treat for Victoria? David Beckham cosies up to Hermès VIP boss Michael Coste after selling his Miami penthouse for a tidy profit
Sofia Coppola bring her mini-me daughter Cosima, 15, to Marc Jacobs runway show
Love Island spoilers: The heart rate challenge results are IN - and another triangle kicks off with 'crazy' secret garden confession
Wuthering Heights 'lewd, exhausting sex scenes' divide critics while Emerald Fennell is accused of leaving 'Emily Brontë rolling in her grave'
Heavily pregnant Ellie Goulding, 39, cuddles up to boyfriend Beau Minniear, 28, on a low-key stroll as they prepare to welcome their first baby together
Petra Ecclestone is slammed by PETA for 'shameful and dangerous' video of family trip to animal sanctuary where they petted tigers and played with orangutans in Dubai
Claudia Winkleman 'so grateful' as she lands new Channel 4 hosting gig months after quitting Strictly Come Dancing
Jesy Nelson shares sweet picture of her baby twins holding hands and watching TV in hospital after sharing heartbreaking reality of their daily life following SMA diagnosis
Controversial influencer Clavicular, 20, is ARRESTED... months after livestream incident that showed pedestrian being run over
Kid Rock explains lip-syncing controversy at Turning Point USA halftime show and slams Bad Bunny's official Super Bowl performance
Clara McGregor shares snaps from her 30th celebrations with her mother and father - after she made up with dad Ewan and his wife Mary
Jennifer Garner reunites with her husband in first look at season 2 of The Last Thing He Told Me,
Rosalia talks God, saints, celebrity and what makes her cry as she joins season three of Euphoria
Netflix fans do a double take as teen heartthrob looks unrecognisable debuting striking new look at star-studded party
Star Wars and Life Of Brian actor, 87, left bulk of £720,000 fortune to sister, close friends and cats home
What Beatrice REALLY knew about her parents' dealings with Epstein: Files reveal she advised Fergie on PR around her friendship with the paedophile - who claimed to a friend: 'Princess likes me'
Mother-of-three Christina Haack, 42, parties like a rock star in Miami: 'Living my champagne life to the fullest'
Love Island's funniest Heart Rate Challenges ever: Look back at 10 most cringeworthy performances after this year's islanders were branded 'best in show history'
Danny Boyle superfan breaks down in tears as director sends her a sweet handwritten note after she revealed she's watched 127 Hours over 1,000 times
I had my breast removed in horrendous operation I thought would kill me and underwent seven months of chemo
Rita Ora, 35, showcases her incredible abs in a tiny bikini top as she joins trendy husband Taika Waititi, 50, on the beach in Sydney
Lewis Hamilton proves he's part of the family as he cheers on Kim Kardashian's hilarious attempts at a viral couples challenge during night at home
Maura Higgins sizzles in a backless sheer gown as she attends a Sports Illustrated event after rival Olivia Attwood accused her of 'copying' her every move
'Ashamed' Princess Eugenie is spotted in Qatar after latest Epstein files revealed crude email Fergie sent to the paedophile about her teen daughter's sex life
Betrayal viewers call out string of 'ridiculous' blunders as they bombard ITV with questions after action-packed premiere
The Princess of Wales signalled a key jewellery trend with her gold heart necklace - here are our favourite pendants to buy
Sweden's Princess Sofia breaks her silence on Jeffrey Epstein links and admits meeting him at 'social events'
Brooding Tom Hardy and Joanne Froggatt clash in steely first look at MobLand series two as pair lock horns looking out over London's River Thames
Sam Thompson shares his Valentine's Day plans with girlfriend Talitha Balinska after his hopes of taking her on a romantic ski trip were dashed
Coleen Rooney looks tired as she wraps up in a £360 North Face x SKIMS coat and a £460 Miu Miu top to grab a coffee
Lizzie Cundy suffers 'more heartache and sadness' as she announces the death of her childhood friend just weeks after her brother's passing
EXCLUSIVE
Why insiders fear Lewis Hamilton's relationship 'rules' mean Kim could be heading for heartbreak, by DOMINIQUE HINES
Mel B hints she's fully on board with the Spice Girls reunion after missing Victoria's big meet-up as she slips back into her leopard print
Jeffrey Epstein asked celebrity hairstylist if he would like Andrew at his 'Monday boom boom'
Max George is rushed to hospital in the middle of the night as he shares photo from A&E after having pacemaker fitted
Noel Gallagher tells his critics to 'meet me there and we'll have it out' as he addresses BRIT Awards Songwriter Of The Year controversy
Margot Robbie brands Amanda Holden a 'legend' as they neck beer and gin while doing a 'shoey' during morning interview
Lord Of The Flies viewers praise BBC for 'producing a masterpiece' with 'absolutely impeccable acting' after binge-watching all four episodes
Kate and Rio Ferdinand show off their ripped physiques in matching cover shoots as they open up on why they relocated to Dubai
EXCLUSIVE
Jeffrey Epstein discussed how Sarah Ferguson was considering 'going bankrupt' as Andrew called a 'big meeting' at Royal Lodge over her finances, emails reveal
Adam Peaty's estranged mum WILL feature in Gordon Ramsay's Netflix show - despite demanding to be removed from the show after wedding snub
Peppa Pig fans rejoice as George says his sister's name for the first time after being diagnosed as deaf in 'powerful' storyline
Prince William appears to ignore question from TV crew in Saudi Arabia asking if royals have 'done enough' over Epstein scandal
Quiz fans outraged as University Challenge, Only Connect and Mastermind are all pulled from BBC schedules in 'sorry state of affairs'
'I can't believe I've got my stomach out in public': Love Island's Chloe Crowhurst says she's worn a bikini for first time since welcoming daughter in 2022
Holly Willoughby's sister pays tribute to her on her birthday with sweet throwback snap
The Tindalls take USA! Zara Tindall unleashes her inner cowgirl during wild Texan night out before husband Mike heads to the Super Bowl
Julia Fox flashes her underwear in a kooky outfit with HUGE platform boots as she leads the glamour at Marc Jacobs runway show in New York
BBC viewers 'up until 1am' streaming 'insane and absolutely heartbreaking' true crime documentary - urging others 'you NEED to watch it'
'Princess Anne is so sweet': Canadian Olympic gushes over royal as she reveals what was said during their 'little chit chat' at medal presentation
EXCLUSIVE
Grieving daughter of Amy Winehouse love rival pays tribute to 'beautiful mother' after 'unexplained' death aged 47
Vinnie Jones hits back at 'upsetting' accusations that he's copying Jeremy Clarkson with new countryside reality series
Olivia Attwood says she 'hates' Valentine's Day and 'wants to be left alone' after her split from husband Bradley Dack
Love Island's funniest Heart Rate Challenges ever: Look back at 10 cringeworthy performances
Isla Fisher celebrates her 50th birthday in London with close friends including Michelle Dockery and Helen Fielding
Gordon Ramsay admits he 'stole' wife Tana from his friend and thought she was 'f****** gorgeous' - but she says she found him 'irritating and arrogant'
Jake Paul claims his social media was HACKED following backlash over his Bad Bunny Super Bowl rant - as he backtracks after calling him a 'fake American'
Harry Potter TV bosses insist new show will be 'streaming event of the decade' as JK Rowling trans row rages on
Huge Coronation Street star forced to take break from soap to shoot exit scenes from rival show - just months after their sensational return
Beloved Channel 4 drama that launched careers of Hollywood stars 'returning for reboot 21 years after TV axing'
Leigh-Anne Pinnock shows off her incredible figure in a tiny bikini as she gets her groove on at the São Paulo carnival
Coronation Street legend Beverley Callard, 68, says she's feeling 'positive and strong' after being diagnosed with breast cancer
Silent Witness fans confused as episode pulled from screens in last-minute schedule shake-up - as BBC forced to issue poignant statement
Holly Ramsay and Adam Peaty ignore bitter 'bullying' row with his family as she celebrates dad Gordon's 25 years at three Michelin stars
How Olivia Colman 'survives' her 25-year marriage to Ed Sinclair after revealing she describes herself to him as a 'gay man' and 'feels nonbinary'
Mel B's daughter Phoenix Chi Brown, 26, holds hands with a friend as they attend Maison Perrier event
Doechii makes a statement as she adds 'lesbian' to the bio of her new Instagram account
Maya Jama pines for boyfriend Ruben Dias as she wears one of his football shirts and says the only reason she is still living in England is 'because my man is there'
Lady Gaga thanks Bad Bunny 'for including me in this powerful, important, and meaningful performance' after joining his Super Bowl halftime show
David Beckham sells his $19.8m Miami penthouse for tidy profit six years after buying lavish pad - amid feud with estranged son Brooklyn
Molly-Mae Hague enjoys her first night out since announcing her second pregnancy as she heads to a Mumford and Sons concert with sister Zoe
Love Island All Stars fans crown heart rate challenge the 'best in show history' as islanders strip down to underwear and perform sexy routines
Rio Ferdinand reveals he is using a WHEELCHAIR with back injuries from his football career regularly hospitalising him in Dubai
Jessica Simpson, 45, looks unrecognizable with brunette hair and smooth complexion as fans insist she's 'aging backwards'
Bad Bunny smashes the record for the most watched Super Bowl Halftime Show in history with 135.4 MILLION views
Maura Higgins vs Olivia Attwood: Irish star lands a blow by bagging a ticket to the hottest celeb event of the year - but who really comes out on top?
Margot Robbie says male costar once gave her a book 'telling' her to 'eat less'
Catherine O'Hara's cause of death revealed days after her shock passing at 71
EDEN CONFIDENTIAL: Puzzle as Keira drops married name on her £11m company
Kim Kardashian and Lewis Hamilton's romance is 'moving forward' despite their intense schedules after couple went public at Super Bowl 2026
King Charles expresses 'profound concern' at allegations of Andrew's conduct after Epstein file release... as Buckingham Palace 'stands ready to support' police
Highlander FIRST LOOK: Henry Cavill returns to set as he joins Dave Bautista for action scenes at Westminster Abbey after injury brought reboot to a halt
Alix Earle responds to backlash for Bad Bunny Super Bowl halftime show appearance... despite past Trump connection
Comedian Joanne McNally 'is lined up for the second series of The Celebrity Traitors' as bosses assemble star-studded cast
BRIAN VINER: Margot Robbie and Jacob Elordi have lashings of kinky sex but it's less Wuthering Heights more Fifty Shades of Grimm
The ultimate guide to recreating Kate Middleton's signature make-up look - using the exact products she loves
Sydney Sweeney flashes boxers from her new lingerie brand SYRN as she steps out in NYC
Princess Andre 'completely horrified and desperate' to save mum Katie Price from new husband Lee Andrews
Snoop Dogg's daughter Cori shares photo memories of her late child who tragically died at 10 months old
Jurassic Park star Jeff Goldblum, 73, makes very rare appearance with wife, 43, and two young sons
Justin Baldoni and wife Emily put their California home on the market amid Blake Lively legal drama
Chappell Roan LEAVES Casey Wasserman's talent agency after his flirty emails to Jeffrey Epstein's partner in crime Ghislaine Maxwell
Follow
DailyMail
Subscribe
Daily Mail
Follow
@dailymail
Follow
DailyMail
Follow
MailOnline
Follow
Daily Mail
ADVERTORIAL FEATURES
Lights Camera Jeddah - The Red Sea Film Festival brings Hollywood icons and the best of global film talent to Jeddah.
LEARN MORE >
M Predictor
Think you know football? Prove it, and you can win up to £1000. T&Cs apply.
Play now >
Follow us on:
Back to top
Company
DMG Media
Leadership Team
This is Money
Metro
Newzit
Mail Travel
About Daily Mail
Channels
Home
News
Royals
U.S.
Sport
TV
Showbiz
Lifestyle
Health
Science
Money
Travel
Podcasts
Buyline
DailyMail+
Terms of Use
Website Terms
Privacy Settings
Privacy Policy
Subscription Terms & Conditions
Do not sell or share my personal information
Contributors
Additional Cookie Information
Get in Touch
Contact us
How to complain
Work with us
Advertise with us
Daily Mail Subscriptions Help & FAQs
More
Sitemap
RSS
Archive
Authors
Topics Index
Text-Based Site
Mobile Site
© 2026 Associated Newspapers Limited