Terms of use - The Daily Galaxy -Great Discoveries Channel
Skip to content
The user of the site must accept the terms and conditions of use.
Cookies
During visits to the site, the automatic installation of a cookie on the user’s browser software may occur.
Cookies are small files temporarily placed on the user’s computer hard drive. These cookies are necessary to ensure accessibility and navigation on the site. These files do not contain personal information and cannot be used to identify an individual.
By browsing the site, the user accepts cookies. Their deactivation can be done via the settings of the browser software.
Intellectual Property
The trademarks, logos, signs, and all other content of the site are protected by the Intellectual Property Code and more specifically by copyright law.
It is possible for you to print or save pages of the site for your personal use, or to draw attention to these pages, without making any modifications. Photos, videos, illustrations should not be used without the accompanying text. The authors of the content must always be recognized.
No commercial use can be made of the content presented on this site without first obtaining our permission or the permission of the holders of the intellectual property rights of the contents.
Legal Use of This Site
You must not:
Use this site in any way that is contrary to applicable laws
Use this site for a commercial purpose, or in any way that is abusive, defamatory, or restricts others’ ability to use and enjoy the site
Share your password, or give access to your account to others
Collect information presented on this site by automated means (without our prior permission)
Liability
To the extent permitted by law, we and our partners disclaim any liability for any loss or damage suffered as a result of the use or access to our site, whether direct or indirect, and whatever the consequence.
We cannot be held responsible for the content of sites to which we provide links, or for any harm or damage suffered as a result of the use of these sites. These links should not be interpreted as an endorsement.
Site Modifications
We may modify this site at any time, for example, to improve its design or change its content. We will make all reasonable efforts to keep this site up to date, but cannot guarantee that it will be complete or error-free.
Modifications to These Conditions
We may modify these terms of use. We will then publish the changes on the site.
Subscribe to our newsletter « Daily Galaxy »
Thematic
Useful links
Follow us
© 2026 | Daily Galaxy  | All rights reserved
Search for: