Terms and Conditions | David's Bridal
Cookie consent
We and our partners, including Shopify, use cookies and other technologies to personalize your experience, show you ads, and perform analytics, and we will not use cookies or other technologies for these purposes unless you accept them. Learn more in our
Privacy Policy
Manage preferences
Accept
Decline
Skip to content
Angle Thin Left
Diamond: Extra 5% Off
Join For Free
Arrow
Book Appointment
Diamond: FREE shipping $99+
Join For Free
Arrow
Book Appointment
Diamond: Extra 5% Off
Join For Free
Arrow
Book Appointment
Diamond: FREE shipping $99+
Join For Free
Arrow
Book Appointment
Diamond: Extra 5% Off
Join For Free
Arrow
Book Appointment
Angle Thin Right
Book Appointment
Book Appointment
exclusive offers
Back Button
Search
This page allows you to find out what the nearest shop is to your location
Wishlist
general
terms and conditions of use
Your Use of This Website is Governed By These Terms and Conditions
Last Updated: July 29, 2024
Welcome to David’s Bridal and our Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions are important and affect your legal rights, so please read them carefully. We know it is tempting to skip these Terms and Conditions, but just as we thoughtfully design and craft our dresses, so too do we believe it is important to be thoughtful and careful about what you can expect from us as you use our services, and what we can expect from you. Understanding the Terms and Conditions is important because, by using our services, you are agreeing to these terms.
Your use of Web sites and other mobile applications, content and services (collectively, the "Service") made available by David's Bridal, Inc, a Delaware corporation, David's Canada Inc, a Canadian national corporation, and their respective divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, "David's Bridal", "we", "us", or "our" the "Site") is subject to the terms of a legal contract between you and David's Bridal. These General Terms and Conditions of Use ("Terms") explain how the legal contract between you and David's Bridal is made and sets out the terms of that contract.
Notice for California Residents
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users are entitled to the following consumer rights notice: If you have a question or complaint regarding the Site, please send an email to gdpr-sar@dbi.com. You may also contact us by writing to: David’s Bridal, Inc., 630 Allendale Road, Suite 250, King of Prussia, PA 19406 ATTN:  GDPR-SAR or by calling us at 610-943-6529. California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.  Additional information for California Residents can be found in David’s
California Privacy Rights
page.
1. Agreement to Terms.
These Terms constitute a legal agreement between the Site’s customers (“you”) and the Site. Unless we agree otherwise in writing, your contract with us always includes these Terms. To the extent any area within the Service contains specific terms and conditions concerning its use ("Specific Terms"), your contract with David's Bridal will also include those Specific Terms. To the extent there is a direct conflict between the General Terms and the Specific Terms, the Specific Terms shall prevail. Together, the General Terms and Specific Terms, if any (collectively, the "Terms"), form the legal and binding contract between you and David's Bridal. Because the Terms are a legally binding contract, you should carefully read them before accessing or using the Service.
By accessing or using the Site, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions contained in these Terms and all other operating rules, policies and procedures that we may publish from time to time on the Site, including our
Privacy Policy
, each of which is incorporated by reference and each of which may be updated from time to time without notice to you. Your acceptance of the Terms is indicated by your continued use of the Site. Please read everything here carefully, and be sure to contact us if you have any questions. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS, OR ANY PORTION OF THESE TERMS (INCLUDING ANY PORTION OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY), YOU MUST NOT ACCESS OR USE OUR WEBSITE.
These Terms and the information provided in the Service do not modify or supersede the terms and conditions of your purchase of any product or service from David's Bridal except as specifically provided in these Terms.
THIS AGREEMENT INCLUDES A MANDATORY ARBITRATION AGREEMENT (Section 16) WHICH MEANS THAT YOU AGREE TO SUBMIT ANY CLAIM (AS DEFINED BELOW) TO BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION RATHER THAN PROCEEDING IN A COURT. THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT ALSO INCLUDES A CLASS ACTION WAIVER, WHICH MEANS THAT YOU AGREE TO PROCEED WITH ANY CLAIM INDIVIDUALLY AND NOT AS A PART OF A CLASS ACTION. BY USING THIS SITE, YOU WILL BE BOUND TO ARBITATE ANY DISPUTES ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS THROUGH FINAL AND BINDING ARBITRATION, UNLESS YOU OPT OUT OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT BY FOLLOWING THE OPT-OUT PROCEDURES DESCRIBED BELOW (Section 16). BY ENTERING THIS AGREEMENT, YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND ALL OF THE TERMS OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND HAVE TAKEN TIME TO CONSIDER THE CONSEQUENCES OF THIS IMPORTANT DECISION.
2. Privacy.
You understand that it may be necessary for us to collect personal information about you. In doing so, David’s Bridal promises to respect and safeguard the privacy of your personal information as set forth in David’s Bridal Privacy Policy, available at
www.davidsbridal.com/legal/privacy-policy
, as modified by us from time to time.
In most cases, we will rely on your consent to process your personal information. You may indicate your consent in a number of ways, including, as permitted by law, ticking a box (or equivalent action) to indicate your consent when (i) providing us with your personal information through our Services or a form (including enrolling in Promotions); or (ii) registering or creating an account with us. You consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with our privacy policy, available at
http://www.davidsbridal.com/legal/privacy-policy
, as modified by us from time to time. In some cases, we will directly ask for your consent to process your personal information. You understand and agree that when you volunteer personal information about yourself you are providing David’s Bridal with affirmative consent to collect the personal information about you.
You may at any time withdraw your consent with future effect and without affecting the lawfulness of processing of your Personal Data based on the consent you provided before you withdrew it, and exercise other controls regarding website and online data collection, interest-based advertising, your communication settings, and app preferences. Depending on the Service, collection and use of Personal Data may be required for the Services to work. For more information about the information we collect and about how to manage your preferences and/or withdraw consent, please see our
Privacy Policy
.
3. Modification of Terms.
David's Bridal shall have right at any time and without prior notice, at its sole discretion, to revise these Terms or to impose new terms and conditions with respect to access to or use of the Service. Such revisions and additions shall be effective immediately upon notice thereof, which may be given by any means, including, but not limited to, posting the revised or additional terms and conditions at www.davidsbridal.com or providing notice through the Service. You should check this Web page periodically for any modification to these Terms. By using the Service after we post changes to these Terms, you agree to accept those changes, whether or not you actually reviewed them. No modification to these Terms by any party other than David's Bridal shall be enforceable against David's Bridal unless expressly agreed to by David's Bridal in writing. You can determine when these Terms were last revised by referring to the "LAST UPDATED" legend at the top of these Terms.
4. Discontinued Operation of Service; Termination of Access.
We grant you a limited, non-transferable license to make personal use of the Service on one computer or mobile device in accordance with these Terms, and all applicable laws. This license does not include the right to resell or make any commercial use of the Service or any content available through the Service.
David's Bridal retains the right, without notice and at any time, to modify, suspend or discontinue the availability of all or any part of the Service, to charge a fee for parts of the Service that may have been previously provided at no charge, to discontinue any products or services offered through the Service. David's Bridal is not liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
David's Bridal may disable your ability to access your account or may terminate your right to access or use the Service or any portion thereof, without notice, at any time, and for any reason, including reasons such as conduct that we, in our sole discretion, believe is in violation of any applicable law or is harmful to the interests of another user, David's Bridal or its suppliers, vendors, and content providers (collectively, "Providers").
Your right to use the Service terminates automatically if you fail to comply with these Terms. No notice is required from us to effect such termination. Additionally, we may terminate these Terms at any time and for any reason and may give you notice of such termination by any means, such as e-mail, alert messages posted through the Service, posting notice on
https://www.davidsbridal.com/
or otherwise generally publishing such termination. Upon termination, you must stop using the Service and remove all copies from your computer or mobile device. Rights and obligations under these Terms which by their nature should survive will survive and remain in effect after any termination or expiration of the Terms.
5. Children.
You must be at least 16 years old to Use the Site. If you are under the age of majority in your state of residence (a minor), your parent or legal guardian must agree to these Terms on your behalf, and you may only access and Use the Site with permission from your parent or legal guardian.
6. Content.
The Web sites, mobile applications, and services comprising the Service, each of their respective components, all content provided by or through the Service, together with the user interface, the compilation and arrangement of the Web sites and mobile applications, and the text, photographs, audio and video, graphics, logos, illustrations, descriptions, data, and other material available on or through the Web sites and mobile applications provided as a part of the Service are referred to collectively as the "Content". David's Bridal may change, delete, or update any Content at any time and without prior notice.
Unless otherwise noted, all Content is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, and other proprietary rights that are owned by David's Bridal or its Providers. You may view and use the Content only for your personal use, namely, shopping and ordering products and services from David's Bridal through the Service, and for no other purpose. You may not use, reproduce, copy, modify, transmit, display, publish, sell, license, publicly perform, distribute or commercially exploit any of the Content, or use data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools with the Service. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of David's Bridal or its Providers without our express, written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing our name or trademarks without our express, written consent. Any use of the Content, except as specifically permitted in these Terms or as otherwise expressly permitted in a writing signed by David's Bridal, is strictly prohibited.
NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT
If you believe that your rights under United States or international copyright laws are being violated by any Content posted on or transmitted through the Service, or items advertised on the Service, please contact us promptly so that we may investigate the situation and, if appropriate, block or remove the offending Content. It is our policy to disable access to infringing materials, and to terminate access of repeat infringers to the Service. In order for us to investigate your claim of infringement, you must provide us with the following information:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest;
A description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you believe has been infringed;
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located or identified on the Service; Your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information submitted to us is accurate and that you are the owner of the copyright or intellectual property or authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or intellectual property.
The above information should be provided to David's Bridal's agent for notice of claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement, who can be reached as follows:
By mail:
Copyright Agent
David's Bridal, Inc.
630 Allendale Road, Suite 250,
King of Prussia, PA 19406By phone: 610.943.5000
By e-mail:
CopyrightAgent@DBI.com
7. Your Submissions.
You may not post on or transmit through the Service any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable Content of any kind, including, but not limited to, any Content that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any applicable law. If we are notified that you have submitted or posted such Content, then we may investigate the allegation and determine in our sole discretion whether to remove or request the removal of such Content from the Service. We may disclose any Content or electronic communication of any kind (i) to satisfy any law, regulation, or government request; (ii) if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate the Service or our business; or (iii) to protect the rights or property of David's Bridal, its Providers, you or other users of the Service.
You may upload to or otherwise submit to the Service only such Content (a) that is not subject to any copyright or other proprietary rights restrictions; (b) with respect to which the owner or licensor has given express authorization for David's Bridal to distribute over the Internet; and (c) that does not contain any material that may damage, interfere with, intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information. Any copyrighted or other proprietary Content uploaded or submitted to the Service with the consent of a copyright owner should contain a phrase such as "Copyright, owned by [name of owner]; used by permission". The unauthorized submission of copyrighted or other proprietary Content is illegal and could subject you to civil and criminal liability. You will be liable for any damage resulting from any infringement of copyrights or proprietary rights, or from any other harm arising from an unauthorized submission or submission of any material prohibited by these Terms.
Except as otherwise expressly provided in these Terms, any Content you transmit to the Service by e-mail or otherwise, including any photos, videos, stories, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like, is and will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and may be used by David's Bridal and its Providers, for any purpose, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. Furthermore, David's Bridal and its Providers are free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you submit through the Service for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, and marketing products or services using information contained in such communication.
8. Linked Third Party Sites.
Links to Web sites operated by third parties available through the Service, including links to Web sites operated by Providers, do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, or approval by David's Bridal of the content, policies, or practices of such Web sites. Linked Web sites are not operated, controlled, or maintained by David's Bridal, and David's Bridal is not responsible for the availability, content, security, policies, or practices of linked Web sites, including, without limitation, privacy policies and practices. Links to other Web sites are provided for your convenience only, and you access them at your own risk.
9. Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability.
THE SERVICE IS LICENSED "AS-IS," "WITH ALL FAULTS," AND "AS AVAILABLE." YOU BEAR THE RISK OF USING THE SERVICE. DAVID'S BRIDAL AND ITS PROVIDERS MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICE, ANY CONTENT AND ALL PRODUCTS OR SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE, INCLUDING THE AVAILABILITY OF THE SERVICE, ANY PRODUCTS, OR ANY CONTENT OR THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR TIMELINESS OF THAT CONTENT. DAVID'S BRIDAL AND ITS PROVIDERS DO NOT WARRANT OR REPRESENT THAT YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SERVICE, ANY CONTENT OR PRODUCTS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR FREE OF ERRORS OR OMISSIONS, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE SERVICE, ANY CONTENT OR ANY LINKED SITE IS FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, ALL CONTENT AND PRODUCTS PROVIDED OR AVAILABLE FOR PURCHASE THROUGH THE SERVICE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," WITH NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. DAVID'S BRIDAL AND ITS PROVIDERS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICE, ALL CONTENT AND PRODUCTS, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND THOSE ARISING BY STATUTE OR FROM A COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. THE "AS IS" CONDITION OF THE SERVICE, PRODUCTS AND ALL CONTENT IS EXPRESSLY MADE A CONDITION OF ANY TRANSACTION ARISING THROUGH OR AS A RESULT OF THE SERVICE. Because some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer or limitation of implied warranties, the above limitations may not apply to you.
IN NO EVENT WILL DAVID'S BRIDAL, ITS PROVIDERS, OR ANY OF ITS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, OR SPECIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR DELAY, LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, AND THE LIKE), WHETHER FORESEEABLE OR UNFORESEEABLE, ARISING OUT OF THESE TERMS, THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE, OR ANY PURCHASE MADE THROUGH THE SERVICE, REGARDLESS OF THE BASIS OF THE CLAIM AND EVEN WHEN DAVID'S BRIDAL OR A PROVIDER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. Because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitations may not apply to you.
IN NO EVENT WILL DAVID'S BRIDAL'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER STATUTORY, CONTRACT OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) EXCEED THE FEES PAID FOR THE PRODUCT OR SERVICE FORMING THE BASIS OF THE CLAIM.
These limits apply to anything related to the Terms, the Service, any content (including code) on third party Web sites, and all claims for breach of contract (whether for the purchase of products or services or otherwise), breach of warranty, guarantee or condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the extent permitted by applicable law. These limits also apply even if: (i) repair, replacement, or a refund for the Service does not fully compensate you for any damages; or (ii) David's Bridal or a Provider knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE NOT TO SEEK TO RECOVER ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING DIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, FROM ANY PROVIDER.
10. Indemnification.
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless David's Bridal, its affiliates and Providers, and our and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents from and against all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, and costs (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs), arising out of or relating to your breach of these Terms or your access or use of the Service and any product or service provided to you arising out of or relating to your use of the Service. The foregoing indemnification obligation shall survive termination of these Terms and the Service.
11. Registration; Customer Accounts; Use of Service.
Certain services offered on or through the Service require you to first open an account. You will need to provide a password, username, and other information such as your name and email address. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information, including your password, and for all activity that occurs under your account. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or password, or any other breach of security. You may be held liable for losses incurred by us or any other user of the Service due to someone else using your password or customer account. You may not use anyone else's password or customer account. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Service, and if you attempt to do so, or assist others in making such attempts, then we may terminate your account. You agree to provide us with accurate information about yourself as prompted by the registration process, and update that information to keep it current. You may update any of your account information by clicking on the My Account button, logging in to your account and selecting My Profile.
You may not use any automatic device, program, or technology, or any equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy, probe, test or monitor any portion of the Service or any Content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Service or any Content, to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through the Service. You agree that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionate load on the infrastructure of the Service.
12. David’s Bridal Marketing Mobile Program Terms & Conditions.
From time to time, if you reside in the United States of America, David’s Bridal may offer SMS text communications, concerning your appointment, your shopping experience, and all of your wedding plans. By participating in the SMS Program, you are agreeing to these Terms and to the Privacy Policy. When you opt into our SMS Program, you understand and agree that the Website Terms are incorporated into, and become part of, the SMS Terms of Use (and both documents are together, the “Terms”). THE TERMS CONTAIN AN ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, JURY AND CLASS ACTION WAIVERS, LIMITATIONS ON OUR LIABILITY, AND OTHER PROVISIONS THAT AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS REGARDING THE SMS PROGRAM. PLEASE CAREFULLY READ AND UNDERSTAND THESE TERMS.
Data obtained from you in connection with this text messaging service may include your mobile phone number, your carrier’s name, and the date time and content of your messages and other information you provide to David’s Bridal as part of this service. David’s Bridal may use this information to contact you and provide services you request from David’s Bridal. David’s Bridal may also use this information as described in the subscription list you’ve enrolled in. David’s Bridal may use an automatic dialing system to deliver text messages to you. If you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please read our privacy policy at
PRIVACY POLICY.
As always, message and data rates may apply for any messages sent to you from us and to us from you. Message and data frequency may vary.  This does not include messages non-autodialed messages such as those from sales associates, conversations with “HELP” providers, or package delivery updates.  If you have any questions about your text or data plan, it is best to contact your wireless provider.
David’s Bridal will not be liable for any delays in the receipt of any text messages. Delivery is subject to effective transmission from your network operator.
Enrollment in the SMS Program requires you to provide your mobile phone number and electronic signature to agree to these Terms. You may not enroll if you are under 18 years old (except in Alabama and Nebraska, 19 years old). Before the SMS Program will start, you will need to verify the mobile phone number you provided by responding to a text message to your mobile phone that affirms your choice to opt-in to this Service and your agreement to these Terms. David’s Bridal. reserves the right to stop offering the SMS Program at any time with or without notice.
By opting into the SMS Program you:
• Authorize David’s Bridal to use autodialer or non-autodialer technology to send text messages to the mobile phone number associated with your opt-in (i.e., the number listed on the opt-in form or, if none, the number from which you send the opt-in, or, if none, the number on file for the account associated with your opt-in).
• Acknowledge that you do not have to agree to receive messages as a condition of purchase.
• Confirm that you are the subscriber to the relevant phone number or that you are the customary user of that number on a family or business plan and that you are authorized to opt in.
• Consent to the use of an electronic record to document your opt-in. To update our records with your contact information, please call 610-943-6529.  To view and retain an electronic copy of these Terms or the rest of your opt-in, you will need (i) a device (such as a computer or mobile phone) with Internet access, and (ii) and either a printer or storage space on such device. For an email copy, you'll also need an email account you can access from the device, along with a browser or other software that can display the emails.
Once you affirm your choice to opt in to the SMS Program, your message frequency may vary. You may receive an alert when:
• you are welcomed into the SMS Program
• an order has been placed
• an order has been delivered
• an item or items has shipped; an item or items are ready for an in-store pick up
• there are general marketing or promotions
You can choose to receive these messages by giving your consent to receive autodialed text messages by providing your mobile phone number to David’s Bridal in writing.
The SMS text messages that promote partners of David's Bridal, may occasionally include a link directly to the partners' website. When you click the link within the text message, you will be directed to the partners’ website, at which time you will provide the partner with your information directly. David's Bridal will not receive any information you provide to the partner.
Other SMS text messages that promote partners of David's Bridal, may direct you to complete information on a page of David's Bridal website. When you enter information, on David’s Bridal’s website, to participate in a partners’ promotional offer we will share your information with the partner.
Consent is not required as a condition of purchase. Message and data rates may apply.
By signing up, you are confirming you are over the age of 16 and are a resident of the United States.
In the event that you change or deactivate your mobile phone number, you agree to notify David’s Bridal by emailing gdpr-sar@dbi.com or calling 610-943-6529.
You can text HELP for help at any time. This will provide you a link to the Terms along with a phone number to call for assistance. If at any time you forget what keywords are supported, just text “HELP” to the text message you received. After you send the SMS message “HELP” to us, we will respond with instructions on how to use our service as well as how to unsubscribe.
To stop receiving text messages from David’s Bridal, reply STOP to any of the text messages you have received from David’s Bridal. Your opt-out request may generate either a confirmation text or a texted request to clarify the text message program to which it applies (if you have more than one). To complete your opt-out, please provide the requested clarification. You acknowledge that the text message platform may not recognize and respond to unsubscribe requests that do not include the STOP keyword command and agree that David’s Bridal and its service providers will have no liability for failing to honor such requests. If you unsubscribe from one of our text message programs, you may continue to receive text messages from David’s Bridal through any other programs you have joined until you separately unsubscribe from those programs. These Terms still will apply if you withdraw the consent mentioned above or opt out of the SMS Program.
Further, if at any time after signing up for mobile messages you wish to stop receiving them, follow the directions below and we will remove you from future communications:
Text STOP to 64589 to stop receiving promotional messages from David’s Bridal (you will receive a confirmation text).
Text STOP to 38201 to stop receiving transactional messages from David’s Bridal (you will receive a confirmation text).
12a. David’s Bridal Special Offers.
How to Sign Up
Visit
https://www.davidsbridal.com/sign-up
and enter your email and phone number to receive up to 5 promotional text messages per week from short code 64589, not including transaction notifications or user-initiated queries and responses, for which frequency may vary.
or
Enter your email and phone number to the pop up on
davidsbridal.com
receive up to 5 promotional text messages per week from short code 64589, not including transaction notifications or user-initiated queries and responses, for which frequency may vary.
Text JOIN to 38201 to receive transaction-related messages, for which frequency will depend on customer activity with David’s Bridal.
How to Unsubscribe
Text STOP to 64589 to stop receiving promotional messages from David’s Bridal (you will receive a confirmation text).
Text STOP to 38201 to stop receiving transactional messages from David’s Bridal (you will receive a confirmation text).
12b. Bridal Show Promotions.
How to Sign Up
Attend the relevant Bridal Show and follow the instructions on the Call to Action found at the David’s Bridal booth.
How to Unsubscribe
Text STOP to 64589 to stop receiving bridal show promotional messages from David’s Bridal (you will receive a confirmation text).
How we use your Information: David’s Bridal will send you emails and texts that include customized content, including targeted offers and other promotional advertising. We will respect and safeguard the privacy of your personal information as described in the David’s Bridal Privacy Policy. You can also find details on how we use or may share your information with third parties within the Privacy Policy.
For Additional Help
If you have questions about receiving text messages from David’s Bridal, or need help with anything else, call 1-844-400-3222.
Supported Carriers
AT&T, CellCom USA, Google Voice, ACS/Alaska, Cellular Network Partnership (PIONEER), Element Mobile (Flat Wireless), Illinois Valley Cellular (IV Cellular), MTPCS (Cellular One Nation), Immix(Keystone Wireless), Panhandle Telecommunications Systems(PTCI), SRT Wireless, Union Telephone Company(Union Wireless), Pine Cellular, Copper Valley, Chariton Valley Cellular, Sprint/Boost/Virgin, C Spire Wireless, Advantage Cellular (DTC Wireless), Cellular One of East Central Illinois, Epic Touch (Elkhart Telephone), i Wireless (IOWA Wireless), Cross Telephone Company (MBO Wireless), Mosaic (Consolidated or CTC Telecom), RINA, Texas RSA 3 Ltd(Plateau Wireless), Viaero Wireless, Aio Wireless/Cricket, Leaco, Pine Belt Wireless, T¬Mobile/MetroPCS, U.S. Cellular, Appalachian Wireless, Chat Mobility USA, GCI Communications Corp, Nex¬Tech Wireless, Duet IP (Maximum Communications New Core Wireless), Northwest Missourri Cellular Limited, Revol Wireless USA, Thumb Cellular, West Central Wireless (5 Star Wireless), SouthernLinc, CableVision, Atlantic Tele¬Network International (ATN), Verizon Wireless, Carolina West Wireless (CWW), Bluegrass Cellular, Coral Wireless (Mobi PCS), Golden State Cellular, MTA Communications, Inland Cellular Telephone Company, Peoples Wireless, SI Wireless/Mobile Nation, United Wireless, Sagebrush Cellular (Nemont), Bandwidth, Buffalo Wireless. T-Mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
13. Product Availability; Information.
Product availability through the Service is not guaranteed as certain products may be low in stock or discontinued. If products are not available by the time your order processes, we will notify you of this via e-mail. You can always verify availability with our customer service representatives by completing the form available on the "Contact Us" page of the "Help" section of
www.davidsbridal.com/about-us/contact
, or by sending an e-mail to us at
customerservice@dbi.com
.
Products displayed at the Service may be available in selected David's Bridal stores in the United States, but may not be available in your area. The prices displayed at the Service are quoted in U.S. dollars, unless otherwise indicated and are subject to change. We have tried to accurately display the colors of products, but the actual colors you see will depend on your monitor and may not be accurate. In addition, product specific Content may contain errors or omissions or may be out of date. Product specific Content is provided for informational purposes only and is not binding on David's Bridal in any way except to the extent it is specifically indicated to be so.
14. Miscellaneous.
Advertisements from David's Bridal, Providers or other third parties may, from time to time, appear within, adjacent to, or as a part of the Service. The revenue from advertisements allows David's Bridal to provide you with Content and parts of the Service without charge to you. The advertisements may be targeted to the information stored in the Service, your search requests, or other information. In exchange for your license to access and use the Service, you agree that advertising is, and will continue to be, a part of the Service. We have no control over, and we are not responsible or liable for, such third party advertising.
These Terms constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede all previous written or oral agreements between the parties with respect to such subject matter. No waiver by David's Bridal of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default. If any provision of these Terms is found to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severed from the Terms and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any other provisions of the Terms. The headings and captions in these Terms are intended for convenience only and shall in no way affect the interpretation of the Terms. You may not assign your rights or delegate your duties under these Terms. David's Bridal and its Providers shall not be liable for any nonperformance or delay in performance caused by any unforeseen act or event beyond their control such as a strike, blockade, war, act of terrorism, riot, natural disaster, failure or reduction of power or telecommunications or data networks or services, or government act. Each of our affiliates and each Provider is a third-party beneficiary of, and will have the right to enforce, the Terms against you.
Your use of the Service will be deemed to be your consent to receive electronic communications from us, whether addressed to the e-mail address associated with your account or posted at the Service. You acknowledge and agree that any communication by e-mail or by posting at the Service satisfies any legal requirement that such communications be made in writing.
You may not ship, transfer, export into any country, or use in any manner prohibited by the United States Export Administration Act or any other applicable law (collectively the "Export Laws"), our mobile applications and any software that may be downloaded from the Service. In addition, if all or any part of the Service is identified as an export controlled item under the Export Laws, you represent to us that you are not a national of, resident in or otherwise located within, an embargoed nation, and that you are not otherwise prohibited under the Export Laws from visiting or using the Service.
Access to or use of the Service shall not be construed as the purposeful availment by David's Bridal or its Providers of the privilege or benefits of doing business in any state or legal jurisdiction other than the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. These Terms, and any disputes of any kind between you and David's Bridal or its Providers, shall be governed by, construed and resolved in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without regard to conflicts of law provisions. Sole and exclusive jurisdiction for any action or proceeding arising out of, or related to, the Terms, use of the Service, or any orders placed or products purchased through the Service, shall be in the state or federal courts located in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania. If we take any action to enforce the Terms, then we will be entitled to recover from you, and you agree to pay, all reasonable attorneys' fees and costs of litigation we incur, in addition to any other relief, at law or in equity, to which we may be entitled.
User Reviews, Comments and Submissions
David’s Bridal welcomes your reviews, comments, and other communications, photos, videos, or any other content that you submit through or to the Site, or any content or information you publish through any social media and allow David’s Bridal to feature, such as your name, social media handle, accompanying text, and any images, videos, or audio from your social media accounts (e.g. Twitter™, Instagram™, Pinterest™) (collectively, "User Content") as long as the User Content submitted by you complies with these Terms. User Content will not include any photographs or images you submit as part of a Transaction (as defined below). You agree that any User Content: will be accurate; will not violate or facilitate the violation of any law or regulation; will not violate any right of a third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or publicity rights; will not cause injury to any person or entity; and will not contain, or provide links to, obscene, profane, or threatening language, malware, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, any form of "spam" or any material that could be considered harmful, sexually explicit, indecent, lewd, violent, abusive, or degrading. You are solely responsible for the User Content you submit, and David’s Bridal assumes no liability for any User Content submitted by you. You acknowledge and agree that we reserve the right (but have no obligation) to do any or all of the following, in our sole discretion: (i) monitor User Content; (ii) alter, remove, or refuse to post or allow to be posted any User Content; and/or (iii) disclose any User Content, and the circumstances surrounding its transmission, to any third party. For any User Content you submit, you grant to David’s Bridal a non-exclusive, sub-licensable, fully paid-up, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable right and license to use, display, perform, transmit, copy, modify, delete, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, sell and distribute such User Content and to incorporate the User Content into any form, medium, or technology, now known or hereafter developed, throughout the world, all without compensation to you. For this reason, do not send us any User Content that you do not wish to license to us, including any confidential information or any original creative materials such as stories, product ideas, computer code or original artwork. In addition, you grant to David’s Bridal the right to include the name provided along with the User Content submitted by you; provided, however, David’s Bridal shall have no obligation to include such name with such User Content. We are not responsible for the use or disclosure of any personal information that you voluntarily disclose in connection with any User Content you submit. You represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary for you to grant the licenses granted in this section, including but not limited to permission from or on behalf of any individuals that appear in the User Content to use, and grant to third parties such as David’s Bridal the right to use, their name, image, voice and/or likeness without compensation to you or any other person or entity. You further irrevocably waive any &quot;moral rights&quot; or other rights with respect to attribution of authorship or integrity of materials regarding User Content that you may have under any applicable law under any legal theory.
Content is also provided by third party visitors to the Site. Please note that Site visitors may post content that is inaccurate, misleading, or deceptive. David’s Bridal neither endorses nor is responsible for any opinion, advice, information, or statements made by third parties. The opinions expressed by third parties reflect solely the opinions of the individuals who submitted such opinions and may not reflect the opinions of David’s Bridal.
Advertisements from David's Bridal, Providers or other third parties may, from time to time, appear within, adjacent to, or as a part of the Service. The revenue from advertisements allows David's Bridal to provide you with Content and parts of the Service without charge to you. The advertisements may be targeted to the information stored in the Service, your search requests, or other information. In exchange for your license to access and use the Service, you agree that advertising is, and will continue to be, a part of the Service. We have no control over, and we are not responsible or liable for, such third party advertising.
Severability, Survival and Waiver
If any portion of the Terms of Service are found to be unenforceable or unlawful for any reason, (1) the unenforceable or unlawful provision shall be severed; (2) severance of the unenforceable or unlawful provision shall have no impact whatsoever on the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement or the parties’ ability to compel arbitration of any remaining claims on an individual basis pursuant to the Arbitration Agreement; and (3) to the extent that any claims must therefore proceed on a class, collective, consolidated, or representative basis, such claims must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not in arbitration, and the parties agree that litigation of those claims shall be stayed pending the outcome of any individual claims in arbitration.
The failure of David’s Bridal to assert a right under these Terms or insist upon compliance with any term or condition of these terms shall not constitute a waiver of that right or excuse a similar subsequent failure to perform any such term or condition by You.
Jurisdictional Issues
The Site is controlled and operated by David’s Bridal from the United States, and is not intended to subject David’s Bridal to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. David’s Bridal does not represent or warrant that the Site or any part thereof is appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction other than the United States. In choosing to access the Site, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk, and you are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. We may limit the Site’s availability, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction we choose, at any time and in our sole discretion.
You agree that any dispute or proceeding relating to your interactions with David’s Bridal, Inc. shall be limited to the dispute between us and you individually, and no proceeding shall be joined with any other; (ii) there is no right or authority for any dispute to be resolved on a class action-basis or to utilize class action procedures; and (iii) there is no right or authority for any dispute to be brought in a purported representative capacity on behalf of the general public or any other persons. YOU AGREE THAT YOU MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST US ONLY IN YOUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
15. Pearl Report.
If you have signed up to receive David’s Bridal, Inc.’s Pearl Report, you agree to the following terms and conditions:
A.    You agree that the Pearl Report and any surveys or questionnaires of which you may be a part are the confidential and proprietary information of David’s Bridal, Inc., and you will not share the Pearl Report, the surveys, questionnaires or the information contained therein with any party without David Bridal's express prior written consent.
B.    You agree to participate in the surveys and questionnaires which are sent to you by virtue of signing up to receive the Pearl Report.  You agree that you have no ownership or other interest in your responses to the surveys or questionnaires and that David’s may use the responses in any manner it sees fit, including publishing the same.  To the extent you are determined to have retained any interest in your responses you assign to David’s Bridal, Inc. all worldwide right, title and interest thereto in and to your responses to the surveys and/or questionnaires, including all intellectual property rights therein, without any requirement of consideration.
C.    YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOUR USE OF THE PEARL REPORT ARE AT YOUR OWN RISK AND THAT, DAVID’S MAKES NO OTHER REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT DAVID’S MAKES NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION WHATSOEVER REGARDING (i) THE ACCURACY OF ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE PEARL REPORT, (ii) ANY SPECIFIC RESULTS TO BE ACHIEVED FROM THE USE OF ALL OR ANY PORTION OF THE PEARL REPORT, OR (iii) ANY INFORMATION (REGARDLESS OF HOW PROVIDED), SERVICES OR PRODUCTS OF CUSTOMERS OR OTHER UNRELATED 3rd PARTIES, PROVIDED OR AVAILABLE THROUGH OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE PEARL REPORT. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, DAVID’S HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, VERBAL OR WRITTEN, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER ARISING UNDER THE PROVISION OF THE PERAL REPORT OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARISING FROM USAGE OF TRADE, COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE.
D.    You agree that David’s is under no obligation to provide the Pearl Report at any regular interval or at all. David’s may cease to provide the Pearl Report or may require additional conditions for disclosure of the same, at any time and in David’s sole discretion.
16. Agreement To Arbitrate & Waiver of Certain Rights.
Please read this section carefully. Except as the Terms otherwise provide, you waive your rights to try any claim in court before a judge or jury and to bring or participate in any class, collective, or other representative action.
Agreement to Binding Arbitration
Before initiating arbitration, you acknowledge and agree that you will first give us an opportunity to resolve your problem or dispute. This includes sending a written description of your problem or dispute to Us including, but not limited to, information or representations related to our products and upon which you rely. You may seek to resolve any customer concerns through our Support services at 1-844-400-3222 or send the written description by U.S. Mail to 630 Allendale Road, Suite 250, King of Prussia, PA 19406; Attn: General Counsel. You agree to negotiate with Us in good faith about your problem or dispute. If for some reason your problem or dispute is not resolved to your satisfaction within 30 days after our receipt of your written dispute, You agree to the dispute resolution provisions below.
By agreeing to the Terms, You agree that You are required to resolve any claim that You may have against the Site on an individual basis in arbitration, as set forth in Section X herein. You and the Site agree that any disputes between us (including any disputes between you and a third-party agent of David’s Bridal) will be resolved through binding and final arbitration and not in a court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify. This includes, but is not limited to, any dispute, claims, or controversy arising out of or relating to any part of the Terms, or the existence, breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof; or (b) your access to or use of the Site’s services or products at any time. Such dispute shall be submitted to the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) for individual arbitration in the county of your billing address (or such other location as You and the Site mutually agree) and shall be before one arbitrator. The arbitration shall be administered by the AAA pursuant to its Consumer Arbitration Rules and Procedures, only as modified by this agreement.
The parties agree that the arbitrator (“Arbitrator”), and not any federal, state, or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve any disputes relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, or formation of this Arbitration Agreement, including any claim that all or any part of this Arbitration Agreement is void or voidable. The Arbitrator shall also be responsible for determining all threshold arbitrability issues, including issues relating to whether the Terms are unconscionable or illusory and any defense to arbitration, including waiver, delay, laches, or estoppel.
By agreeing to individual arbitration, you understand and agree that you are waiving your right to maintain other available resolution processes, such as a court action or administrative proceeding, to settle any disputes or claims. The rules in arbitration are different. There is no judge or jury. Although review is limited, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as would be available in court, and must enforce the same limitations stated in these Terms as a court would.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may bring an individual action in small claims court and the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation, or violation of a party’s copyright rights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents or other intellectual property rights.
No Class Action
You and the Site each agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated, or representative action. This means that you and the Site agree to arbitrate in our individual capacities only, not as a representative of a class, a member of a class, or a Private Attorney General. Likewise, an arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.
Rules and Governing Law
The arbitration will be administered by the AAA in accordance with the Consumer Arbitration Rules then in effect, except as modified by this Arbitration Agreement. The AAA Rules are available at
https://www.adr.org/Rules
. The rules of the arbitral forum will govern all aspects of this arbitration, except to the extent those rules conflict with these Terms of Service.
Notwithstanding any choice of law or other provision in the Terms, the parties agree and acknowledge that this Arbitration Agreement evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce and that the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1 et seq. (“FAA”), will govern its interpretation and enforcement and proceedings pursuant thereto. It is the intent of the parties that the FAA and AAA Rules shall preempt all state laws to the fullest extent permitted by law. If the FAA and AAA Rules are found to not apply to any issue that arises under this Arbitration Agreement or the enforcement thereof, then that issue shall be resolved under the laws of the state of Pennsylvania without regard to its conflict of laws’ provisions.
Arbitration Process
You can begin the arbitration by submitting a Demand for Arbitration, which is a statement containing basic information about the dispute: (a) the names, addresses and phone numbers of the parties involved (you and David’s Bridal, in most cases); (b) a description of the dispute; (c) and a short statement of the relief you are seeking. The AAA provides a
Consumer Demand for Arbitration Form
on its website. Or you may contact the AAA at 800-778-7879.
Complete the Demand for Arbitration and make at least four (4) copies. Keep one copy for your records. Send one copy to Us by certified mail at General Counsel, Notice of Dispute, 630 Allendale Road, Suite 250, King of Prussia, PA 19406 ("Notice Address").
Send the final two copies of the Demand for Arbitration to the AAA. Please be sure to include (1) a copy of the Site’s arbitration provision (you may obtain a copy ); and (2) the appropriate AAA filing fee. We'll promptly reimburse you this amount when we receive a copy of your Demand for Arbitration if your claims are for less than $75,000. If you're unable to pay the AAA filing fee, please inform us by writing a letter to the above address and we'll arrange to pay it directly if your claims are for less than $75,000. The filing fee is currently $200, but the AAA may change the amount of the fee. You may obtain the amount of the fee by consulting the AAA's rules. Those rules may be obtained by visiting the
Consumer Arbitration Rules
on AAA's website, or by calling the AAA at 800.778.7879.
If your claim is for $10,000 or less, you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, by a telephonic hearing or by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules. If you choose to proceed either in person or by telephone, we may choose to respond only by telephone or submission. If your claim exceeds $10,000, the AAA Rules will determine whether you have a right to a hearing.
Arbitrator's Decision
Within 14 days from the conclusion of the in-person or telephone hearing or from the submission of all written evidence to the arbitrator, the arbitrator will render a written decision. Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings of fact and conclusions of law on which the award is based. Judgment on the award may be entered in any court having competent jurisdiction. This clause shall not preclude the parties from seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration from a court of competent jurisdiction. An arbitrator’s decision shall be final and binding on all parties.
Fees
For claims of $100,000 (US Dollars) or less, David’s Bridal will pay all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees (collectively, “Filing Fees”) unless the arbitrator determines that your claim is frivolous. For claims over $100,000 (US Dollars), you will be responsible for the Filing Fees. David’s Bridal waives its right to seek attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration.
Opt-Out Procedure Applicable To All Consumers
You can decline this agreement to arbitrate by emailing Us at
CopyrightAgent@DBI.com
and providing the requested information as follows: (1) Your Name; (2) the URL of the Terms of Service; (3) Your Address; (4) Your Phone Number; (5) and clear statement that you wish to opt out of this arbitration provision in the Terms. The Opt-Out Notice must be emailed no later than 30 days after the date you first accept these Terms of Service.
© 2024 David's Bridal, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
PREFERRED PARTNERS
carousel-Arrow
Opens a new window
Opens a new window
Opens a new window
Opens a new window
Opens a new window
Opens a new window
Opens a new window
Opens a new window
Opens a new window
Opens a new window
Opens a new window
Opens a new window
Opens a new window
Opens a new window
carousel-Arrow
Loading Attentive content...
Follow
Opens a new window
Opens a new window
Opens a new window
Opens a new window
Opens a new window
Opens a new window
Online Orders
Order Status
Return & Exchange Policy
Your Account
International Orders
OUR STORES
Find a Store
Make an Appointment
Help
Contact Us
Help & FAQs
Show Help Code
Text Us
HELLO to 38201
Call Us
1-844-400-3222
About
About David's Bridal
Quality & Craftsmanship
Frontline Fierce
Events
David's Style Squad
Careers
Opens a new window
For Employees
Opens a new window
Media Room
Blog
Media & Investor Relations
Rewards
Diamond Loyalty Program
*See Loyalty program
details & restrictions
, gifts tier
descriptions & disclaimers
© 2026 Davids Bridal. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy & Cookies
Terms & Conditions
California Privacy Rights
Do Not Sell My Info - CA Residents Only
Ethics/Transparency in Supply Chain
Sitemap
en/($)USD
top