DDPCShares
Most Recent Codes
DDC Slot Information
DDPC Articles
Double Down Casino Safety
DDPC Forums
Contact
Double Down Casino
DDPCShares is not endorsed or affiliated with the Double Down Facebook game, Double Down Interactive LLC, IGT or their affiliates.
Most Recent Codes
DDC Slot Information
DDPC Articles
Double Down Casino Safety
DDPC Forums
Terms of Service
DDPCshares and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these 
            web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, 
            and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local 
            laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from 
            using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are 
            protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials 
                (information or software) on DDPCshares web site for personal, 
                non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, 
                not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on DDPCshares web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by DDPCshares at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on DDPCshares web site are provided "as is". DDPCshares makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, DDPCshares does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall DDPCshares or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on DDPCshares Internet site, even if DDPCshares or a DDPCshares authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on DDPCshares web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. DDPCshares does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. DDPCshares may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. DDPCshares does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
DDPCshares has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by DDPCshares of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
DDPCshares may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to DDPCshares web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy:
DDPCshares Privacy Policy
Additional Information
Thank you for choosing DDPCshares.com as your go-to place for all things Double Down Casino. To keep our environment positive, peaceful, and friendly, we have a few community guidelines we ask our community members to follow. Failure to adhere to these rules may get your posting privileges revoked both here and on our Facebook page.
This site was created to develop a safe, scam-free, and positive environment where we can share all things Double Down Casino. If you cannot flourish in this type of environment, maybe this place is not for you. We will not tolerate any slander or libel against Double Down Casino or their affiliates. You will be banned without notice.
DDPCshares.com Official Facebook Page:
https://www.facebook.com/DDPCsharesonline
We are not Double Down Casino:
https://ddpcshares.com/forum/viewtopic.php?t=28
DDPCshares.com Forums:
https://www.ddpcshares.com/forum/
Helpful information on Double Down Casino:
https://www.ddpcshares.com/double_down_casino_helpful_information
Community Guidelines:
https://www.ddpcshares.com/forum/viewforum.php?f=16
Contact Double Down Casino directly:
https://www.ddpcshares.com/contact_double_down
Most Recent Codes
DDC Slot Information
DDPC Articles
Double Down Casino Safety
DDPC Forums
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
DDPCShares is not endorsed or affiliated with the Double Down Facebook game, Double Down Interactive LLC, IGT or their affiliates.
Copyright @ DDPCshares 2013-2024.
All rights reserved.