Privacy Policy
Last updated: April 27, 2023

It is Deku Deals’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to https://www.dekudeals.com (hereinafter, "us", "we", or "https://www.dekudeals.com"). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.

Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Deku Deals collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Deku Deals’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Deku Deals’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Deku Deals may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.

Deku Deals also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://www.dekudeals.com blog posts. Deku Deals only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.

Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Deku Deals’s websites choose to interact with Deku Deals in ways that require Deku Deals to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Deku Deals gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for an account at https://www.dekudeals.com to provide an email address.

Advertisements
Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Deku Deals and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.

We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.

Aggregated Statistics
Deku Deals may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Deku Deals may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Deku Deals does not disclose your personally-identifying information.

Affiliate Disclosure
This site uses affiliate links and does earn a commission from certain links. This does not affect your purchases or the price you may pay.

Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, Deku Deals uses "Cookies", similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Deku Deals uses cookies to help Deku Deals identify and track visitors, their usage of https://www.dekudeals.com, and their website access preferences. Deku Deals visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Deku Deals’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Deku Deals’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Deku Deals's use of cookies.

Business Transfers
If Deku Deals, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Deku Deals goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Deku Deals may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.

Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Deku Deals may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Deku Deals’s sole discretion. Deku Deals encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.