Read Manga At Mangademon
Enter Your Search Query...
HOME
LATEST UPDATES
Game
NEW TITLES
OUR TRANSLATIONS
ADVANCED SEARCH
BOOKMARKS
COMMENTS
Sign in
Register
DISCORD
Terms
Remove Ads
If your no-ads sub doesn't get activated in 24 hours, contact us here
[email protected]
or contact slayer in our discord server
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
These terms and conditions ("Terms", "Agreement") are an agreement between Website Operator ("Website Operator", "us", "we" or "our") and you ("User", "you" or "your"). This Agreement sets forth the general terms and conditions of your use of the https://ciorti.online website and any of its products or services (collectively, "Website" or "Services").
Backups
We are not responsible for Content residing on the Website. In no event shall we be held liable for any loss of any Content. It is your sole responsibility to maintain appropriate backup of your Content. Notwithstanding the foregoing, on some occasions and in certain circumstances, with absolutely no obligation, we may be able to restore some or all of your data that has been deleted as of a certain date and time ciorti we may have backed up data for our own purposes. We make no guarantee that the data you need will be available.

Advertisements
During use of the Website, you may enter into correspondence with or participate in promotions of advertisers or sponsors showing their goods or services through the Website. Any such activity, and any terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such activity, is solely between you and the applicable third-party. We shall have no liability, obligation or responsibility for any such correspondence, purchase or promotion between you and any such third-party.

Prohibited uses
In addition to other terms as set forth in the Agreement, you are prohibited from using the Website or its Content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Servi