Terms of Service | DesignFiles
Terms of Service
Last Updated: January 31, 2019
By using the DesignFiles website ("DesignFiles, we, us, website, service"), you are agreeing to be bound by the following terms and conditions ("Terms of Service").
DesignFiles is a product of Olioboard.com Interactive Inc. ("Company") which reserves the right to update and change these Terms of Service without notice.
Violation of any of the terms below may result in the termination of your account.
Account terms
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and password. The Company cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage from your failure to comply with this security obligation.
You are responsible for all content posted and activity that occurs under your account (even when content is posted by others who have their own logins under your account).
You may not use the Service for any illegal purpose or to violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).
You must provide your legal full name, a valid email address, and any other information requested in order to complete the signup process.
Your login may only be used by one person – a single login shared by multiple people is not permitted. You may create separate logins for as many people as you'd like.
You must be a human. Accounts registered by "bots" or other automated methods are not permitted.
Payment, refunds, upgrading and downgrading terms
The Service is offered with a free trial which includes one client project. If you need more than one client project, you will only be able to continue using the Service by upgrading your account to a subscription based plan. If you fail to pay for your subscription, your account will be frozen and inaccessible until payment is made.
Any upgrade or downgrade in plan level, will result in the new rate being charged at the next billing cycle. Prorating will occur for downgrades in between billing cycles.
Downgrading your Service may cause the loss of features or capacity of your account. The Company does not accept any liability for such loss.
All fees are exclusive of all taxes, levies, or duties imposed by taxing authorities, and you shall be responsible for payment of all such taxes, levies, or duties. Where required, The Company will collect those taxes on behalf of taxing authority and remit those taxes to taxing authorities.
Refunds are processed according to our fair refund policy.
Examples of full refunds we'd grant
If you were just charged for your next month of Designfiles, but you meant to cancel, we're happy to refund that extra charge.
If you forgot to cancel DesignFiles a couple months ago, and you haven't used DesignFiles since then, we'll give you a full refund for a few back months. No problem.
If you tried DesignFiles for a couple months, and you just weren't happy with it, you can have your money back.
Examples of partial refunds or credits we'd grant
If you forgot to cancel DesignFiles a year ago, and there's been activity on your account since then, we'll review your account usage and figure out a partial refund based on how many months you used it.
If you upgraded your account a few months ago to a higher plan, but you didn't end up using the extra features, projects, or storage space, although you did keep using DesignFiles in general, we'd consider applying a prorated credit towards future months.
If we had extended downtime (multiple hours in a day, or multiple days in a month) or you emailed customer service and it took multiple days to get back to you, we'd issue a partial credit to your account.
BY VIEWING, VISITING AND USING THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING ALL CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DESIGNFILES.CO DOMAIN NAME, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ASSENT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS (the "Terms of Service") AND THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF DESIGNFILE'S PRIVACY POLICY WHICH ARE MADE PART OF THE TERMS OF SERVICE BY REFERENCE. Additionally, by using the Website, you acknowledge and agree that Internet transmissions are never completely private or secure. You understand that any message or information you send to the Website may be read or intercepted by others, even if there is a special notice that a particular transmission is encrypted.
If you do not agree to any of these terms, then please do not use the DesignFiles Website.
Cancellation and termination
There are no yearly contracts with DesignFiles. All plans are based on a monthly subscription fee. You can cancel, downgrade or upgrade at anytime. Please
contact us
if you need any assistance. Any request for cancellation must be sent three (3) days prior to the end of the Subscription term to allow for adequate processing time.
Your non-termination or continued use of the service reaffirms that we are authorized to charge your payment method the fees for continued use of the Service.
If you terminate a paid plan, you will be downgraded to the "Free" plan level at the time of your termination; your paid subscription will not be renewed.
The Company, in its sole discretion, has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service for any reason at any time. Such termination of the Service will result in the deactivation or deletion of your Account or your access to your Account, and the forfeiture and relinquishment of all content in your account. The Company reserves the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
Modifications to the service and prices
The Company reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any part of the Service with or without notice.
Prices of all Services are subject to change upon 30 days notice from us. Such notice may be provided at any time by posting the changes to the DesignFiles site or the Service itself.
The Company shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
Copyright and content ownership
All content posted on the Service must comply with U.S. copyright law.
We claim no intellectual property rights over the material you provide to the Service. All materials uploaded remain yours.
The Company does not pre-screen content, but reserves the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to refuse or remove any content that is available via the Service.
The look and feel of the Service is copyright© Olioboard.com Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. You may not duplicate, copy, or reuse any portion of the HTML, CSS, JavaScript, or visual design elements without express written permission from the Company.
General conditions
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis.
Technical support is provided via email and live chat.
You understand that the Company uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run the Service.
You must not modify, adapt or hack the Service.
You must not modify another website so as to falsely imply that it is associated with the Service or the Company.
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service without the express written permission by the Company.
We may, but have no obligation to, remove content and accounts that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful or violates any party's intellectual property or these Terms of Service.
The products found in the main product library may include affiliate links. If you use these products in your designs and your client clicks the shop buttons to purchase the items, DesignFiles may earn a small commission at no extra cost to you or your client. If you have joined an affiliate program for any of the vendors found in our main product library you can edit the product details to include your own affiliate link which means you would earn the commission for any sales that occur through your designs.
Verbal, physical, written or other abuse (including threats of abuse or retribution) of any Service customer, Company employee or officer will result in immediate account termination.
You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Service, including your content, may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
We reserve the right to temporarily disable your account if your usage significantly exceeds the average usage of other Service customers. Of course, we'll reach out to the account owner before taking any action except in rare cases where the level of use may negatively impact the performance of the Service for other customers.
The Company does not warrant that (i) the service will meet your specific requirements, (ii) the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, (iii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable, (iv) the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you through the service will meet your expectations, and (v) any errors in the Service will be corrected.
You expressly understand and agree that the Company shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if the Company has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use the service; (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the service; (iii) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; (iv) statements or conduct of any third party on the service; (v) or any other matter relating to the service.
The failure of the Company to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. The Terms of Service constitutes the entire agreement between you and the Company and govern your use of the Service, superceding any prior agreements between you and the Company (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service).
If you have questions about the Terms of Service
contact us here
.
Any new features that augment or enhance the current Service, including the release of new tools and resources, shall be subject to the Terms of Service. Continued use of the Service after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.
Plans & Pricing
How-to Videos
Press Kit
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Security