Terms and Conditions - Dexerto
Terms and Conditions
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
PLEASE READ THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE WEBSITE
INTERPRETATION
The following definitions and rules of interpretation apply to these Terms and Conditions:
Content
: any text, graphics, images, audio, video, software, data compilations, page layout, underlying code and software and any other form of information capable of being stored in a computer that appears on or forms part of this Website, including any such content uploaded by Users.
The Website:
https://www.dexerto.com/
User/Users:
any third party that accesses the Website and is not either:
employed by us and acting in the course of their employment; or
engaged as a consultant or otherwise providing services to us and accessing the Website in connection with the provision of such services.
We, us, our:
Dexerto Limited.
INTRODUCTION
These terms and conditions set out the rules for using the Website.** **
These terms and conditions apply between you, the User of the Website (including any sub-domains, unless expressly excluded by their own terms and conditions), and us, the owner and operator of this Website.
WHO WE ARE AND HOW TO CONTACT US
We are a company incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 08611030 and our registered address is 3rd floor, 86-90 Paul St, London EC2A 4NE. We operate the Website dexerto.com. The registered VAT number is GB209716600. You can contact us by email on website@dexerto.com.
BY USING THE WEBSITE YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS 3. By using the Website, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them. Your agreement to comply with and be bound by these terms and conditions is deemed to occur upon your first use of the Website. 4. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms and conditions, you must stop using the Website immediately.
THERE ARE OTHER TERMS THAT MAY APPLY TO YOU 5. Use of the Website is also governed by our Privacy Policy, Acceptable Use Policy and Cookie Policy, which also govern and apply to your use of the Website: 1. Our Privacy Policy:
https://www.dexerto.com/privacy-policy/
2. Our Acceptable Use Policy: https://www.dexerto.com/acceptable-use-policy/ 3. Our Cookie Policy:
https://www.dexerto.com/cookies-policy/
WE MAY MAKE CHANGES TO THE WEBSITE AND TO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS 6. We reserve the right to alter, suspend or discontinue any part (or the whole of) the Website including, but not limited to, any products and/or services available. These terms and conditions shall continue to apply to any modified version of the Website unless it is expressly stated otherwise. 7. These terms and conditions may be varied by us from time to time. Such revised terms will apply to the Website from the date of publication. Users should check the terms and conditions regularly to ensure familiarity with the current version.
REGISTRATION AND CANCELLATION 8. You must ensure that the details provided by you on registration or at any time are correct and complete. 9. You must inform us immediately of any changes to the information that you provide when registering by updating your personal details to ensure we can communicate with you effectively. 10. We may suspend or cancel your registration with immediate effect for any reasonable purposes or if you breach these terms and conditions. 11. You may cancel your registration at any time by informing us in writing to the address at the end of these terms and conditions. If you do so, you must immediately stop using the Website. Cancellation or suspension of your registration does not affect any statutory rights.
PROHIBITED USE 12. We recommend that you review our
Acceptable Use Policy
, which outlines the content standards that apply when you upload content to the Website, make contact with Users on the Website, link to the Website or interact with the Website in any other way. 13. In summary you may not use the Website for any of the following purposes: 4. in any way which causes, or may cause, damage to the Website or interferes with any other person’s use or enjoyment of the Website; 5. in any way which is harmful, unlawful, illegal, abusive, harassing, threatening or otherwise objectionable or in breach of any applicable law, regulation, governmental order; 6. to make, transmit or store electronic copies of Content protected by copyright without the permission of the owner.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND ACCEPTABLE USE 14. We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights on the Website and in the material published on it. All Content included on the Website, unless uploaded by Users, is our property or that of our licensors or other relevant third parties. 15. By continuing to use the Website, you acknowledge and agree that such Content is protected by copyright, trademarks, database rights and other intellectual property rights. All such rights are reserved. 16. Nothing on the Website shall be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark, logo or service mark displayed on the Website without the owner’s prior written permission. 17. You must not use any part of the Content on the Website for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors. You may, for your own personal, non-commercial use only, do the following: 7. retrieve, display and view the Content on a computer screen; 8. download and store the Content in electronic form on a disk (but not on any server or other storage device connected to a network); and 9. print one copy of the Content. 18. You must not otherwise reproduce, modify, copy, distribute or use for commercial purposes any Content without our prior written permission. Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged, except where the content is user-generated. If you print off, copy or download any part of the Website in breach of these terms of use, your right to use the Website will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES 19. The Website may contain links to other sites. Unless expressly stated, these sites are not under the control of us or our affiliates. 20. We assume no responsibility for the content of such Websites and disclaim liability for any and all forms of loss or damage arising out of the use of them. 21. The inclusion of a link to another site on this Website does not imply any endorsement of the sites themselves or of those in control of them.
AVAILABILITY OF THE WEBSITE 22. The majority of the Website is made available free of charge. Therefore, we do not guarantee that the Website, or any Content on it, will always be available or uninterrupted. 23. We may withdraw, suspend or restrict the availability of all or any part of the Website for business or operational issues. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal. We accept no liability for any disruption or non-availability of the Website. 24. Any online facilities, tools, services or information that we make available through the Website (the Service) is provided “as is” and on an “as available” basis. We give no warranty that the Service will be free of defects and/or faults. To the maximum extent permitted by the law, we provide no warranties (express or implied) of fitness for any particular purpose, accuracy of information, compatibility and satisfactory quality. We are under no obligation to update information on the Website.
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR VIRUSES AND YOU MUST NOT INTRODUCE THEM 25. Whilst we use reasonable endeavours to ensure that the Website is secure and free of errors, viruses and other malware, we do not guarantee that the Website will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software. 26. You must not misuse the Website by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. 27. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to the Website, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to the Website. 28. You must not attack the Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. 29. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use the Website will cease immediately.
DISCLAIMERS 30. The Content on our site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely and we recommend you obtain professional or specialist advice from taking any action on the basis of the content of the Website. 31. Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on the Website, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up to date. 32. Whenever you upload content to the Website, or make contact with other users of the Website, you must comply with the content standards set out in our
Acceptable Use Policy
. By uploading content or making contact with other users, you warrant and represent that any such contribution complies with those standards and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. You will be responsible for any loss or damage suffered by us as a result of your breach of warranty. 33. The Website may include information and materials uploaded by other users of the Website. This information and these materials have not been approved or verified by us. The views expressed by other users on the Website do not represent our views.
HOW WE MAY USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will only use your personal information as detailed in our
Privacy Policy
.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 34. Nothing in these terms and conditions will: 10. limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from our or your negligence, as applicable; 11. limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or 12. limit or exclude any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law. 35. We will not be liable to you in respect of any losses arising out of events beyond our reasonable control. 36. To the maximum extent permitted by law, we accept no liability for any of the following: 13. any business losses, such as loss of profits, income, revenue, anticipated savings, business, contracts, goodwill or commercial opportunities; 14. loss or corruption of any data, database or software; 15. any special, indirect or consequential loss or damage; 16. loss or damage caused by any information on this site which you have relied on; 17. loss or damage as a result of an inability to use the Website; 18. loss or damage caused by viruses on the Website; or 19. loss or damage arising from third party websites linked to the Website. 37. Please note that we only provide the Website for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our site for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
GENERAL 38. You may not transfer any of your rights under these terms and conditions to any other person. We may transfer our rights under these terms and conditions where we reasonably believe your rights will not be affected. 39. These terms and conditions together with the Privacy Policy, Acceptable Use Policy and Cookies Policy contain the whole agreement between the parties relating to its subject matter and supersede all prior discussions, arrangements or agreements that might have taken place in relation to the terms and conditions. 40. The Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 shall not apply to these terms and conditions and no third party will have any right to enforce or rely on any provision of these terms and conditions. 41. If any court or competent authority finds that any provision of these terms and conditions (or part of any provision) is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision or part-provision will, to the extent required, be deemed to be deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of these terms and conditions will not be affected. 42. Unless otherwise agreed, no delay, act, or omission by a party in exercising any right or remedy will be deemed a waiver of that, or any other, right or remedy.
WHICH COUNTRY’S LAWS APPLY TO ANY DISPUTES? 43. If you are a consumer, please note that the terms of this policy, its subject matter and its formation are governed by English law. You and we both agree that the courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction except that if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland. 44. If you are a business, the terms of this policy, its subject matter and its formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Last updated: December 2021.
Sign up to
Dexerto
for the latest news, views & reviews
Better Reading Experience
|
Save Your Favourite Items
Sign up
© Copyright
2026
Dexerto Ltd.
All rights reserved.