Terms of Use
When this site is accessed, used, or viewed, you agree to the terms and conditions that follow. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, you should immediately cease all actions pertaining to this site.

Close all
          Open all
Privacy
The website privacy policy explains how we handle the personally identifiable information (PII) that you provide to use when you visit DHS online to browse, obtain information, or conduct a transaction. In short, we collect NO personal information (like names or addresses) when you visit DHS.gov.

Read our Website Privacy Policy
Information You Submit
If you communicate with us via email or otherwise provide information to us through this site, all information you provide to us is on a non-confidential or non-proprietary basis, without restrictions of any kind whatsoever, and all information may be disclosed, distributed, modified, reproduced and used by us in any manner we choose, without paying compensation to you. For example, and not by way of a limitation, if you submit information to us, you acknowledge that we may review it with any other governmental or non-governmental entity that we think might be helpful in our technical assessment.

Read our Comment policy
Links
This site may include links to other sites, which are provided as a convenience to you and as an additional access to the information contained therein. We are not responsible for the content of any other sites or any products or services that may be offered through other sites.

Read more on the Department linking policy
Accuracy, Completeness and Timeliness of Information on the Site
We are not responsible if information that we make available on this site is not accurate, complete or current. The materials on this site are provided for general information only, and any reliance upon the material found on this site will be at your own risk. We reserve the right to modify the contents of the site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on this site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to the site.

Read our Information Quality Standards
Read our Web Content Inventory and Publication Schedule
Intellectual Property
In general, the intellectual property of the Department of Homeland Security includes the official seal of the Department and the trademarks for which the Department claims either common law trademark rights or has applied for or received trademark registration under 15 U.S.C. §§ 1051-1129.

 

Read our Intellectual Property Policy
Read more about the use of the DHS seal
Read more about our photo, video, and audio use guidelines
Security
You are entering an Official United States Government System, which may be used only for authorized purposes. The websites for the Department of Homeland Security have been established in accordance with the Interim ISS Directive, which includes regular risk assessments and certifications. The Chief Information Officer of the Department of Homeland Security is the final authority on security requirements and controls for Homeland Security websites. Every effort is made to ensure the quality, integrity, and utility of the information on this site while ensuring privacy and security. Only authorized personnel may alter webpages. Unauthorized use of this system may result in criminal, civil, and/or administrative penalties.

Read our Internet Security Policy
Your Liability
If you cause a technical disruption of the site or the systems transmitting the site to you or others, you agree to be responsible for any and all civil and or criminal penalties, including but not limited to attorneys fees, actual and consequential damages arising from the disruption of the sites, all efforts taken to correct and restore the site, and to defend the rights of the U.S. Government.

Unauthorized Use
Unauthorized access is a violation of U.S. Law and Department of Homeland Security policy, and may result in criminal or administrative penalties. Users shall not access other users' files or system files without proper authority. Absence of access controls is not authorization for access.

Department of Homeland Security information systems and related equipment are intended for communication, transmission, processing and storage of U.S. Government information. These systems and equipment are subject to monitoring, protecting against improper or unauthorized use or access, and verifying the presence or performance of applicable security features or procedures. Such security monitoring may result in the acquisition, recording and analysis of all data being communicated, transmitted, processed or stored in this system by a user. If security monitoring reveals evidence of possible criminal activity, such evidence may be provided to law enforcement personnel. Use of this system constitutes consent to such security monitoring.

Jurisdiction
The federal laws of the United States govern the terms, conditions and use of this site, and all users irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal laws of the United States for any action to enforce these terms, conditions, and use of this site. Unauthorized access is a violation of the laws of the United States (U.S.) and the policies of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, and may result in administrative or criminal penalties. Users shall not access other users' files or system files without prior authorization. Absence of access controls is not an authorization to access or a waiver of applicable laws or Department policies.

This site has been designed to comply with the federal laws of the United States. If any materials on this site or use of this site are contrary to the law of the place where accessed and viewed, the site is not intended for access and view and shall not be used or viewed. Therefore, viewers are responsible for informing themselves of the laws of their specific jurisdiction and complying with them.

Changes to These Terms
The Department reserves the right, at its complete discretion, to change the terms, conditions and use at any time by posting revised terms, conditions and use restrictions on the site. It is the viewer's responsibility to check periodically for any changes DHS may make to these terms, conditions and use restrictions. Continued use of this site following the posting of changes to these terms, conditions and use restrictions means you accept the changes.

Thank you for visiting the site.