Company Notices & Terms of Use
Dillard's Terms of Use
IMPORTANT: THESE TERMS OF USE REQUIRE THE BINDING ARBITRATION OF MOST DISPUTES AND WAIVE CERTAIN RIGHTS TO JURY TRIALS AND CLASS ACTIONS, AS STATED IN SECTION 14, “DISPUTE RESOLUTION (INCLUDING ARBITRATION AGREEMENT; CLASS ACTION WAIVER; JURY TRIAL WAIVER)”, BELOW. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. These Terms of Use incorporate by reference the These Terms of Use incorporate by reference the Privacy Policy.

   General Terms.
This website (www.dillards.com, or the “Site”) is owned and operated by Dillard's, Inc. (“Dillard's”). Throughout the Site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Dillard's and all affiliates and subsidiaries. Dillard's offers this Site, including all information, tools, and services available from this Site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of the terms, conditions, policies, and notices stated here.

1.1   By Use, You Consent to These Terms.
By visiting or shopping on this Site, you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Use” or “Terms”). The Terms include additional terms, conditions, and policies referenced in this document or available by hyperlink. The Terms apply to all users of the Site, including users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, or contributors of content.

Please read these Terms carefully before visiting, shopping on, or otherwise using our Site or agreeing to be bound. By using any part of the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use without modification of any kind. If you do not agree to any and all of our Terms of Use as set forth below, then you may not use the Site or any Service.
This Site is intended for U.S. residents. Any deliveries requested for addresses outside the U.S. are subject to refusal by Dillard's.
The headings are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.
1.2   No Unauthorized Use.
You may not amend, copy, distribute, send, display, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products, or sources from this Site without our advance written permission. No rights or interests in any downloaded materials are transferred to you as a result of your downloading, copying, or printing any such materials

1.3   Updates to the Terms and the Site.
Dillard's reserves the right to update, delete, replace, or otherwise change all or any part of these Terms of Use by posting such changes to the Site, but we have no obligation to update any information on the Site at any time. Any modifications to this Site will also be subject to these Terms of Use. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Use at any time on this page. It is your responsibility to check this page from time to time to review the changes. Your continued use of or visit to the Site following the posting of any changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.

1.4   No Illegal Use.
You may not use this Site or our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).

1.5   Consequence of Breach.
A breach or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate termination of your access to this Site and your right to utilize the Services. We reserve the right to refuse Service to anyone for any reason at any time.

1.6   COPPA Compliance.
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) protects the online privacy and personal information of children under 13 years of age. In compliance with this act, Dillard's does not promote online to children and does not knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age through the Site without prior verifiable parental consent. Children under the age of 13 must be signed up by their parents and use a parent's email address in order to receive email updates.

  Privacy. Please review our Privacy Policy which also relates to your use of the Services, to understand our privacy practices.
  Online Store Terms.
3.1   Product Displays and Descriptions. We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of our products. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any color will be accurate. All descriptions of products are subject to change at any time without notice, in our sole discretion.
3.2   Pricing. Dillard's is committed to offering quality merchandise at fair, competitive prices. In most cases, the prices on this Site will reflect store prices. However, there may be some exceptions. Prices shown on this Site expire at midnight Central time on the date displayed for the item. Prices and sales are subject to change without notice.
3.3   Limitations and Refusals of Orders. We reserve the right from time to time to limit the sales of our merchandise or Services to any person, geographic region, or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any merchandise or services that we offer. We reserve the right to discontinue any merchandise at any time. Any offer for any merchandise or service made on this Site is void where prohibited by applicable law.
We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per credit or debit card, per household, or per order. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made.
We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers, or distributors.
   Changes to the Site.
Occasionally there may be information on our Site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to merchandise descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, merchandise shipping charges, transit times, and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).
We undertake no obligation to update, amend, or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by applicable law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service, on the Site, or on any related website, should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service, on the Site, or on any related website has been modified or updated.

  Intellectual Property.
All content of this Site, including, but not limited to, artwork, graphics, images, illustrations, photographs, text, video, audio clips, logos, and designs are the sole and exclusive intellectual property of Dillard's or third parties who have licensed the materials to us. All content is protected by copyright, trademark, trade dress, and other intellectual property laws of the United States and other countries, including without limitation laws that restrict the copy, distribution, publishing, or transmission of such content. The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of a copyrighted work is illegal and no portion of this Site may be copied, distributed, published, or transmitted without the express written consent of Dillard's.

Users of this Site may download and print materials from this site for personal, non-commercial use related to placement of an order or shopping with Dillard's, provided that any such copy must contain this notice.

All of this Site's content and supporting code are copyrighted by or licensed to Dillard's, Inc. and all rights are reserved. All content copies, either electronic or printed, are for personal use only. The content and supporting code contained herein may not be used in any other manner unless express written permission is obtained in advance.

  Third-Party Content.
Certain content, merchandise and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties. Third-party links on this Site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us, and once you click such links, you are leaving this Site. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy of information provided by these third-party sites and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or sites. We do not endorse these sites or the materials, products, or services of third-parties and hereby disclaim any warranty as to the content of any third-party site linked to this Site.

We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party sites. Please exercise caution when communicating or interacting with any such site and carefully review the third-party's terms of use before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the appropriate third-party and not Dillard's.

  Supply Chain Transparency.
For information on Dillard's efforts to eradicate slavery and human trafficking from its direct supply chains, please review our Supply Chain Transparency Policy.

  User Comments, Feedback and other Submissions.
If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or, without a request from us, you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, texts, music, sounds, photographs, graphics, video, messages, tags, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, “Comments”), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any Comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation to maintain any Comments in confidence; pay compensation for any Comments; or respond to any Comments. By submitting Comments and materials to this Site, you hereby automatically grant, or warrant that the owner of such Comments and materials has expressly granted to us a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and non-exclusive license to (a) use, modify, license, sell, reproduce, adopt, publish, translate, and distribute any or all of such Comments and materials worldwide, and (b) to incorporate such Comments and materials in other works in any form, media, or technology now or hereafter developed for the full term of any copyright that may exist in such materials without any obligation to further notify you of such use or to compensate you or any third party.

We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion is unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or that is otherwise objectionable or which content violates any party's intellectual property or these Terms of Use.

You agree that your Comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality, or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your Comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive, or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service, this Site, or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than you, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any Comments. You are solely responsible for any Comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any Comments posted by you or any third-party.

  Prohibited Uses of the Site.
In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Use, you are prohibited from using the Site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of these prohibited uses.

  Disclaimer of Warranties.
The material contained on this Site is periodically checked for accuracy and is presented without any warranties, either express or implied. Dillard's will assume no, and hereby disclaims any, responsibility for any errors or omissions of this Site's content. The material on this Site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete, or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the information on this Site is at your own risk.

You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the Service is at your sole risk. The Service and all products and service delivered to you through the Service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided 'as is' and 'as available' for your use, without any representation, warranties, or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement.

  Limitation of Liability.
In no case shall Dillard's or our directors, officers, employees, partners, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers, subcontractors or licensors (collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”) be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of or relating to the use by any person of this Site, including but not limited to direct, indirect, consequential, or punitive damages, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of the Service or any products procured using the Service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the Service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the Service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the Service, even if advised of this possibility. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. To the fullest extent permitted by law, any cause of action or claim must be commenced within one year after the claim or cause of action arises or it is waived and time-barred.

  Delay or Failure to Perform.
We will not be liable to you if we are prevented or delayed in the performance of any of our obligations to you if due to any cause beyond our reasonable control including, without limitation: an act of God, explosion, flood, fire or accident; war or civil disturbance; strike, industrial action, or stoppages of work; any form of government intervention; a third party act or omission; failure of our supplier(s); or your failure to give us a correct delivery address or notify us of any change of address

We will use reasonable efforts to inform you of any such unforeseen event within seven days of its occurrence. Should the interruption continue beyond a period of 14 days after notice to you, you will be entitled to cancel the order and a refund will be made in accordance with these Terms of Use.

  Indemnification.
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Dillard's and the other Indemnified Parties harmless from any injury, from any loss, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Use or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party.

  Dispute Resolution (Including Arbitration Agreement; Class Action Waiver; Jury Trial Waiver).
Please read this section carefully. It affects your legal rights. It provides for the resolution of most disputes through individual arbitration instead of in court. Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court, uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, and discovery is more limited. There is less discovery and appellate review in arbitration than in court. This section also contains a jury trial waiver and a waiver of any and all rights to proceed in a class, collective, private attorney general or representative action in arbitration, or litigation to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

14.1  Arbitration Agreement.
To the fullest extent permitted by the Federal Arbitration Act, any dispute or claim (whether based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other statutory or common law legal theory) arising out of or relating in any way to these Terms of Use, your visit to the Site, your use of the Service, your relationship with Dillard's, or to any purchase, return or other transaction with Dillard's (including claims relating to Dillard's advertisements and disclosures, email and mobile SMS messages sent by Dillard's, or Dillard's collection or use of your information) (“Dispute”) shall be resolved through binding arbitration, rather than in court, with only limited exceptions as set forth below. Dispute shall be interpreted broadly and includes claims that arose before the existence of these Terms of Use or claims that may arise after the termination of these Terms of Use. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either you or Dillard's: (a) may elect to have a Dispute heard in small claims court seeking individualized relief, so long as the Dispute falls within the jurisdictional limits of small claims court and that action remains in small claims court and is not removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction; or (b) may bring suit to enforce intellectual property rights exclusively in any state or federal court in the state of Arkansas, rather than through arbitration, provided you or Dillard's has a reasonable basis to believe that the other party has violated or threatened to violate the other party's intellectual property rights.

The arbitrator shall decide all issues except the following (which are for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide): (a) issues that are reserved for a court in these Terms of Use; (b) issues that relate to the scope, validity, and enforceability of the arbitration agreement, class action waiver, or any of the provisions of this Dispute Resolution section; and (c) issues that relate to the arbitrability of any Dispute. These Terms of Use and this arbitration agreement do not prevent you from bringing a Dispute to the attention of any government agency.

You and we agree that these Terms of Use evidence a transaction in interstate commerce and that this arbitration agreement will be interpreted and enforced in accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law (and not state arbitration law). There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages) only in favor of the individual party seeking relief as addressed below, and must follow the terms of these Terms of Use as a court would.

14.1(a)  Mandatory Informal Dispute Resolution Process.
Any party who intends to seek arbitration must first provide to the other party a written notice of the Dispute (“Notice”), describing the facts and circumstances of the Dispute, the claims asserted, and the specific relief sought and the calculation for it, and including any supporting documentation and information sufficient to identify any transaction at issue. If you are providing the Notice, it must be personally signed by you and mailed via certified or registered mail to Dillard's as set forth in Section 17 below. If Dillard's is providing the Notice, it will be mailed to you via certified or registered mail at your last-used billing address or the billing and/or shipping address in your online profile. You and Dillard's agree to negotiate in good faith in an effort to reach a resolution of the Dispute in connection with this mandatory informal dispute resolution process. Should the party receiving the Notice request an individualized telephone conference with the other party in an effort to facilitate a resolution, you and we agree that you and we will personally appear at this conference (with your and our counsel if represented). If the Dispute is not resolved within sixty (60) days after your or our receipt of a fully completed Notice (absent agreement of the parties to extend this period), then either party may commence arbitration.

Compliance with this informal process is a condition precedent to filing a demand for arbitration. Any applicable limitations periods (including any statutes of limitations) shall be tolled while the parties engage in this required process. A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enjoin the filing or prosecution of arbitration based on non- compliance with this condition precedent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a party will also retain the right to raise non-compliance with this process and to seek appropriate relief in arbitration.

14.1(b)  Arbitration Process.
Any arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), adr.org, 1.800.778.7879, and pursuant to the then applicable AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures (“AAA Rules”) as modified by this arbitration agreement. The AAA Rules are available at www.adr.org or by contacting them. You and we understand and agree that the AAA's administrative determination that this arbitration agreement comports with the Consumer Due Process Protocol is final and that neither a court nor an arbitrator has the authority to revisit it. If the AAA is unavailable or unwilling to administer the arbitration consistent with this arbitration agreement, the arbitration shall be administered by JAMS in accordance with the JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures and any Mass Arbitration Procedures and Guidelines applicable to the Dispute, as modified by this arbitration agreement. If JAMS is unavailable or unwilling to administer the arbitration consistent with this arbitration agreement, the parties shall agree on an administrator that will do so or jointly petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint an administrator or an arbitrator that will do so. An arbitration demand must be accompanied by a certification of compliance with the informal dispute resolution process set forth above and be personally signed by the party initiating arbitration (and counsel, if represented). By submitting an arbitration demand, the party and counsel represent that, as in court, that they are complying with the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b). The arbitrator is authorized to impose any sanctions available under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11 on represented parties and their counsel.

You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by a phone, video, or in-person hearing, or through written submissions, except any Dispute seeking $25,000 or more, or injunctive relief, shall have an in-person or video hearing unless the parties agree otherwise. You and we reserve the right to request a hearing in any matter from the arbitrator. You and a Dillard's representative will personally appear at any hearing (with counsel, if represented). Any in-person hearing will be held in the county or parish in which you reside or at another mutually agreed location. An arbitrator may award on an individual basis any relief that would be available in a court, including injunctive or declaratory relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you and we agree that each may bring claims against the other only in your or our individual capacity and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class, collective, private attorney general, or representative proceeding. Further, unless both you and we agree otherwise, an arbitrator may not preside over any form of class, collective, private attorney general, or representative proceeding. If, after exhaustion of all appeals, any of these prohibitions on non-individualized injunctive or declaratory relief and class, collective, private attorney general, or representative proceedings are found to be unenforceable with respect to a particular claim or request for relief (such as a request for public injunctive relief), then such a claim or request for relief will be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction, after all other claims and requests for relief are arbitrated.

The arbitrator shall issue a reasoned opinion in connection with the awards with the essential findings of law and fact. The cost-shifting provisions of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 68 shall apply and be enforced by the arbitrator after the issuance of an award. Judgment on any arbitration award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction, except an award that has been satisfied may not be entered. An award shall have no preclusive effect in any other arbitration or proceeding in which you are not a named party.

14.1(c)  Costs of Arbitration.
Payment of arbitration fees shall be governed by the AAA Rules and fee schedule (or the JAMS Rules and fee schedule if they are the administrator). If the arbitrator finds that a claim was frivolous or brought for an improper purpose or for the purpose of harassment, the arbitrator may award fees and expenses. In addressing this determination, the arbitrator may consider, among other things, whether a party previously offered full relief to the other party, including a refund of any applicable purchase price. You and we agree that the parties have a shared interest in reducing the costs and increasing the efficiencies associated with arbitration. Therefore, you or we may elect to engage with the arbitration administrator regarding arbitration fees, and you and we agree that the parties (and counsel, if represented) will work together in good faith to ensure that arbitration remains cost-effective for all parties.

14.1(d)  Additional Procedures Applicable to Mass Arbitrations.
You and we agree that these Additional Procedures for Mass Arbitration (in addition to the other provisions of this arbitration agreement) shall apply if you choose to participate in a Mass Arbitration. If 25 or more similar Disputes (including yours) are asserted against Dillard's by the same or coordinated counsel or are otherwise coordinated (“Mass Arbitration”), the resolution of your Dispute might be delayed and ultimately proceed in court. The parties agree that as part of these procedures, their counsel shall meet and confer in good faith in an effort to resolve the Disputes, streamline procedures, address the efficient exchange of information, modify the number of Disputes to be adjudicated, and conserve the parties' and the AAA's resources. If your claim is part of a Mass Arbitration, any applicable limitations periods (including statutes of limitations) shall be tolled for your Dispute from the time that your Dispute is first submitted to the AAA until your Dispute is selected to proceed as part of a staged process or is settled, withdrawn, otherwise resolved, or opted out of arbitration pursuant to this provision.

STAGE ONE: If at least 100 Disputes are submitted as part of the Mass Arbitration, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Dillard's shall each select 50 Disputes to be filed and to proceed as cases in individual arbitrations as part of this initial staged process. The number of Disputes to be selected to proceed in Stage One can be increased by agreement of counsel for the parties (and if there are fewer than 100 Disputes, all shall proceed individually in Stage One). Each of the 100 (or fewer) cases shall be assigned to a different arbitrator and proceed individually. If a case is withdrawn before the issuance of an arbitration award, another claim shall be selected to proceed as part of Stage One. The remaining Disputes shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed or collected in connection with those claims. After this initial set of proceedings, counsel for the parties shall participate in a global mediation session (with a retired federal or state court judge as the mediator unless the parties agree otherwise) jointly selected by counsel in an effort to resolve the remaining Disputes (as informed by the adjudications of cases in Stage One), and Dillard's shall pay the mediator's fee.

STAGE TWO: If the remaining Disputes have not been resolved at the conclusion of Stage One, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Dillard's shall each select 100 Disputes per side to be filed and to proceed as cases in individual arbitrations as part of a second staged process. The number of Disputes to be selected to proceed as part of this second staged process can be increased by agreement of counsel for the parties (and if there are fewer than 200 Disputes, all shall proceed individually in Stage Two). No more than five cases may be assigned to a single arbitrator to proceed individually. If a case is withdrawn before the issuance of an arbitration award, another claim shall be selected to proceed as part of Stage Two. The remaining Disputes shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed or collected in connection with those claims. After this second set of staged proceedings, the parties shall engage in a global mediation session of all remaining Disputes (with a retired federal or state court judge as the mediator unless the parties agree otherwise) jointly selected by counsel in an effort to resolve the remaining Disputes (as informed by the adjudications of cases in Stages One and Two), and Dillard's shall pay the mediator's fee.

Upon the completion of the mediation set forth in Stage Two, each remaining Dispute (if any) that is not settled or not withdrawn shall be opted out of arbitration and may proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with the remainder of the Terms of Use. Notwithstanding the foregoing, counsel for the parties may mutually agree in writing to proceed with the adjudication of some or all of the remaining Disputes in individual arbitrations consistent with the process set forth in Stage Two (except Disputes shall be randomly selected and mediation shall be elective by agreement of counsel) or through another mutually-agreeable process. A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce the Additional Procedures Applicable to Mass Arbitrations, including the power to enjoin the filing or prosecution of arbitrations and the assessment or collection of arbitration fees.

The Additional Procedures Application to Mass Arbitrations provision and each of its requirements are essential parts of this arbitration agreement. If, after exhaustion of all appeals, a court of competent jurisdiction decides that they apply to your Dispute and are not enforceable, then your Dispute shall not proceed in arbitration and shall only proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with the remainder of the Terms of Use.

14.1(e)  Future Changes to Arbitration Agreement.
If we make any future changes to this arbitration agreement (other than a change to our contact information), you may reject any such change by sending your personally signed, written notice to the following address within 30 days of the change:

Dillard's, Inc.

Attn: Legal Dept.

1600 Cantrell Road

Little Rock, AR 72201

Such written notice does not constitute an opt out of arbitration altogether. By rejecting any future change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any Dispute between you and Dillard's in accordance with this version of the arbitration agreement.

14.2  Class Action Waiver; Jury Trial Waiver.
You and Dillard's each agree that any proceeding, whether in arbitration or in court, will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, collective, private attorney general, or representative action. You and we agree to waive any right to bring or to participate in such an action in arbitration or in court to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties retain the right to participate in a class-wide settlement.

To the fullest extent allowable by applicable law, you and we waive the right to a jury trial.

14.3  Governing Law; Venue.
These Terms of Use and use of the Site and Services are governed by the laws of the state of Arkansas without regard to Arkansas conflict of laws rules. If the arbitration agreement is ever deemed unenforceable or void, or a dispute between the parties is not subject to arbitration, or for any attempt to enforce or challenge the arbitration agreement or any provisions of these Terms of Use, you and we irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts encompassing Pulaski County, Arkansas for purposes of any legal action and waive any objections as to personal jurisdiction or as to the laying of venue in such courts due to: (a) inconvenient forum; or (b) any other basis; or (c) any right to seek to transfer or change venue of any such action to another court.

14(d)  Survival and Modifications.

This Dispute Resolution section will survive after the Terms of Use terminate or your use of the Site ends.

  Contact. Inquiries regarding these Terms of Use may be directed to:
  Dillard's, Inc.

  Attn: Legal Dept.

  1600 Cantrell Road

  Little Rock, AR 72201

  Severability.
In the event that any provision of these Terms of Use is determined to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms of Use. Such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of these Terms.

  Termination.
The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination of these Terms of Use date shall survive the termination of these Terms of Use for all purposes. These Terms of Use are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us except as otherwise specifically provided herein. You may terminate these Terms of Use at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or when you cease using our Site, whichever occurs first.

If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Use, we also may terminate this Agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and accordingly we may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).

  Entire Agreement.
These Terms of Use, including the documents referenced herein and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this Site or in respect to the Service, contain the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of our Site and the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Use). These Terms of Use will be binding upon each party and its successors and permitted assigns. No failure or delay of any party in exercising any right, power or privilege under these Terms will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise of any other right, power or privilege hereunder. No agency, partnership, joint venture, and/or employer/employee relationship is intended or created by these Terms. Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Use shall not be construed against the drafting party

Consumer Protection Alert
We are aware of accounts on social media sites misrepresenting Dillard's by using “Dillard's” in their titles/handles/imaging//account names. They are using these infringing posts and accounts to promote various products, including designer items such as handbags and/or totes, and advertise fictitious sales of said merchandise. Some of the social media accounts appear to process orders, which may lead to confusion with customers thinking they are ordering directly from Dillard's when they are not. Additionally, these false accounts and websites may redirect customers to deceptive and malicious websites or may be used for phishing activity.

These social media accounts are not sponsored by or affiliated with Dillard's in any way. Please be sure you are on an official Dillard's social media account before ordering or providing any personal information.

If you have clicked on any links and/or provided any personal information, we recommend you take all necessary precautions to safeguard your personal and financial information. You may wish to contact a credit reporting agency or your bank.

California Transparency in Supply Chains Act
Dillard's California Transparency in Supply Chain Act Statement 2010

The following describes Dillard's, Inc.'s (“Dillard's”) efforts to eradicate slavery and human trafficking from its direct supply chains. Among other measures, Dillard's:

Engages in verification of product supply chains for products imported by Dillard's to evaluate and address risks of human trafficking and slavery. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details. Dillard's utilizes third party inspectors to ensure compliance with Dillard's Social Accountability Policy;
Conducts audits of suppliers of products imported by Dillard's to evaluate supplier compliance with company standards for trafficking and slavery in supply chains. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details;
Requires direct suppliers to certify that materials incorporated into the product comply with the laws regarding slavery and human trafficking of the country or countries in which they are doing business. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy which is applicable to import vendors. Dillard's requires all vendors, pursuant to its purchase order terms, to warrant, represent and agree that all merchandise shipped to Dillard's was manufactured and produced in full compliance with any applicable current, or later adopted, laws of the country of manufacturer governing the use of child labor, illegal forced labor, illegal prison labor or similar illegal working conditions, as well as any other applicable human rights statutes, regulations and laws;
Maintains internal accountability standards and procedures for employees or contractors failing to meet company standards regarding slavery and human trafficking for imported products. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details; and
Provides company employees and management, who have direct responsibility for import supply chain management, training on human trafficking and slavery and risks within the supply chains of products. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details.