Discovery Education Subscription Services | Terms of Use
Skip to content
Discovery Education Subscription Services: Terms of Use
Updated November 17, 2022
Grant of Rights.
Pursuant to a subscriber agreement, purchase agreement, or other similar agreement (herein, the “Agreement”) between Discovery Education, Inc. (or one of its related entities) (“Discovery Education”), or its authorized distributor, and the subscribing/purchasing entity (herein, “Subscriber”), for a subscription, license (or the equivalent) to a Discovery Education Subscription Service, including but not limited to, the services currently known as, Discovery Education Experience, Discovery Education Streaming Plus, Discovery Education Science, Discovery Education Techbook, Mystery Science (and other such services as Discovery Education may introduce from time to time), Discovery Education has granted to Subscriber, and the authorized educators, administrators and students under the Agreement (or, as otherwise defined in the Agreement, the “Users”), for the term of the applicable Agreement, a limited, non-exclusive, terminable, non-transferable license to access a Discovery Education Subscription Service (the “Website”) and any and all content included therein (the “Content”), and to download, stream, and edit the Content pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement and these Terms of Use, such grant of rights subject to Discovery Education’s rights thereto.
Discovery Education may, in its sole discretion, make changes to the Website and/or the Content, including but not limited to adding and/or removing video titles or other Content, adding closed-captioning, and implementing new encoding rates. Discovery Education respects the privacy of our users. Please take a few minutes to review our Privacy Policy.
All rights not expressly granted to Subscriber and its Users pursuant to the Agreement are reserved to Discovery Education, and all uses of the Content by Subscriber and its Users not expressly permitted hereunder are prohibited.
Permitted and Prohibited Uses.
Use for Educational, Non-Commercial Purposes Only.
Subscriber and its Users may use the Website and the Content for bona fide educational and research purposes only, and may not use them in any commercial or for-profit manner.
Discovery Education reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to limit Subscriber’s and/or any Users’ use of the Website in the event that Discovery Education, in its sole and absolute discretion, deems Subscriber’s and/or such Users’ use thereof to be inconsistent with educational and research purposes, and/or inconsistent with these Terms of Use.
Downloading of Content.
Users may download, for noncommercial instructional use, including for lesson plans, copies of (I) images and (ii) videos and video clips designated on the website as downloadable. Copies must be deleted or erased after use or expiration of the Term, whichever occurs first. Such downloading shall be for individual User convenience only, and Users may not (1) systematically download any of the Content, (2) create distribution “libraries”, or (3) transfer, sell, rent, display, or exhibit any of the Content to any third party outside of the Community (as defined in the Agreement).
Editing Content.
Users may edit videos and video clips designated on the Website as editable, solely in connection with classroom or other school-related projects. Such videos and video clips, as edited by User, as well as any work containing User-edited videos or video clips, may not contain any libelous or unlawful materials or content or any commercial advertising materials, will not infringe upon any party’s proprietary rights, including but not limited to statutory or common-law copyright, trademark and right of privacy, and may not violate any law, regulation or right of any kind whatsoever or give rise to any actionable claim or liability. Under no circumstances may a User convert the Content from digital to analog format, such as by recording a video clip onto a DVD. Violation of this Section II(c) may constitute copyright infringement.
User must maintain all copyright, trademark and proprietary notices included with, attached to or embedded all editable videos and video clips without modification, obstruction or deletion.
The Content may include certain ancillary educational materials, such as student activity sheets, blackline masters and teachers’ guides (“Ancillary Materials”). User may modify, alter and revise the Ancillary Materials to meet specific instructional needs, provided that the following statement is prominently displayed on all such revised Ancillary Materials, in addition to any other proprietary notices, and with the understanding that Discovery Education or its content provider shall continue to own the Ancillary Materials: “Revised with the permission of Discovery Education. Discovery Education and its content providers are not responsible for the content or accuracy of the revision”.
Dissemination of Content.
In the course of using any Content as permitted hereunder, Subscriber and its Users may not make the Content, or any part thereof, available to any party who is not a Subscriber or a User, except as permitted herein. Subscriber and its Users must ensure that the Content is at all times kept on a secure server, viewable only by Subscribers and/or its Users. If Subscriber wishes to use a third party to host the Content, Subscriber shall notify Discovery Education, and Discovery Education shall have the right to approve the use of such host in advance, in writing, and to approve the terms of agreement between such host and Subscriber. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Subscriber chooses to use a third party host, Discovery Education disclaims all liability to Subscriber in connection with such third party host, and Discovery Education shall have no responsibility to Subscriber to ensure that such third party host maintains its service. In addition, any Subscriber or User using the Local Host support option must use the Website, rather than a local directory, to search for and access the Content.
Prohibited Uses.
Except as expressly set forth herein, neither Subscriber nor the Users may (a) copy, reproduce, alter, modify, transmit, perform, create derivative works of, publish, sub-license, distribute, or circulate the Website, the Content, or any portion thereof; (ii) disassemble, decompile, or reverse engineer the Website or any portion thereof, or use a robot, spider, or any similar device to copy or catalog the Content or any portion thereof; (iii) take any actions, whether intentional or unintentional, that may circumvent, disable, damage or impair the Website’s or the Content’s control or security systems, nor allow or assist a third party to do so; or (iv) use the Content in a manner that disparages the Website, the Content or Discovery Education or its content providers, or in any manner that Discovery Education may, in its sole discretion, deem inappropriate.
Subscriber and the Users acknowledge and agree that the Website and the Content possess a special, unique and extraordinary character that makes difficult the assessment of the monetary damages that would be sustained as a result of unauthorized use, and that unauthorized use may cause immediate and irreparable damage to Discovery Education for which Discovery Education would not have an adequate remedy at law. Therefore, Subscriber agrees that, in the event of such unauthorized use, in addition to such other legal and equitable rights and remedies as may be available to Discovery Education, Discovery Education shall be entitled to seek injunctive and other equitable relief without the necessity of proving damages or furnishing a bond or other security.
Ownership.
As between Subscriber, the Users, and Discovery Education, the Website and the Content are the property of Discovery Education, and are protected by United States and international copyright and trademark law. By using the Website and the Content, even as permitted hereunder, neither Subscriber nor any of its Users gain any ownership interest in the Website or the Content.
Security and Use of Passwords.
Each User shall have a valid username, password, passcode, and in certain circumstances, IP authentication, for the purpose of accessing the Website and the Content (the “Log-In Information”). Subscriber and its Users must keep all Log-In Information strictly confidential, and all Log-In Information may be used only by the assigned User. Subscriber and its Users are responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of all Log-In Information, and for preventing access to the Website and/or the Content by unauthorized persons using a User’s Log-In Information. Unauthorized access to or use of the Website and/or the Content by someone using a User’s Log-In information may be attributed to such User. Subscriber acknowledges that Discovery Education may require access to Subscriber’s systems in order to perform single sign-on integration services to facilitate User access to the Website and Content. Subscriber hereby grants to Discovery Education a limited license to access such systems.
Citations.
User must include citation information, including Discovery Education or the applicable content provider (if identified) as the source, for all portions of the Content used in any end product.
Communications from Discovery Education.
Discovery Education may periodically contact Users for customer service purposes. By accessing the Website and the Content, Users consent to receive such communications. Subscriber shall promptly provide Discovery Education with any and all information regarding its Users and/or use of the Website and the Content by its Users that Discovery Education reasonably requests. Subscriber agrees that Discovery Education may reference its business relationship with Subscriber in its marketing, press releases or sales materials.
Changes to Terms of Use.
Discovery Education reserves the right to change these Terms of Use from time to time. Such changes will become effective when Discovery Education posts the revised Terms of Use on the Website. Users should check the Terms of Use from time to time, as they are bound by the Terms of Use posted on the Website at the time of access. Any revised Terms of Use shall supersede all previous versions.
Termination of the Agreement; Effect of Termination or Expiration
In the event that Subscriber breaches any term of the Agreement, or Subscriber and/or any of its Users breach these Terms of Use, and such breach is not cured within 10 days after receipt of notice thereof from Discovery Education, Discovery Education may terminate the Agreement in whole or in part immediately upon written notice to Subscriber. Notwithstanding the foregoing, there shall be no cure period for any Event of Default that is not curable.
Upon expiration or prior termination of the Agreement, all rights granted herein shall revert to Discovery Education; all access to and use of the Website and the Content by Users must cease; all materials downloaded from the Website must be erased, deleted, or destroyed.
No Warranties, Limitation of Liability.
THE WEBSITE AND THE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED AS IS, AND ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, PAST OR PRESENT, WHETHER STATUTORY, COMMON-LAW OR FROM A COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, SECURITY AND, EXCEPT AS MAY BE OTHERWISE STATED IN THESE TERMS OF USE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. DISCOVERY EDUCATION DOES NOT GUARANTEE OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR ACCURACY OF THE WEBSITE OR THE CONTENT. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY DISCOVERY EDUCATION OR ITS EMPLOYEES SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY OR IN ANY WAY INCREASE THE SCOPE OF DISCOVERY EDUCATION’S OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, AND SUBSCRIBER MAY NOT RELY ON ANY SUCH INFORMATION OR ADVICE. IN NO EVENT SHALL DISCOVERY EDUCATION BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST DATA, LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, REPLACEMENT SERVICE OR OTHER SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED AND REGARDLESS OF THEORY OF LIABILITY.
Release.
To the extent permitted by law, Subscriber and its Users release and waive all claims against Discovery Education, its parent, subsidiaries, affiliated companies, agents or content providers, subcontractors, and the directors, trustees, officers, shareholders, employees, agents and representatives of each of the foregoing, from any and all claims, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses arising out of User’s use of the Website and the Content. California residents waive any rights they may have under Sec.1542 of the California Civil Code, which reads: “A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor.” Subscriber and its Users agree to release unknown claims and waive all available rights under California Civil Code Sec. 1542 or under any other statute or common law principle of similar effect.
Representations/Indemnity.
Subscriber represents and warrants that (I) it has full power and authority to enter into the Agreement, and to agree to all the terms and conditions contained therein and in these Terms of Use, and has received all parental and other permissions required to permit Discovery Education to obtain and retain information (including personal information) from Users; (ii) only Subscriber or its Users shall access the Website and the Content; (iii) Subscriber and its Users will at all times use the Website and the Content only as expressly permitted by the Agreement and these Terms of Use; (iv) in the event that Subscriber requests that Discovery Education customize the Website interface with Subscriber’s trade name, trademarks or logos, and/or digitize and/or encode and/or host any of Subscriber’s content on the Content and/or the Website, Subscriber has the right to so use and exploit any and all such trade names, trademarks, logos and content, including without limitation any and all underlying elements (the “Subscriber IP”), and (v) the Subscriber IP, any content, materials, and/or information contributed by Users, and any revisions to the Content by Users does not and will not contain any libelous, unlawful or infringing materials or content, will not infringe upon any party’s proprietary rights, including without limitation statutory or common-law copyright, trademark and right of privacy, and will not violate any law, regulation or right of any kind whatsoever or give rise to any actionable claim or liability.
To the extent permitted by law, Subscriber and its Users shall defend, indemnify and hold Discovery Education, its parent, subsidiaries, affiliated companies, agents or content providers, subcontractors, and the directors, officers, shareholders, employees, agents and representatives of each of the foregoing, harmless against and from any and all claims, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses arising out of any violation by Subscriber and/or its Users of these Terms of Use, any downloading of the Content, any modification or edit made to any portion of the Content, and the use of any portion of the Content with products or services not supplied by Discovery Education.
All representations, warranties, and indemnities shall survive the expiration or prior termination of the Agreement.
Reporting Infringement.
By accessing and/or using the Website and the Content, Users agree to report to Discovery Education all claims or suspected claims of copyright or other infringement of Discovery Education’s intellectual property or other proprietary rights. Claims of infringement should be directed to Legal Department, Discovery Education, 4350 Congress Street, Suite 700, Charlotte, NC 28209.
If you believe that any information on the Website infringes on your copyright, you should notify Discovery Education of your claim in accordance with the following procedures. Discovery Education will process notices of alleged infringement in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) and other applicable copyright laws. The DMCA requires that notification of claimed infringement be in writing and provided to Discovery Education’s designated agent of service:
Pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c) (2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement must be sent to Service Provider’s Designated Agent.
Name of Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement:
Heather Pasek-Delaney
Full Address of Designated Agent to Which Notification Should Be Sent:
Heather Pasek-Delaney, Legal Department, Discovery Education, Inc., 4350 Congress Street, Suite 700, Charlotte, NC 28209
Telephone Number of Designated Agent:
(704) 557-2403.
E-Mail Address of Designated Agent:
DiscoveryEducationDMCA@Discoveryed.com
To be effective, the notification must be a written communication that includes the following:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. We may give notice to our Users by means of a general notice on any of our Websites, electronic mail to a User’s e-mail address in our records, or written communication sent by first-class mail to a User’s physical address in our records. If you receive such a notice, you may provide counter-notification in writing to the designated agent that includes the information below.
To be effective, the counter-notification must be a written communication that includes the following:
Your physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;
A statement from you, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good-faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; and
Your name, physical address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of a Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your physical address is located, or if your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which we may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of allegedly infringing material or an agent of such person.
Miscellaneous.
Failure to perform by reason of any law, natural disaster, labor controversy, encumbered intellectual property right, war or any similar event beyond a party’s reasonable control shall not be a breach hereof. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced under the laws of the State of Maryland, USA without reference to the choice of law principles thereof. User hereby consents to and submits to the jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in the State of Maryland. User waives any defenses based upon lack of personal jurisdiction or venue, or inconvenient forum. If any provision herein is unenforceable, then such provision shall be of no effect on any other provision hereof. No waiver of any breach hereof shall be deemed a waiver of any other breach hereof. Section headings are provided for convenience only, and shall not be used to construe the meaning of any section hereof.
By using the Discovery Education Websites, you agree to abide by the terms of these Terms of Use. We hope you enjoy using the Discovery Education Websites, and we welcome suggestions for improvements.
Last updated November 17, 2022