Terms & conditions at B&Q
Skip to content
Club members get 10% off 1,000s of products online & every product in store. Join now to save today >>
See more
Customer Support
Home
Customer Support
Terms & conditions
Terms & conditions
Policies
Terms & conditions
Privacy policy
Cookies policy
Online security
Accessibility policy
Product recalls & safety notices
Health & safety data sheets
YouGov surveys
Customer review policy
Policies
Terms & conditions
Privacy policy
Cookies policy
Online security
Accessibility policy
Product recalls & safety notices
Health & safety data sheets
YouGov surveys
Customer review policy
Diy.com is owned and operated by B&Q Limited.
B&Q Limited is registered in England and Wales under Company number 00973387 and our registered office is at B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, SO53 3LE. Our VAT registration number is 232555575.
The documents set out in this section govern your dealings with B&Q. Please read them carefully. They do not affect your statutory rights.
October £5 coupon promotion
Only one £5 coupon will be issued per transaction when spending £30 or more. The coupon entitles the bearer to £5 off a single transaction when spending £5 or more on goods available in store to take away on the day or on diy.com. Only one of these £5 coupons can be used at a time on a single transaction, but the coupon can be used in conjunction with other discount coupons or codes, promotions, multi buys and bulk buys. Cannot be used with any other discount cards such as staff discount or against the purchase of products from verified sellers on diy.com. Coupon is valid in B&Q stores (except Republic of Ireland or concessions) and on diy.com. Please note that the online code is case sensitive and must be entered as shown.  Coupon valid for one transaction only. No cash alternative is available. The coupon cannot be sold or applied retrospectively. B&Q reserves the right to reject any coupon it deems, in its sole discretion, to be forged, defaced, or otherwise tampered with. B&Q reserves the right to hold, void or suspend the promotion where it becomes necessary to do so. The offer is not valid on any of the B&Q partner sites. Coupon is valid for 28 days see expiry date printed on each coupon.
Terms & conditions of sale - B&Q products
These terms set out the basis on which we may sell products to you. Please read these terms carefully.
WE DRAW YOUR ATTENTION TO YOUR CANCELLATION RIGHTS IN CLAUSE 8 AND THE LIMITS OF OUR LIABILITY IN CLAUSE 10
1 Words used in these terms
1.1 In these Terms, when we say:
1.1.1
you
or
your
, we mean you, the customer ordering and purchasing Products;
1.1.2
we, us
or
our
, we mean the B&Q entity from whom you purchase Product(s), being (depending on the circumstances):
B&Q Limited a limited company registered in England (company number 00973387), whose registered office is B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom and whose VAT registration number is GB 232 5555 75 (this includes B&Q stores, and GoodHome by B&Q stores, which are both trading names of B&Q Limited)
B&Q Ireland Limited, a limited company registered in Ireland (company number 0156844), whose registered office is 6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Republic of Ireland and whose VAT registration number is IE 6554344D;
B&Q (Retail) Jersey Limited, a limited company registered in Jersey (company number 9769), whose registered office is 3rd Floor, 44 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey, JE4 9WG, and whose GST registration number is 879; or
B&Q (Retail) Guernsey Limited, a limited company registered in Guernsey (company number 2572), whose registered office is Redwood House, St Julian’s Avenue, St Peter Port, Guernsey, GY1 1WA;
1.1.3
Delivery Terms
, we mean the terms that apply to our Product delivery services, full details of which can be found in store and on our Website;
1.1.4
order
, we mean an order placed by you for Product(s) in store, through our Website, by telephone or using such other means as we may permit from time to time;
1.1.5
our agreement
, we mean our agreement as defined in clause 2.1;
1.1.6
Privacy Policy
, we mean our privacy policy, full details of which can be found on our Website;
1.1.7
Product
or
Products
, we mean the goods and products that we sell;
1.1.8
Terms
, we mean these terms and conditions of sale; and
1.1.9
Website
, we mean the website (
www.diy.com
or
www.diy.ie
(or such other URL as we may specify from time to time)) that is operated by us or on our behalf.
1.2 If you order Product(s) on behalf of a company, organisation or other entity, then (i)
you
(as defined in clause 1.1.1) includes you and that company, organisation or other entity, and (ii) you represent and warrant that you are authorised to bind the company, organisation or other entity to our agreement (including these Terms), and that you agree to our agreement (including these Terms) on behalf of yourself and the company, organisation or other entity.
1.3 These Terms set out the basis on which we may sell Products to you. Please read these Terms carefully. Subject to clause 3.5, by submitting an order for and/or purchasing any Product, you are indicating your acceptance of these Terms and you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not accept these Terms, you will not be able to order or purchase any Products from us.
1.4 These Terms are only in the English language. Our agreement will not be filed by us.
1.5 If you view these Terms via our Website, you should print a copy of these Terms or save them to your computing device for future reference.
2 Our agreement
2.1 Each order you place and purchase of Product(s) you make is subject to these Terms, our Delivery Terms (where relevant), and any additional terms that apply to any quote we may give or any promotional or special offers (together
our agreement
).
3 The order process and formation of the contract between us
3.1 Please see the How to shop section of our Website for information on how to place an order via the Website. You will have an opportunity to check and correct any input errors in your orders via the Website up until the point at which you submit your order by clicking the confirm order and pay (or similar) button on the check out page of our Website. Please carefully check your order at each stage of the order process. Once you have clicked the confirm order and pay (or similar) button, you will need to pay for the Products you have ordered via the Website.
3.2 Your order is an offer to purchase from us. When you place an order with us (or otherwise offer to make a purchase from us), you do so in accordance with the terms of our agreement, subject to our acceptance of your order (or offer to make a purchase). If you place an order via our Website (or where we have otherwise stated that we will), we will send you an email acknowledging receipt of your order, together with your order number and details of the Product(s) you have ordered. Please note this email is an acknowledgement and is not an acceptance of your order.
3.3 Unless we have notified you that we do not accept your order (or offer to make a purchase) or you have cancelled it in accordance with our returns policy, we accept your order (or offer to make a purchase) as follows:
3.3.1 subject to clauses 3.3.2 and 3.3.3, where you place an order via the Website, we accept your order when the Products are despatched to you or at the point the Products are collected by you in store (as the case may be);
3.3.2 where you place an order via the Website for Products which are cut, made to measure or mixed to your requirements, or otherwise customised or made to your specifications, we accept your order seven days after the date of your order or when we start to cut, make, mix or customise those Products, whichever is earlier;
3.3.3 where you place an order via the Website for Products which are liable to deteriorate or expire rapidly, including perishable Products (such as plants or turf), we accept your order seven days after the date of your order or when we start to prepare the Products for delivery or collection, whichever is earlier;
3.3.4 where you place an order in store, we accept your order when we provide you with a sales advice confirming that the order has been placed and processed; and
3.3.5 when you place an order by telephone, we accept your order when we confirm that the order has been placed and processed.
3.4 We may choose not to accept your order (or offer to make a purchase) for any reason and we will not be liable to you or to anyone else in those circumstances. If we do not accept your order (whether in whole or in part) we will refund any monies paid in connection with that order (or that part of the order that we do not accept).
3.5 Our agreement is formed when we accept your order (or offer to make a purchase). In relation to orders via the Website, where Products you have ordered fall within two or more of the Product types identified in clauses 3.3.1, 3.3.2 and 3.3.3, a separate agreement is formed for each Product when we accept your order for that Product. The processing of your payment and acknowledgment of receipt of your order (whether by email, telephone or otherwise) does not constitute legal acceptance of your order.
3.6 If we accept your order, we have a legal duty to supply our Products in conformity with our agreement.
4 Buying from us
4.1 You must be 18 or over to purchase Products from us via our Website. Certain Products (for example knives) can only be purchased if you satisfy the legal age requirement for that Product which can be found in the relevant Product description. We are not allowed by law to supply these Products to you if you do not satisfy these age requirements. If you are underage please do not attempt to order or purchase these Products. By ordering and/or purchasing Products you agree that you satisfy the legal age requirements for those Products. We reserve the right not to supply any age restricted Products where we reasonably believe that you are below the relevant legal age for those Products.
4.2 For safety reasons, we reserve the right to restrict sales of gas fittings and appliances to professionally registered plumbers and heating engineers.
4.3 We will take reasonable steps to display as accurately as possible the colours, appearance and other detailing of our Products (and their packaging) in the images that appear on the Website and in our catalogues and other media. However, we do not guarantee that the images, appearance and other detailing that appear on the Website and in our catalogues and other media will exactly reflect the colour, appearance or detailing of the physical Product (or its packaging). Your Products (and their packaging) may vary slightly from those images.
4.4 Natural products may show some colour variation. To the extent permitted by law, we accept no liability associated with such variations.
4.5 Any information on the Website and in our catalogues and other media regarding sizing, weights, capacities, specifications, dimensions and measurements of Products is included as a guide only. If you are concerned about the precise size, weight, capacity, specifications, dimensions or measurements of any Product you require, we recommend that you contact us prior to placing an order and/or purchasing a Product.
4.6 If your order includes Products that are made according to measurements you provide us, please ensure these measurements are correct and accurate as your right of return as set out in clause 8 below will not be available unless the Products are faulty or incorrectly delivered.
4.7 Where we agree to provide a specifically designed plan as part of or in connection with your order, you will be responsible for checking the accuracy and suitability of the plan and ensuring it meets your requirements before placing an order. Any such plan is, and remains, our property and may not be reproduced in whole or in part without our prior written consent. Any such plan may only be used by you in connection with a quotation or order for Products and/or services from us and/or the provision of Products and/or services by us to you. You are responsible for checking that the details of the plan, and any resulting quotation, are complete, accurate and meet your requirements before committing yourself to an order.
5 Price, delivery charges and availability
5.1 Unless otherwise stated, prices for Products are inclusive of applicable sales tax (including VAT (or GST in Jersey)). Sales tax will be applied and will be shown on your invoice at the current applicable rate. Sales tax amounts stated may be subject to rounding variances. The exact amount of sales tax will be shown on the sales tax invoice (where provided). This will not affect the total price inclusive of sales tax.
5.2 Prices for Products exclude delivery charges unless expressly stated otherwise. Delivery charges vary depending on the Product(s) you order, the delivery address and the delivery method you select; please see our Delivery Terms for further details. When you place an order via our Website, delivery charges are calculated automatically in your shopping basket depending on your choices and added to your order.
5.3 We may update prices at any time. Despite our best efforts, a small number of the thousands of products we sell may occasionally be mispriced. If this happens then we will not be obliged to supply the Products at the incorrect price or at all. We will (at our discretion) either cancel your order and refund the price you have paid or endeavour to contact you and ask you whether you wish to continue with the order at the correct price. If we are unable to contact you or you do not wish to continue with the order at the correct price, we will cancel your order and refund the price you have paid.
5.4 From time to time we may apply promotional prices to Products, including Website or in-store only prices. These promotional prices will only apply in the context in which the promotion is given and are subject to the terms of that promotion. For example, Website only prices will not be applicable to in-store orders or purchases, and in-store only prices will not be applicable to Website orders or purchases. To take advantage of promotional prices, you must quote the relevant promotion code when you order (where applicable). We may update promotions at any time.
5.5 Prices for commodity goods will be updated regularly, please visit our Website or ask in store for further details.
5.6 Where we provide a quote to you it will be subject to the terms and conditions applicable to that quote.
5.7 All Products are subject to availability. If you order Products which are not available from stock, we will cancel your order for those Products and refund the price you have paid for those Products.
6 Payment
6.1 The total cost of your order and/or purchases is the price of the Products and applicable delivery charges.
6.2 We must receive payment in advance before your order and/or purchase can be processed, unless we have agreed otherwise in advance in writing.
6.3 Payment can be made by most major credit or debit cards, and by other online payment methods (including PayPal Apple Pay and Google Pay) in accordance with the
payment methods section of our Website
(see “How can I pay when I shop on diy.com?”).
6.4 If you use a credit/debit card to pay for your order, you must use your credit/debit card or a credit/debit card that you are otherwise authorised to use. All credit/debit card holders are subject to validation checks by third parties and authorisation by the card issuer. If the issuer of the card refuses to authorise payment or any other validation checks return adverse results, we will not accept your order and we will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery and we are not obliged to inform you of the reason for the refusal. If you use PayPal to pay for your order and the issuer of the card or the payment provider that operates the account that you use to fund or which is linked with your PayPal account refuses to authorise payment, we reserve the right to reject your order and will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery and we are not obliged to inform you of the reason for the rejection.
6.5 We are not responsible for the card issuer or bank charging the cardholder as a result of our processing of the credit/debit card payment in accordance with your order.
6.6 You are responsible for all orders placed by your authorised employees.
7 Getting your Products
7.1 If you order Products for delivery then the terms that apply to that delivery will depend upon the Product(s) that you order, the delivery address and the delivery method you select. Unless we specifically agree otherwise, we only deliver to the areas indicated in our Delivery Terms. Depending on your location, some Products may only be available in store and some Products may not be available to purchase on our Website.
7.2 You can see a full set of our Delivery Terms on the Website.
7.3 Subject to availability and our Delivery Terms, where we have agreed to deliver the Products, we will use reasonable endeavours to do so on any specified date we agree, or if no date is specified, within 30 days of the date of your order. In the case of circumstances beyond our reasonable control (for example, adverse weather conditions, unpredictable delays caused by traffic congestion, road works, diversions or mechanical breakdowns, in each case to the extent beyond our reasonable control) we may not be able to deliver the Products within these timescales and we will not be liable for any delay or failure to deliver the Products if the delay or failure is wholly or partly caused by such circumstances. In the event that a delivery does not take place, we and you will agree an alternative delivery date.
7.4 You must also do all that you reasonably can to enable the delivery to take place on the given date. If we are unable to deliver the Products as a result of your action or inaction (for example, you are not present at your property), we will need to arrange an alternative delivery date and we reserve the right to charge you a further fee for this.
7.5 For reasons of health and safety and to avoid any property damage, certain Products can only be delivered to the exterior of a ground floor location at the delivery address. You must therefore make your own arrangements at your own risk if the relevant Products need to be transported from the delivery location. We will not provide any unpacking, installation, fitting or waste removal services, unless otherwise agreed by us.
7.6 Unless we have agreed otherwise, Products must be signed for on delivery by a person aged 18 or over. Delivery will be completed when we deliver the Products to the address you specified in your order.
7.7 If you do not receive your Products on the stated delivery date, you must notify us immediately. We recommend that you do not schedule or commence any installation work until after you have received your ordered Products and checked all of them for any defects or missing parts.
7.8 Each Product remains our property until you have paid for it in full or we have provided the Product to you (whichever occurs later), whereupon you will own the Product. On delivery of the Products to you or collection of the Products by you (as the case may be), the Products shall be at your risk and responsibility and you will be responsible for their safekeeping and we will not be responsible for any damage or fault arising from incorrect storage.
8 Cancellation and returns
8.1 Subject to clauses 8.2 to 8.5 (inclusive), the refunds policy will apply to anything you purchase from us. Please review the refunds policy here. Where your order comprises multiple delivery shipments, the 90-day returns period for the Products in your order runs from the date of the delivery of the last shipment to you.
8.2 The refunds policy is subject to the following exclusions:
8.2.1 Products which are cut, made to measure or mixed to your requirements, or otherwise customised or made to your specifications will not be exchanged or refunded unless they are faulty or incorrectly delivered;
8.2.2 Products which are liable to deteriorate or expire rapidly, including perishable Products such as plants or turf, will not be exchanged or refunded unless they are faulty or incorrectly delivered;
8.2.3 The returns policy does not apply to Products which are not suitable for return due to health or hygiene reasons, if you have opened the Product packaging after delivery or collection; and
8.2.4 The returns policy does not apply to Products which become mixed inseparatably with other items after delivery or collection (which may be the case where the Products are installed).
8.3 You must keep the Product(s) you wish to return in your possession and take reasonable care of the Product(s) at all times while they are in your possession. This means that you must not use the Products (except to the extent reasonably necessary to inspect and examine them).
8.4 We reserve the right to make a deduction from the amount of any refund for loss in value of the Products returned where the Products show signs of unreasonable use; for these purposes, unreasonable use includes handling the Products beyond what is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the Products, in particular, if it goes beyond the sort of handling that might reasonably be allowed in a shop. Where you are in possession of the Products (or they have been dispatched to you), we may withhold any refund until we have received the Products or you have supplied proof of return for the Products.
8.5 We reserve the right to require proof of identity.
Right to cancel – consumer
Clauses 8.6 - 8.20 (inclusive) apply to you only if you are a consumer. If you are a consumer, in addition to the rights set out above and in the refunds policy, you may have additional rights to cancel our agreement. It a consumer wants to obtain further advice about their right to cancel, in Ireland, they can contact the Competition and Consumer Protection Commission and, in the UK, they can contact their local authority Trading Standards Department or Citizens' Advice Bureau.
8.6 A consumer has a legal right to change their mind and cancel our agreement within 14 days of delivery of the Products ("
Cooling-off Period
") without giving a reason. This right, under the Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Charges) Regulations 2013 (in the UK) and the European Union (Consumer Information, Cancellation and Other Rights) Regulations 2013 (in Ireland), is explained in more detail below.Please note that a consumer’s right to change their mind does not apply to any bespoke Products a consumer purchases from us (i.e. products that we create to a consumer’s specification or are clearly personalised, including the excluded Products set out at clause 8.2 above).
8.7 The Cooling-off Period will expire 14 days from the day on which a consumer acquires, or a third party indicated by the consumer (other than the carrier) acquires, physical possession of the Products. A consumer may cancel our agreement in respect of all Products delivered or in respect of certain of the Products only.  Where a consumer buys multiple Products under our agreement or a Product is delivered in separate parts, lots or pieces, the cancellation period will expire 14 days from the day on which a consumer acquires, or a third party indicated by a consumer (other than the carrier) acquires, physical possession of the last Product, part, lot or piece being sold under our agreement.
8.8 To exercise the right to cancel, a consumer may inform us by:
8.8.1 calling us on 0333 0143357 (or 1800 946327 if you are calling from the Republic of Ireland) (lines are open 8am to 8pm weekdays, 8am to 8pm Saturday and 10am to 4pm Sunday), e-mailing us at
home.delivery@b-and-q.co.uk
, or writing to us at B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom, or for customers in the Republic of Ireland you can alternatively send to: B&Q Ireland Limited, 6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2 to cancel the order (or part of it) and arrange return;
8.8.2 returning your product to a B&Q store that is within the same jurisdiction as the store that it was purchased from, or for on-line and telephone orders to a store within the same jurisdiction to which the product was delivered. For example, if you buy a product in a store in the UK, you may return it to a store in the UK only; or if you order a product on-line that is delivered to you in the Republic of Ireland, you may return the product to a store in the Republic of Ireland only. In each case, please bring your proof of purchase and, where applicable, the credit/debit card used for payment; or
8.8.3 making any other clear statement.
A consumer may also use the following model cancellation form to do this but they are not required to do so:
Model Cancellation Form
To: B&Q Limited Address: B&Q Customer Services, B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom Email address:
home.delivery@b-and-q.co.uk
.
For customers in the Republic of Ireland you can alternatively send to B&Q Ireland Limited, 6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Republic of Ireland, Email address: home.delivery@b-and-q.co.uk
I/We(*) hereby give notice that I/We(*) cancel from my/our (*) contract of sale of the following goods(*)/for the provision of the following service*,
Ordered on(*) / received on(*)
Name of consumer(s),
Address of consumer(s),
Signature of consumer (only if this form is notified on paper)
Date
(*) Please delete if not applicable
8.9 To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for a consumer to send their communication concerning the exercise of their right to cancel before the Cooling-off Period has expired.
8.10 We will send a consumer an acknowledgement of receipt of their notice to cancel by email.
8.11 In relation to Products delivered to a consumer, a consumer may need to take delivery of the Products before a consumer can cancel their order if the Products are placed into our delivery process before we receive your notice of cancellation. This does not affect a consumer’s rights under this clause and clause 9. If a consumer cancels our agreement pursuant to clause 8.6, the consumer will receive a refund of all payments made by them (save for any additional costs in excess of the standard delivery charges for expedited delivery).
8.12 We will reimburse a consumer without undue delay, and not later than:
8.12.1 14 days after the day we receive back from a consumer any Products supplied (unless we agree that a consumer may dispose of the Product); or
8.12.2 If the Products have been delivered to the consumer, we may withhold reimbursement until we have received the Products back or the consumer has supplied evidence of having sent back the Products to us, whichever is the earliest.
8.13 If there were no Products delivered, we reimburse a consumer not later than 14 days after the day on which we are informed about the consumer's decision to cancel our agreement.
8.14 If the Products have been delivered to the consumer, we may withhold reimbursement until we have received the Products back or the consumer has supplied evidence of having sent back the Products to us, whichever is the earliest.
8.15 We may make a deduction from the reimbursement for loss in value of any Products supplied, if the loss is the result of unnecessary handling by a consumer. A consumer is only liable for any diminished value of the Products resulting from the unfair and/or unreasonable wear and tear of the Products other than what is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the Products. A consumer may make a deduction from any reimbursement (the Buyer is entitled to from the Seller) for such loss in value of any Products the Seller supplies.
How to return Products
8.16 If a consumer wishes to exercise their rights to a refund under this clause 8, a consumer must return the Products in accordance with clause 8.8.2. A consumer must arrange for the return of the Product(s) as soon as possible and in any event not later than 14 days after the day on which the consumer cancels their order, unless we agree that a consumer may dispose of the Products (in which case a consumer must comply with any disposal instructions).
8.17 Unless the Product(s) is(are) faulty or not as described or purchased and delivered simultaneously while we are in your property, a consumer will be responsible for the cost of returning the Product(s). For certain Products we offer a collection service. Please contact us for further details. We may charge a fee for this service (the fee will depend on the Products returned, but will not exceed £50 or €50 in the Republic of Ireland).
8.18 A consumer is responsible for taking reasonable care of the Products until they are returned to us. We recommend that the Products are returned to the Seller using a service that offers a tracking method and that the consumer keeps proof of postage. We will be unable to provide a consumer with a full refund if the Products are not returned to us or if they are damaged when they arrive.
Refund payments
8.19 Following cancellation, we will refund a consumer the price paid for the cancelled order (or part of the order cancelled), less any collection or return costs or charges (if any). Where a consumer cancels their entire order, we will also refund the standard delivery charges paid (if any), or an amount equal to those charges if a consumer elected to use a more expensive delivery method. Where a consumer cancels part of an order, we may recalculate any applicable delivery charge and deduct this from the refund.
8.20 If you paid for your order using a credit/debit card, we will refund you on the credit/debit card used to pay for the order; if you paid for your order by cheque, we will provide you with a cheque for the amount of the refund; if you paid for the order in cash, we will refund you in cash or, at our discretion, by cheque; if you paid for your order using a gift card, we will issue a credit note for the amount of the refund. If you paid for your order using an online payment service (such as PayPal, Apple Pay or Google Pay) , we will refund you on the account or using the online payment method you used to pay for the order, unless we agree otherwise with you.
YOUR CONSUMER RIGHTS ARE NOT AFFECTED
9 Faulty Products
9.1 On receipt of the Products you must check they match your order. If there is any problem, or if they are defective or damaged you must notify us as soon as is reasonably possible. Claims may be reduced or rejected if we have not been given an opportunity to put matters right.
9.2 In addition to the right to cancel an order as described in clause 8, if there is a problem with your order or the Product(s) you purchase is(are) faulty, we may make good any shortage or non-delivery, or offer a repair, exchange or refund as appropriate in accordance with your consumer rights. Please call us on 0333 0143357 (or 1800 946327 if you are calling from the Republic of Ireland) (lines are open 8am to 8pm weekdays, 8am to 8pm Saturday and 10am to 4pm Sunday) or e-mail us at
home.delivery@b-and-q.co.uk
to arrange. Alternatively, you can return faulty Products in store.
10 Liability
If you are acting as a consumer
10.1 If you are acting as a
consumer
(which for these purposes means anyone who acts outside the course of a business, trade or profession) in your ordering and/or purchasing of Products, to the extent not prohibited by law, we accept no liability for any:
10.1.1 loss which is not foreseeable (loss is foreseeable if it was an obvious consequence of our breach or if it was contemplated by you and us at the time you and we entered into our agreement);
10.1.2 loss which arises when we are not at fault or in breach of our agreement; and
10.1.3 business loss (which includes loss of profits, loss of business, contracts, goodwill, business opportunity and other similar losses).
10.2 If you are acting as a consumer, you may have certain legal rights regarding claims in respect of losses caused by our negligence or failure to carry out our obligations. Nothing in our agreement is intended to limit your legal rights as a consumer. For further information about your legal rights, in Ireland you can contact the Competition and Consumer Protection Commission and elsewhere your local authority Trading Standards Department or Citizens Advice Bureau.
If you are acting as a business customer
10.3 If you are acting in the course of a business, trade or profession in your ordering and/or purchasing of Products (a
business customer
), we shall have no liability to compensate you (whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty or otherwise), other than any refund we make under our agreement or otherwise at our discretion.
10.4 Without prejudice to clause 10.3, if you are acting as a business customer in your ordering and/or purchasing of Products, we accept no liability (whether arising in contract, tort (including negligence), for breach of statutory duty or otherwise) for any of the following losses:
10.4.1 loss of profits, revenue, sales, income, or business;
10.4.2 loss of savings;
10.4.3 loss of use or production;
10.4.4 loss of goodwill;
10.4.5 business interruption;
10.4.6 subject to clause 9, remedial costs if the Products are damaged or defective;
10.4.7 damage to property or possessions through use or misuse of the Products;
10.4.8 loss caused by delay or other late performance; and
10.4.9 indirect or consequential losses.
10.5 If you are acting as a business customer in your ordering and/or purchasing of Products, you acknowledge and agree that all our obligations to you are set out in our agreement.
10.6 If you are acting as a business customer in your ordering and/or purchasing of Products, except as set out in our agreement, all other terms, warranties, representations and conditions implied by statute, common law or otherwise (including fitness for purpose) are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
10.7 Subject to clause 10.8, we will not be responsible to you or, if you are undertaking work for another person, to any other person, for the use or installation of any Products by you (or on your behalf). Accordingly, as a business customer, you hereby agree to hold us harmless, and indemnify us, against any liability associated with any claim or allegation that we are responsible for any failings in the installation or use of Products that we supply.
Liability provisions that apply whether you act as a consumer or business customer
10.8 Nothing in our agreement limits or excludes our liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, death or personal injury caused by our negligence or for any other liability which cannot be limited or excluded by law.
10.9 Our Website, catalogues and other media may contain information and materials created and submitted by third parties, and, subject to clause 10.8, we exclude liability for all losses arising from any error, omission or inaccuracy in any such information and material.
11 Our rights to cancel
11.1 We may cancel our agreement by notice in writing to you if you are in breach of our agreement, you become unable to pay your debts when they fall due or proceedings are or are reasonably likely to be commenced by or against you alleging bankruptcy or insolvency or an administrator, receiver or administrative receiver is appointed or is reasonably likely to be appointed over all or part of your undertaking and assets. Upon cancellation, any money due to us in respect of our agreement which has been cancelled shall become immediately due and payable and we shall be under no further obligation to supply Products to you, provided that where you have paid for Products in advance of our cancellation of our agreement, we shall, at our discretion, supply those Products to you or cancel the supply of those Products and refund you the price paid for those Products.
12 Events beyond our control
12.1 We shall have no liability to you for any failure or delay in supply or delivery, nor if performance of any of our obligations is prevented or restricted, nor for any damage or defect to Products supplied or delivered under our agreement, in each case that is caused by any event or circumstance beyond our reasonable control (including, without limitation, the following to the extent these are outside our reasonable control: accidents, extreme weather conditions, fire, explosion, flood, storm, earthquake, natural disaster, failure of telecommunications networks, inability to use transport networks, acts of God, terrorist attack, war, civil commotion, riots, strikes, lockouts and other industrial disputes, acts or restraints of Government, and imposition of restrictions on imports or exports).
13 Disposal of electrical and electronic equipment
13.1 For purchases made in the UK. The WEEE regulations aim to ensure waste from certain electrical and electronic equipment is reduced, separated from household waste, and ultimately disposed of in a sound environmental manner. If you are a business customer (as defined above), you agree that the collection, recovery/treatment and disposal of non-household electrical or electronic equipment purchased from us will be your responsibility. In the case of household waste, please take this waste to your nearest designated collection facility (DCF). To find your nearest DCF go to www.recycle-more.co.uk. We are making financial contributions towards the running of these facilities and the onward recycling of this waste.
13.2 For purchases in Republic of Ireland. Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) and waste batteries must never be placed in any of your household wheelie bins. WEEE is taken back free of charge at electrical retail outlets on a one-for-one like-for-like basis. There is a container for small waste batteries in your local store. Local authority civic amenity facilities also take back WEEE and waste batteries free of charge. WEEE and waste battery recycling is free.
B&Q Ireland Ltd is registered with The Producer Register Limited in accordance with the provisions of article 12 of the European Union (Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment) Regulations 2014 (S.I. Number 149 of 2014) and is registered with The Producer Register Limited in accordance with the provisions of article 19 of the European Union (Batteries and Accumulators) Regulations 2014 (S.I. Number 283 of 2014).
The Producer Register Limited Registration No: IED0121WB.
14 Your information
14.1 In the course of our dealings with you we will collect and process personal information about you, including to administer and process your order, and to provide the Products. Further information on the manner in which we process personal information is set out in our Privacy Policy, a copy of which is available on our Website.
14.2 Calls to our contact centre may be monitored and/or recorded for quality control and training purposes.
15 Complaints
15.1 If you make a complaint, we will endeavour to keep you informed either by telephone or email at each stage of the complaints handling process and will endeavour to fully resolve your complaint as soon as possible.
16 Contacting us and you
16.1 If you have any questions, complaints or concerns with respect to your order or these Terms, please contact us as follows:
16.1.1 by telephone: on 0333 0143357 (or 1800 946327 if you are calling from Republic of Ireland) (lines are open 8am to 8pm weekdays, 8am to 8pm Saturday and 10am to 4pm Sunday);
16.1.2 by email at:
home.delivery@b-and-q.co.uk
; or
16.1.3 by post at: B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom or for customers in the Republic of Ireland you can alternatively send to: B&Q Ireland Limited, 6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2.
16.2 Any formal legal notices should be sent to B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom, marked for the attention of the Company Secretary of B&Q Limited.
16.3 If we have to contact you or give you notice in writing, we will do so by email or by hand or by pre-paid post to the address you provide to us in your order or we otherwise hold for you.
17 Governing law and venue for disputes
17.1 Subject to clause 17.2, you and we agree that our agreement is governed by the law of England and Wales and that any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with our agreement (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will only be dealt with by the courts of England and Wales.
17.2 Regardless of clause 17.1, you and we agree that if:
17.2.1 you are a consumer (as defined in clause 10.1) resident in a part of the United Kingdom other than England and Wales, the law of that part of the United Kingdom will apply to our agreement and any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with our agreement (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be dealt with by the courts located there;
17.2.2 you are a consumer (as defined in clause 10.1) resident in Ireland, Irish law applies to our agreement and any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with our agreement (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be dealt with by the Irish courts;
17.2.3 you are a consumer (as defined in clause 10.1) resident in Jersey, Jersey law applies to our agreement and any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with our agreement (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be dealt with by the Jersey courts; and
17.2.4 you are a consumer (as defined in clause 10.1) resident in Guernsey, Guernsey law applies to our agreement and any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with our agreement (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be dealt with by the Guernsey courts,
provided that, where we are allowed to do so by law, we may bring a claim against you in the courts of England and Wales.
17.3 Alternative Dispute Resolution
If we have been unable to resolve your complaint for you, you may wish to use the Alternative Dispute Resolution Service. B&Q Limited is a registered full member of The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman (“FHIO”) in the UK.
The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman is approved by the UK government to provide alternative dispute resolution services, ensuring that you have complete peace of mind when buying products and services from us. Although the FHIO is based in the UK the alternative dispute resolution services are available to our customers in all jurisdictions.
To find out more about the Furniture Ombudsman please visit
www.fhio.org
. Before going through the Dispute Resolution process please contact our Customer Service Team at OnlineDisputeResolution@b-and-q.co.uk who will try and resolve the issue for you in the first instance.
17.4
Payment Protection Scheme
The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman Payment Protection Scheme is a mechanism that has been devised to protect consumers who have paid 100% in advance of a home improvement installation (the supply and fit of a fitted kitchen, fitted bathroom, fitted bedroom, fitted home office or other installation including conservatories). The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman (“FHIO”) holds an amount of money in a Protected Account which can be drawn upon, if needed, to pay an award of compensation to a Consumer following a Legitimate Complaint being upheld in their favour. For more information about the Payment Protection Scheme, please visit
https://www.fhio.org/payment-protection-scheme
17.5
EU Online Dispute Resolution Platform
In addition to the Alternative Dispute Resolution Scheme please note that for disputes that arise as a result of an online purchase only, if you are in the EU, you may submit your complaint to the EU Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) platform via their website at
https://ec.europa.eu
. In the UK you may however wish to go direct to our Alternative Dispute Resolution provider, The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman, as detailed above.
18 Other important terms
18.1 If any provision of our agreement (including any provision in which we exclude or limit our liability to you) is found to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, the validity of the other provisions of our agreement and the remainder of the provision in question shall not be affected.
18.2 No person other than you and us shall have any rights to enforce our agreement, whether under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties Act) 1999 (if based in England and Wales) or otherwise.
18.3 If we fail to insist that you perform any of your obligations under our agreement, or if we do not enforce our rights against you, or if we delay in doing so, that will not mean that we have waived our rights against you and will not mean that you do not have to comply with those obligations. If we do waive a default by you, we will only do so in writing, and that will not mean that we will automatically waive any later default by you.
18.4 You may not assign or transfer your rights or obligations under our agreement, unless we agree in writing.
18.5 Before working with electricity, gas or water you should always consult an appropriate professional electrician or plumber with appropriate qualifications and accreditations (for example, Gas Safe or registered Gas Installer registered). Always read and follow any relevant manuals and safety instructions. When working with electricity always turn off the mains.
18.6 Asbestos may be found in some older properties. If you have any concerns about the presence of asbestos you should seek advice from a licensed asbestos company.
18.7 In connection with building work, we cannot advise on planning permission or building regulation issues. You are responsible for obtaining all necessary planning permission and local authority consents and permissions (and all other relevant consents and permissions) for any work to be carried out and allowing us or our agent to inspect these prior to the commencement of work.
18.8 We may update, vary and amend these Terms from time to time without prior notice. Each time you order or otherwise purchase a Product from us, the Terms in force at that time will apply (as set out on our Website or available in store). Please check in store or on our Website to ensure that you understand which Terms apply.
These Terms were last updated on 23 July 2021.
Terms & conditions of sale - Verified seller products
These terms set out the basis on which a verified seller may sell products to you. Please read these terms carefully.
1. Interpretation
1.1 These terms are entered into for the purchase of a product (the “Product”) on the online marketplace operated by B&Q Limited (the “Company”) known as “DIY.com” (the “Online Marketplace”) between the buyer (the “Buyer”) and the verified seller (the “Seller”) for delivery to and/or within the UK. Unless otherwise agreed, the Buyer and the Seller enters into this contract (this “Third Party Sales Contract”) on the following terms.
1.2 Except where information to the contrary is provided and verified, you are and shall be treated as acting as a “Consumer” for the purposes of interpreting this Third Party Sales Contract on the basis that in respect of a Product you are purchasing, you are acting for purposes that are wholly or mainly outside your trade, business, craft or profession.
1.3 This Third Party Sales Contract is only available in the English language and the Buyer will not file the contract that forms between the Buyer and the Seller. References to Seller in this Third Party Sales Contract is to a Seller which is a business corporation: (i) which may have its main business establishment for VAT purposes and its Products located inside or outside the United Kingdom; and (ii) is validly UK VAT registered. Reference to the Online Marketplace shall include the Company as operator of the Online Marketplace.
2. Commencement date and term
2.1 The Buyer’s order is an offer to enter into a contract with the Seller.
2.2 The Third Party Sales Contract is created when the Company (acting on behalf of the Seller) receives an order from a Customer through the Marketplace and the Company sends (acting on behalf of the Seller) an order confirmation to the Customer.. If after the confirmation email has been sent the Seller does not have the Product in stock, the Company (on behalf of the Seller) will notify the Buyer and provide a full refund to the Buyer for the Product that cannot be delivered.
2.3 The Third Party Sales Contract will continue until terminated in accordance with the terms of this Third Party Sales Contract.
3. Product
3.1 The Seller agrees to sell the Buyer the Product set out in the listing page for the Product on the Online Marketplace (the “Listing”).
4. Delivery
4.1 The Product shall be delivered to: (i) the Buyer’s address which must be situated in the United Kingdom; or (ii) where a click and collect option is selected, a Company store.
4.2 A Product will be the Buyer’s responsibility from the time the Product is delivered to the Buyer’s address or (where applicable) the Product is collected by the Buyer at a Company store. A Buyer will own a Product once it has been delivered to the Buyer or (where applicable) the Product is collected by the Buyer at a Company store.
5. Payment
5.1 The Buyer must pay the price for the Product as set out in the Listing, which price shall be inclusive of all applicable taxes, duties and additional charges relating to the Product (including any delivery charges unless separately stated for payment by the Buyer). The Seller may not require a Buyer to pay any amount other than the Price for the Product as set out in the Listing and any separately stated delivery charges.
5.2 If the Products have been delivered in accordance with clause 5.1, the amount due to the Seller (which is the Price minus all amounts paid and payable to the Company or which amounts the Company shall be entitled to retain or deduct in accordance with the terms agreed between the Company and the Seller) will be released to the Seller (subject to the terms agreed between the Company and Seller).
5.3 The Seller (and not the Buyer) has appointed the Company as its agent with the authority to promote the commercialisation of products and conclude this Third Party Sales Contract. Accordingly, the Online Marketplace collects payment for the Products as agent in the name of and behalf of the Seller and the Buyer’s obligation to pay amounts due under this Third Party Sales Contract shall be satisfied when the Online Marketplace collects such payment from the Buyer on the Seller’s behalf in respect of the relevant Products.
5.4 If the Buyer requests a VAT invoice in respect of any VAT charged by a Seller, then the Company may coordinate for the Seller (or each Seller in the case of multiple purchases) to issue a VAT invoice to the Buyer. The Seller shall issue a VAT invoice to the Buyer as required in accordance with Applicable Law relating to VAT. The Buyer consents to receive VAT invoices electronically in digital form.
6. Cancellation and returns
6.1 The refunds policy for the Product is set out here.
Right to cancel – Consumer Buyer
6.1 Clauses 6.2 to 6.15 only apply in cases where a Third Party Sales Contract has been concluded between a Seller and a Buyer who is a Consumer. They relate to a Consumer’s rights to cancel a Third Party Sales Contract and obtain a refund. Consumers can obtain advice about their right to cancel a Third Party Sales Contract from their local Citizens’ Advice Bureau or Trading Standards Office.
6.2 The Buyer has a legal right to change their mind and cancel the Third Party Sales Contract between them and a Seller within fourteen (14) days of delivery of the Products (“Cooling-off Period”) without giving a reason. This right, under the Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Charges) Regulations 2013, is explained in more detail below. Please note that the Buyer’s right to change their mind does not apply to any bespoke Products the Buyer purchases from the Seller (i.e. Products that the Seller creates to the Buyer’s specification or are clearly personalised). The Cooling-off Period will expire fourteen (14) days from the day on which the Buyer acquires, or a third party indicated by the Buyer (other than the carrier) acquires, physical possession of the Products. The Buyer may cancel the Contract in respect of all Products delivered or in respect of certain of the Products only. Where the Buyer buys multiple Products under a Third Party Sales Contract or a Product is delivered in separate parts, lots or pieces, the cancellation period will expire fourteen (14) days from the day on which the Buyer acquires, or a third party indicated by the Buyer (other than the carrier) acquires, physical possession of the last Product, part, lot or piece being sold under the Third Party Sales Contract.
6.3 To exercise the right to cancel, the Buyer must inform the Seller via the Online Marketplace of their decision to cancel the Third Party Sales Contract by making a clear statement (e.g. a letter sent by email). The Buyer may use the following model cancellation form to do this but they are not required to do so:
Model Cancellation Form
To: [name], [address]
E-mail address: [address]
I/We(*) hereby give notice that I/We(*) cancel from my/our (*) contract of sale of the following goods(*)/for the provision of the following service*,
Ordered on(*) / received on(*)
Name of consumer(s)
Address of consumer(s)
Signature of consumer (only if this form is notified on paper)
Date
(*) Please delete if not applicable
6.4 To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for the Buyer to send their communication concerning the exercise of their right to cancel before the Cooling-off Period has expired.
6.5 The Company will, on behalf of the Seller, send the Buyer an acknowledgement of receipt of the Buyer’s notice to cancel by email.
6.6 If the Buyer cancels the Third Party Sales Contract before the Products have been shipped by the Seller, the Seller must immediately inform the Company of the Buyer’s intention to cancel.
6.7 If the Buyer cancels a Third Party Sales Contract pursuant to clause 6.2, the Buyer will receive a refund of all payments made by them via the Online Marketplace acting in the name of and on behalf the Seller.
6.8 The Seller will reimburse the Buyer without undue delay, and not later than:
6.8.1 fourteen (14) days after the day the Seller (or, where applicable, the Company on the Seller’s behalf) receives back from the Buyer any Products supplied; or
6.8.2 (if earlier) fourteen (14) days after the day the Buyer provides evidence that they have returned the Products to the Seller (or, where applicable, the Company on the Seller’s behalf).
6.9 If there were no Products delivered, the Seller will procure that the Company reimburses the Buyer not later than fourteen (14) days after the day on which the Seller is informed about the Buyer’s decision to cancel this Third Party Sales Contract.
6.10 If the Products have been delivered to the Buyer, the Seller may withhold reimbursement until it has received the Products back or the Buyer has supplied evidence of having sent back the Products to the Seller (or, where applicable, the Company on the Seller’s behalf) whichever is the earliest.
6.11 The Seller may make a deduction from the reimbursement for loss in value of any Products supplied, if the loss is the result of unnecessary handling by the Buyer. The Buyer is only liable for any diminished value of the Products resulting from the unfair and/or unreasonable wear and tear of the Products other than what is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the Products. The Seller may make a deduction from any reimbursement (the Buyer is entitled to from the Seller) for such loss in value of any Products the Seller supplies.
How to return Products
6.12 If the Buyer wishes to exercise their rights to a refund under this clause 6, the Buyer must return the Products to the address(es) made available (which may include a B&Q store) through the ‘Contact seller’ or ‘Request a Return’ functionality on the Online Marketplace. The Seller will pay the costs of return, unless the Product weighs above 30kg, in which case the Seller has the right to charge the Buyer up to £50 for collecting the Product which is being returned.
6.13 The Buyer is responsible for taking reasonable care of the Products until they are returned to the Seller (or, where applicable, the Company on the Seller’s behalf). The Seller recommends that the Products are returned to the Seller (or, where applicable, the Company on the Seller’s behalf) using a service that offers a tracking method and that the Buyer keeps proof of postage. The Seller will be unable to provide the Buyer with a full refund if the Products are not returned to the Seller (or, where applicable, the Company on the Seller’s behalf) or if they are damaged when they arrive.
Refund payments
6.14 The Seller will make the reimbursement using the same means of payment as the Buyer used for the initial transaction; the Buyer will not incur any fees as a result of the reimbursement (unless the Seller is collecting a Product which weighs above 30kg, in which case the cost of the return will be deducted from the reimbursement amount (up to a maximum of £50)).
Other refunds
6.15 The Buyer has legal rights in relation to Products that are not as described, faulty or otherwise not fit for purpose. If the Buyer believes that any Products that they have ordered do not conform with the Third Party Sales Contract, they should contact the Seller via the Online Marketplace to attempt to resolve the dispute in the first instance. If the Buyer and the Seller are unable to resolve the dispute, either party may refer the dispute to the Company in accordance with clause 8.
7. Limitation of liability
7.1 Nothing in this Sales Contract excludes or limits either party’s liability for:
7.1.1 death or personal injury caused by that party’s negligence;
7.1.2 fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; and
7.1.3 any matter in respect of which it would be unlawful for that party to exclude or restrict its liability.
7.2 The Seller has a legal duty to supply Products that are in conformance with this Third Party Sales Contract.
8. Disputes
8.1 The Company is not a party to any Third Party Sales Contract and acts as agent in the name of and on behalf of the Seller in promoting the commercialisation of products and concluding Third Party Seller Contracts as between the Seller and the Buyer, and in handling certain related ancillary obligations on the Seller’s behalf. The Seller is responsible for responding to, and using best endeavours to resolve, issues that arise in relation to a Buyer which pertain to a Product or Listing of the Seller (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be irrespective of any obligation imposed under or by virtue of all Applicable Law for VAT purposes on the Company as a deemed supplier or otherwise in connection therewith). The Buyer acknowledges that any VAT obligation on the Company in its capacity as a deemed supplier by virtue of Applicable Law (including any VAT invoice required to be issued by the Company in such capacity to the Buyer) shall have no effect on the Seller’s obligations to the Buyer under this Third Party Sales Contract.
8.2 If the dispute between a Buyer and Seller cannot be resolved:
8.2.1 the Company will read through the full communication between the Seller and the Buyer via the Online Marketplace to assess the situation;
8.2.2 for Products from a particular Seller in an order which, when considered together, are priced up to and including £50.00 (excluding any applicable VAT), the Company may make an automatic decision to resolve the situation and, if so, the Company will inform the Seller and the Buyer of such resolution. The resolution can include paying the Buyer a full refund. The Seller and the Buyer agree to abide, and comply with, such resolution; and
8.2.3 for Products from a particular Seller in an order which, when considered together, are priced above £50.00 (excluding any applicable VAT), the issue will be escalated to the Company’s account manager who will assess the issue, contact the Seller and discuss and propose a solution. If the Company fails to get a response by the Seller within twenty-four (24) hours of such contact, the Company reserves the right to resolve the dispute regardless of the Price of the item. The Seller and the Buyer agree to abide, and comply with, such resolution. The Company’s account manager might request the Seller to provide evidence of (by way of example only) delivery of the relevant Product (e.g. carrier confirmation of delivery) and/or return pick up of the item. The Seller is responsible for providing evidence and acknowledges that if the Seller fails to do so, the Company’s account manager is likely to decide to resolve the issue in favour of the Buyer. The Company will use reasonable endeavours to resolve any dispute within seventy-two (72) hours of the Seller or the Buyer providing the required evidence (as required by the Company).
8.3 The Company will not be acting as an arbitrator in relation to any dispute and either party to a dispute will be entitled to pursue legal action at any time.
9. Termination of sales contract
9.1 This Sales Contract will terminate:
9.1.1 if the Buyer exercises a right to cancel in accordance with clause 6;
9.1.2 when the Products are delivered to the Buyer’s address; or 9.1.3 when a party’s Account is terminated by the Company.
10. Online dispute resolution
Please note that for disputes that arise as a result of an online purchase only, if the Buyer is resident in a European Union member state, the Buyer may submit the Buyer’s complaint to the EU Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) platform via their website at http://ec.europa.eu/odr. Before going through this dispute resolution process please contact the Company’s Customer Service Team at OnlineDisputeResolution@b-and-q.co.uk who will try and resolve the issue for the Buyer in the first instance.
11. Governing law
11.1 This Third Party Sales Contract is governed by English law. This means that any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with this Third Party Sales Contract (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be governed by English law.
11.2 Unless the Buyer is a Consumer, the Buyer and the Seller irrevocably agree that the courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim (including non-contractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with this Third Party Sales Contract or its subject matter or formation.
11.3 If the Buyer is a Consumer, the Buyer may bring any dispute which may arise under this Third Party Sales Contract to, at the Buyer’s discretion, either the competent court of England, or to the competent court of the Buyer’s country of habitual residence if this country of habitual residence is an EU Member State, which courts are (with the exclusion of any other court) competent to settle any of such a dispute. The Seller shall bring any dispute which may arise under this Sales Contract to the competent court of the Buyer’s country of habitual residence if this is in an EU Member State or otherwise the competent court of England.
11.4 If the Buyer is a Consumer, the Buyer will benefit from any mandatory provisions of the law of the country in which they are resident. Nothing in this Third Party Sales Contract, including clause 11.1, affects the Buyer’s rights as a Consumer to rely on such mandatory provisions of local law.
These terms and conditions were updated July 2025
.
Terms and conditions - Hire products
These terms set out the basis on which we may hire products to you. Please read these terms carefully.
WE DRAW YOUR ATTENTION TO YOUR CANCELLATION RIGHTS IN CLAUSE 12 AND THE LIMITS OF OUR LIABILITY IN CLAUSE 13.
1 Words used in these terms
1.1 In these Terms, when we say:
1.1.1
you
or
your
, we mean you, the customer ordering and hiring the Hire Products;
1.1.2
we
,
us
or
our
, we mean B&Q Limited a limited company registered in England (company number 00973387), whose registered office is B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom and whose VAT registration number is GB 232 5555 75 (this includes B&Q stores, and GoodHome by B&Q stores, which are both trading names of B&Q Limited);
1.1.3
Hire Period
, we mean the period commencing from when you hold the Hire Products on hire (including Saturdays, Sundays and Bank Holidays) and ending upon the happening of either of the following events (i) you return the Hire Products or (ii) the Hire Products are repossessed or collected. You will only be able to hire the Hire Products for the hire period set out in your order and if you wish to extend your order, you will be required to submit a new order;
1.1.4
Hire Product
or
Hire Products
, we mean the products that we hire out to you including any accessories hired by you as specified in the order;
1.1.5
order
, we mean an order placed by you for Hire Products using our in-store process, through our Website or using such other means as we may permit from time to time;
1.1.6
our agreement
, we mean our agreement as defined in clause 2.1;
1.1.7
Privacy Policy
, we mean our privacy policy, full details of which can be found on our Website; https://www.diy.com/customer-support/privacy
1.1.8
Speedy Hire
¸ we mean our third party supplier Speedy Asset Services Limited, a limited company registered in England (company number 06847930) whose registered office is at Chase House, 16 The Parks, Newton Le Willows, Merseyside, WA12 0JQ, who provide certain services on our behalf in relation to orders and Hire Products;
1.1.9
Terms
, we mean these terms and conditions of hire; and
1.1.10
Website
, we mean the website www.diy.com (or such other URL as we may specify from time to time) that is operated by us or on our behalf.
1.2 If you order Hire Products on behalf of a company, organisation or other entity, then (i) you (as defined in clause 1.1.1) includes you and that company, organisation or other entity, and (ii) you represent and warrant that you are authorised to bind the company, organisation or other entity to our agreement (including these Terms), and that you agree to our agreement (including these Terms) on behalf of yourself and the company, organisation or other entity.
1.3 These Terms set out the basis on which we may hire Hire Products to you. Please read these Terms carefully. Subject to clause 3.5, by submitting an order for and/or hiring any Hire Product, you are indicating your acceptance of these Terms and you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not accept these Terms, you will not be able to order or hire any Hire Products from us.
1.4 These Terms are only in the English language. Our agreement will not be filed by us.
1.5 If you view these Terms via our Website, you should print a copy of these Terms or save them to your computing device for future reference.
2 Our agreement
2.1 Each order you place for the hire of Hire Products you make is subject to these Terms and any additional terms that apply to any quote we may give or any promotional or special offers (together our agreement).
2.2 Although Speedy Hire may carry out certain services on our behalf, our agreement is between you and us and not you and Speedy Hire.
3 The order process and formation of the contract between us
3.1 Please see the tool hire page online or point of sale material in-store for information on how to place an order via the Website. You will have an opportunity to check and correct any input errors in your orders via the Website up until the point at which you submit your order by clicking the confirm order and pay (or similar) button on the check out page of our Website. Please carefully check your order at each stage of the order process. Once you have clicked the confirm order and pay (or similar) button, you will need to pay for the Hire Products you have ordered via the Website.
3.2 Your order is an offer to hire from us. When you place an order with us (or otherwise offer to make a hire from us), you do so in accordance with the terms of our agreement, subject to our acceptance of your order (or offer to hire a Hire Product). If you place an order via our Website (or where we have otherwise stated that we will), we will send you an email acknowledging receipt of your order, together with your order number and details of the Hire Products you have hired. Please note this email is an acknowledgement and is not an acceptance of your order.
3.3 Once an order is placed, you will receive a telephone call from Speedy Hire to the number you provided when placing your order on the same working day as the order was placed (being Monday to Friday 7.30am to 5pm but not Bank Holidays) or, if you did not place an order on a working day, on the next working day (Monday to Friday 7.30am - 5pm but not Bank Holidays). Speedy Hire will on our behalf confirm the details and availability of the Hire Product(s), confirm your contact details and delivery address, agree a delivery date and time, and discuss any special delivery instructions.
3.4 Unless we have notified you that we do not accept your order (or offer to hire a Hire Product) or you have cancelled it in accordance with our cancellation policy at clause 12, where you place an order in store or via the Website we accept your order (or offer to hire a Hire Product) when a date and time for delivery has been arranged with Speedy Hire on our behalf and you have received written confirmation from us (or from Speedy Hire on our behalf) setting out this information.
3.5 We may choose not to accept your order (or offer to make a hire) for any reason and we will not be liable to you or to anyone else in those circumstances. If we do not accept your order (whether in whole or in part) we will refund any monies paid in connection with that order (or that part of the order that we do not accept).
3.6 Our agreement is formed when we accept your order (or offer to make a hire). The processing of your payment and acknowledgment of receipt of your order (whether by email, telephone or otherwise) does not constitute legal acceptance of your order.
3.7 If we accept your order, we have a legal duty to supply the Hire Products in conformity with our agreement.
3.8 The hiring of Hire Products in the relevant Hire Period shall form a distinct order which shall be separate to any other order you may place with us relating to other goods you may have purchased to use alongside the Hire Products.
4 Hiring from us
4.1 You must be 18 or over to hire Hire Products from us and you will be required to present your ID to the delivery driver upon delivery of the Hire Products. Certain Hire Products can only be hired if you satisfy the legal age requirement for that Hire Product which can be found in the relevant Hire Product description. We are not allowed by law to supply these Hire Products to you if you do not satisfy these age requirements. If you are underage please do not attempt to order or hire these Hire Products. By ordering and/or hiring Hire Products you agree that you satisfy the legal age requirements for those Hire Products. We reserve the right not to supply any age restricted Hire Products where we reasonably believe that you are below the relevant legal age for those Hire Products. If we do not supply you with Hire Products that you have ordered (whether in whole or in part) we will refund any monies paid in connection with that order (or that part of the order that we do not accept).
4.2 We will take reasonable steps to display as accurately as possible the colour, appearance and other detailing of our Hire Products (and their packaging, if applicable) in the images that appear on the Website and in our catalogues and other media. However, we do not guarantee that the images, appearance and other detailing that appear on the Website and in our catalogues and other media will exactly reflect the colour, appearance or detailing of the physical Hire Product (or its packaging, if applicable). Your Hire Products (and their packaging, if applicable) may vary slightly from those images. If we cannot supply certain a Hire Product we may need to substitute them with an alternative Hire Product of equal or better standard and value.
4.3 Any information on the Website and in our catalogues and other media regarding sizing, weights, capacities, specifications, dimensions and measurements of Hire Products is included as a guide only. If you are concerned about the precise size, weight, capacity, specifications, dimensions or measurements of any Hire Product you require, we recommend that you contact us prior to placing an order and/or hiring a Hire Product. We reserve the right to provide Hire Products similar or comparable to that ordered by you.
4.4 Our employees or agents are not authorised to make any representations concerning the Hire Products unless confirmed in writing (this does not include on our Website or in our catalogues) and any advice or recommendation given by us to you as to the storage, application or use of the Hire Products which is not confirmed in writing (this does not include on our Website or in our catalogues) is followed or acted upon entirely at your own risk.
4.5 You shall obtain and comply with all permissions, consents and licences required for using the Hire Products for your intended purpose under any applicable law. You shall be responsible for compliance with all applicable law and regulations issued by Government or local authorities, including (but not limited to) regulations under the Factories Acts and Health and Safety at Work Act.
5 Price, hire charges and delivery
5.1 Unless otherwise stated, prices for Hire Products are inclusive of applicable sales tax (including VAT) and delivery and collection charges. Sales tax will be applied and will be shown on your invoice at the current applicable rate. Sales tax amounts stated may be subject to rounding variances. The exact amount of sales tax will be shown on the sales tax invoice (where provided). This will not affect the total price inclusive of sales tax.
5.2 We may update prices at any time. Despite our best efforts, a small number of the Hire Products we hire may occasionally be mispriced. If this happens then we will not be obliged to supply the Hire Products at the incorrect price or at all. We will (at our discretion) either cancel your order and refund the price you have paid or endeavour to contact you and ask you whether you wish to continue with the order at the correct price. If we are unable to contact you or you do not wish to continue with the order at the correct price, we will cancel your order and refund the price you have paid.
5.3 From time to time we may apply promotional prices to Hire Products, including Website or in-store only prices. These promotional prices will only apply in the context in which the promotion is given and are subject to the terms of that promotion. For example, Website only prices will not be applicable to in-store orders or hires, and in-store only prices will not be applicable to Website orders or hires. To take advantage of promotional prices, you must quote the relevant promotion code when you order (where applicable). We may update promotions at any time.
5.4 Where we provide a quote to you it will be subject to the terms and conditions applicable to that quote.
5.5 All Hire Products are subject to availability. If you order a Hire Product which is not available, we will cancel your order for that Hire Product and refund the price you have paid for that Hire Product. We will not be liable for any loss suffered by you as a result of the Hire Product being unavailable for hire.
5.6 Any weekend Hire Period is from Friday to Monday only (including Bank Holidays). Any week Hire Period is from seven days starting on any day Monday to Friday (including Bank Holidays). Orders must be placed within 3 working days of your desired Hire Period.
5.7 You will only be able to hire the Hire Products for the Hire Period set out in your order and if you wish to extend your order, you will be required to submit a new order. If you wish to shorten your Hire Period, you can contact Speedy Hire who will seek to arrange for an earlier collection of the Hire Product.
6 Payment
6.1 The total cost of your order is the price of the Hire Products and applicable delivery / collection charges.
6.2 We must receive payment in advance before your order and/or hire can be processed, unless we have agreed otherwise in advance in writing.
6.3 Payment can be made by most major credit or debit cards, and by other online payment methods (including PayPal, Apple Pay and Google Pay) in accordance with the payment methods section of our Website (see “How can I pay when I shop on diy.com?”).
6.4 If you use a credit/debit card to pay for your order, you must use your credit/debit card or a credit/debit card that you are otherwise authorised to use. All credit/debit card holders are subject to validation checks by third parties and authorisation by the card issuer. If the issuer of the card refuses to authorise payment or any other validation checks return adverse results, we will not accept your order and we will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery and we are not obliged to inform you of the reason for the refusal. If you use PayPal to pay for your order and the issuer of the card or the payment provider that operates the account that you use to fund or which is linked with your PayPal account refuses to authorise payment, we reserve the right to reject your order and will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery and we are not obliged to inform you of the reason for the rejection.
6.5 We are not responsible for the card issuer or bank charging the cardholder as a result of our processing of the credit/debit card payment in accordance with your order.
6.6 You are responsible for all orders placed by your authorised employees.
7 Delivery and collection of your hire products
7.1 The following terms will apply to delivery and collection of the Hire Products. We only deliver Hire Products to and collect them from the territories set on the tool hire landing page section of our Website.
7.2 Delivery of your Hire Product will be scheduled with Speedy Hire who will contact you on the same working day that you placed your order (provided your order is placed on a working day – see clause 3.3) or, if you did not place an order on a working day, on the next working day to arrange a date and time for delivery.
7.3 On the day your Hire Period ends, Speedy Hire will contact you in the morning to arrange a time that same day for collection of the Hire Product.
7.4 Subject to availability, where we have agreed to deliver or collect the Hire Products, we will use reasonable endeavours to do so on any specified date and/or time that is agreed. In the case of circumstances beyond our reasonable control (for example, adverse weather conditions, unpredictable delays caused by traffic congestion, road works, diversions or mechanical breakdowns, in each case to the extent beyond our reasonable control) the Hire Products may not be able to be delivered or collected at the specified date and/or time and we will not be liable for any delay or failure to deliver or collect the Hire Products if the delay or failure is wholly or partly caused by such circumstances. In the event that a delivery or collection does not take place, Speedy Hire will call you to agree an alternative date and/or time and, in the case of delivery of Hire Products, your Hire Period will commence on the day of successful delivery or, if no alternative delivery date and/or time is agreed, you may cancel your order and receive a refund.
7.5 You must also do all that you reasonably can to enable the delivery or collection to take place on the given date. If we are unable to deliver or collect the Hire Products as a result of your action or inaction (for example, you are not present at your property), we will need to arrange an alternative delivery / collection date and/or time and we reserve the right to charge you a further fee for this. Speedy Hire will call you to agree an alternative delivery / collection date and/or time. If an alternative delivery date is agreed, this will not change the confirmed end date of the Hire Period. If an alternative delivery date and/or time is not agreed, you will not be entitled to any refund unless you are entitled to cancel our agreement in accordance with clause 12. If an alternative collection date and/or time is not agreed, we reserve the right to take steps to repossess the Hire Products and/or hold you liable for the full replacement cost of the Hire Products.
7.6 You shall provide a suitable access route for delivery and collection of the Hire Products with unrestricted entry and approach, and supply and lay timbers or appropriate temporary foundations in a suitable position for loading and unloading and for the Hire Products to rest on. You shall pay for any lifting or special apparatus required for the siting of the Hire Products.
7.7 For reasons of health and safety and to avoid any property damage, certain Hire Products can only be delivered to and collected from the exterior of a ground floor location at the delivery address. You must therefore make your own arrangements at your own risk if the relevant Hire Products need to be transported from the delivery location or to the collection location. Neither us nor Speedy Hire will provide any unpacking, installation, fitting or waste removal services, unless otherwise agreed with us.
7.8 Hire Products must be signed for on delivery by a person aged 18 or over and you will be required to present your ID to the courier upon acceptance of the Hire Products. If you do not present your ID, we will not be able to complete your order.
7.9 Delivery will be completed when the Hire Products are delivered to the address you specified in your order.
7.10 Collection will be completed when the Hire Products are collected from the address you specified in your order.
7.11 On completion of delivery or collection, you will receive an electronic signed delivery or collection note via email from Speedy Hire. The delivery or collection note will (i) contain your order details, (ii) request you to complete a customer questionnaire regarding the Hire Products, (iii) contain photos of the Hire Products on delivery or collection, and (iv) set out the GPS location of where the relevant details were recorded and the Hire Products delivered or collected.
7.12 If you do not receive your Hire Products on the stated delivery date, your Hire Products are not collected on the stated collection date or the wrong Hire Product is delivered, you must notify Speedy Hire immediately. We recommend that you do not schedule or commence any work until after you have received your ordered Hire Products and checked all of them for any defects or missing parts.
7.13 If you wish to change your delivery date, you can contact Speedy Hire who will amend the delivery date for you, subject to the availability of the Hire Products. If the Hire Products are available on your requested dates, the Hire Period will commence on the new delivery date.
7.14 If you wish to amend your delivery address, you can contact Speedy Hire who will amend the delivery address for you (provided the proposed new address is within the territory to which we deliver Hire Products). However, if a request is made to amend the delivery address, the delivery date and/or time may change as a result and is also subject to the availability of the Hire Products. If the Hire Products are available to deliver to an alternative delivery address but on a different delivery date, the Hire Period will commence on the new delivery date.
8 Risk, ownership and insurance
8.1 Risk in the Hire Products will pass to you immediately when the Hire Products leave the physical possession or control of Speedy Hire at the agreed delivery address.
8.2 Risk in the Hire Products will not pass back until the Hire Product is returned to the physical possession or control of Speedy Hire at the agreed collection address.
8.3 Ownership of the Hire Products remains with Speedy Hire at all times. You have no right, title or interest in the Hire Products except that they are hired to you and used by you strictly in accordance with these Terms.
8.4 You must not deal with the ownership or any interest in the Hire Products. This includes but is not limited to selling, assigning, mortgaging, pledging, charging, securing, hiring, withholding, exerting any right to withhold, parting company with, disposing of and/or lending.
8.5 You must not attach the Hire Products to any land or building so as to cause those Hire Products to become a permanent or immovable fixture on such land or building.
9 Care of hire products
9.1 You shall while the Hire Products are in your possession or control:
9.1.1 not deface or remove any labels from and/or interfere with the Hire Products, their working mechanisms or any other parts of them;
9.1.2 take reasonable care of the Hire Products and keep them properly maintained and only use them for their proper purpose in a safe and correct manner in accordance with any operating and/or safety instructions provided to or supplied to you and any applicable law or regulations (including any Institution of Electrical Engineers (IEE regulations));
9.1.3 notify Speedy Hire on the telephone number stated on your order confirmation immediately and in any event within two working days after any breakdown, loss and/or damage to the Hire Products or of any accident resulting in death, personal injury or damage to property;
9.1.4 take adequate and proper measures to protect the Hire Products from theft, damage and/or other risks;
9.1.5 permit us and Speedy Hire at all reasonable times to inspect the Hire Products including procuring access to any property where the Hire Products are situated;
9.1.6 keep the Hire Products at all times in your possession and control and not remove the Hire Products from the United Kingdom;
9.1.7 be responsible for the conduct of any testing, examinations and/or checks in relation to the Hire Products required by any operating and/or safety instructions provided or supplied to you;
9.1.8 check the calibration and settings of the Hire Products on each occasion before use;
9.1.9 not do or omit to do anything which will or may be deemed to invalidate any policy of insurance related to the Hire Products;
9.1.10 not continue to use Hire Product where it has been damaged; and
9.1.11 where the Hire Product requires fuel, oil and/or electricity ensure that the proper type and/or voltage is used and that, where appropriate, the Hire Product is properly installed by a qualified and competent person.
9.2 You must return the Hire Product in good working order and condition (fair wear and tear excepted) in a clean condition together with all licences, registration and other documents relating to the Hire Product.
9.3 Final determination of the suitability of the Hire Products for your specific use is your responsibility and you must assume all risk and liability in this regard.
10 Faulty products and breakdowns
10.1 On receipt of the Hire Products you must check they match your order. You must notify Speedy Hire on the telephone number stated on your order confirmation as soon as is reasonably possible if:
10.1.1 there is a problem with the Hire Product;
10.1.2 the Hire Product is defective or damaged;
10.1.3 there are missing parts or the Hire Product is not working; or
10.1.4 you are unable to operate the Hire Product.
In addition to the right to cancel an order as described in clause 12, if there is a problem with the Hire Products or they are faulty we may offer a repair, exchange or refund as appropriate in accordance with your consumer rights.
10.2 Unless we advise you otherwise, you shall be responsible for all expenses, loss (including loss of payment) and/or damage suffered by us arising from any breakdown of the Hire Product due to your negligence, failure to follow instructions and/or misuse of the Hire Product or arising from your continued use of the Hire Product after it has suffered a breakdown.
10.3 You must not repair or attempt to repair the Hire Product.
11 Loss or damage to products
11.1 If any Hire Product is returned in a damaged, unclean and/or defective state (except where due to fair wear and tear and/ or an inherent fault in the Hire Product) we reserve the right to hold you liable for the cost of any repair and/or cleaning required to return the Hire Product to a condition fit for re-hire.
11.2 Unless we advise you otherwise, you will be liable to pay to us the replacement cost of any Hire Product (on a new for old basis) which is lost, stolen and/or damaged beyond economic repair during the Hire Period.
11.3 You will pay to us our costs which we may incur in tracking or recovering any lost or stolen Hire Product.
12 Cancellation - Consumer
Clauses 12.1 to 12.13 (inclusive) apply to you only if you are a consumer. If you are a consumer, in addition to the rights set out above , you may have additional rights to cancel our agreement. If a consumer wants to obtain further advice about their right to cancel in the UK they can contact their local authority Trading Standards Department or Citizens' Advice Bureau.
12.1 A consumer has a legal right to change their mind and cancel our agreement within 14 days of receiving an order confirmation ("Cooling-off Period") without giving a reason. This right, under the Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Charges) Regulations 2013 (in the UK), is explained in more detail below.
12.2 You must keep the Hire Products you wish to return in your possession and take reasonable care of the Hire Products at all times while they are in your possession (including as set out in clause 9). This means that you must not use the Hire Products (except to the extent reasonably necessary to inspect and examine them).
12.3 The Cooling-off Period will expire 14 days from the day on which a consumer receives the order confirmation. A consumer may cancel our agreement in respect of all Hire Products or in respect of certain Hire Products or may wish to reduce the number of Hire Products, change a Hire Product for another Hire Product or add a Hire Product to the order. Where a consumer hires multiple Hire Products under our agreement and the consumer wishes to cancel their order for any of the Hire Products individually or in combination, the consumer must be clear that it is either the whole order or an individual Hire Product that is being cancelled.
12.4 If the Hire Period stated in your order will start within the Cooling-off Period you expressly agree that we can deliver the Hire Products to you and the Hire Period will start within the Cooling-off Period.
12.5 If the Hire Period has finished within the Cooling-off Period you cease to have a statutory right to cancel our agreement.
12.6 To exercise the right to cancel, a consumer may inform us by
12.6.1 calling us on 0333 0143357 (lines are open 8am to 8pm weekdays, 8am to 8pm Saturday and 10am to 4pm Sunday), e-mailing us at home.delivery@b-and-q.co.uk, or writing to us at B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom; or
12.6.2 making any other clear statement.
A consumer may also use the following model cancellation form to do this but they are not required to do so:
Model Cancellation Form
To: B&Q Limited Address: B&Q Customer Services, B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom Email address:
home.delivery@b-and-q.co.uk
.
I/We(*) hereby give notice that I/We(*) cancel from my/our (*) contract of hire of the following goods(*)/for the provision of the following service*,
Ordered on(*) / received on(*)
Name of consumer(s),
Address of consumer(s),
Signature of consumer (only if this form is notified on paper)
Date
(*) Please delete if not applicable
12.7 Subject to clauses 12.4 and 12.5, to meet the cancellation deadline it is sufficient for a consumer to send their communication concerning the exercise of their right to cancel before the Cooling-off Period has expired.
12.8 We will send a consumer an acknowledgement of receipt of their notice to cancel by email or confirm if you do not have a right to cancel.
12.9 In the event the Hire Products have been delivered within the Cooling-off Period and then the consumer wishes to cancel the hire of the Hire Product before the end of the Hire Period or the consumer wishes to cancel the order on the agreed delivery date the consumer will be able to cancel the order and the Hire Products will be collected on the agreed date or not delivered in accordance with these Terms (as applicable).
12.10 We will reimburse a consumer without undue delay, and not later than 14 days after the day:
12.10.1 the relevant Hire Product is collected from the consumer where the Hire Products have been delivered; or
12.10.2 on which we are informed about the consumer's decision to cancel our agreement.
Refund payments
12.11 Following cancellation, we will refund a consumer the price paid for the cancelled order (or part of the order cancelled), less:
12.11.1 any collection or return costs or charges (if any); and
12.11.2 if cancellation is made within the Hire Period a proportionate amount of the price based on the number of days for which you had possession of the Hire Products (ending on the time we are informed of your decision to cancel).
12.12 Where a consumer cancels their entire order prior to delivery, we will also refund the standard delivery charges paid (if any). Where a consumer cancels part of an order, we may recalculate any applicable delivery charge and deduct this from the refund.
12.13 If you paid for your order using a credit/debit card, we will refund you on the credit/debit card used to pay for the order; if you paid for your order using a gift card, we will issue a credit note for the amount of the refund. If you paid for your order using an online payment service (such as PayPal, Apple Pay or Google Pay), we will refund you on the account or using the online payment method you used to pay for the order, unless we agree otherwise with you.
12.14 We reserve the right to make a deduction from the amount of any refund for loss in value of the Hire Products returned where the Hire Products show signs of unreasonable use; for these purposes, unreasonable use includes handling the Hire Products beyond what is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the Hire Products, in particular, if it goes beyond the sort of handling that might reasonably be allowed in a shop. Where you are in possession of the Hire Products, we may withhold any refund until we have collected the Hire Products.
YOUR CONSUMER RIGHTS ARE NOT AFFECTED
13 Liability
If you are acting as a consumer
13.1 If you are acting as a consumer (which for these purposes means anyone who acts outside the course of a business, trade or profession) in your ordering and/or hiring of Hire Products, to the extent not prohibited by law, we accept no liability for any:
13.1.1 loss which is not foreseeable (loss is foreseeable if it was an obvious consequence of our breach or if it was contemplated by you and us at the time you and we entered into our agreement);
13.1.2 loss which arises when we are not at fault or in breach of our agreement; and
13.1.3 business loss (which includes loss of profits, loss of business, contracts, goodwill, business opportunity and other similar losses).
13.2 If you are acting as a consumer, you may have certain legal rights regarding claims in respect of losses caused by our negligence or failure to carry out our obligations. Nothing in our agreement is intended to limit your legal rights as a consumer. For further information about your legal rights, you can contact your local authority Trading Standards Department or Citizens Advice Bureau.
If you are acting as a business customer
13.3 If you are acting in the course of a business, trade or profession in your ordering and/or hiring of Hire Products (a business customer), we shall have no liability to compensate you (whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty or otherwise), other than any refund we make under our agreement or otherwise at our discretion.
13.4 Without prejudice to clause 13.3, if you are acting as a business customer in your ordering and/or hiring of Hire Products, we accept no liability (whether arising in contract, tort (including negligence), for breach of statutory duty or otherwise) for any of the following losses:
13.4.1 loss of profits, revenue, sales, income, or business;
13.4.2 loss of savings;
13.4.3 loss of use or production;
13.4.4 loss of goodwill;
13.4.5 business interruption;
13.4.6 subject to clause 10, remedial costs if the Hire Products are damaged or defective;
13.4.7 damage to property or possessions through use or misuse of the Hire Products;
13.4.8 loss caused by delay or other late performance; and
13.4.9 indirect or consequential losses.
13.5 If you are acting as a business customer in your ordering and/or hiring of Hire Products, you acknowledge and agree that all our obligations to you are set out in our agreement.
13.6 If you are acting as a business customer in your ordering and/or hiring of Hire Products, except as set out in our agreement, all other terms, warranties, representations and conditions implied by statute, common law or otherwise (including fitness for purpose) are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
13.7 Subject to clause 13.8, we will not be responsible to you or, if you are undertaking work for another person, to any other person, for the use or installation of any Hire Products by you (or on your behalf). Accordingly, as a business customer, you hereby agree to hold us harmless, and indemnify us, against any liability associated with any claim or allegation that we are responsible for any failings in the installation or use of Hire Products that we supply.
Liability provisions which apply whether you act as a consumer or business customer
13.8 Nothing in our agreement limits or excludes our liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, death or personal injury caused by our negligence or for any other liability which cannot be limited or excluded by law.
13.9 Our Website, catalogues and other media may contain information and materials created and submitted by third parties, and, subject to clause 13.8, we exclude liability for all losses arising from any error, omission or inaccuracy in any such information and material.
14 Our rights to cancel
We may cancel our agreement by notice in writing to you if you are in breach of our agreement, you become unable to pay your debts when they fall due or proceedings are or are reasonably likely to be commenced by or against you alleging bankruptcy or insolvency or an administrator, receiver or administrative receiver is appointed or is reasonably likely to be appointed over all or part of your undertaking and assets. Upon cancellation, any money due to us in respect of our agreement which has been cancelled shall become immediately due and payable and we shall be under no further obligation to supply the Hire Products to you, provided that where you have paid for Hire Products in advance of our cancellation of our agreement, we shall cancel the supply of those Hire Products and refund you the price paid for those Hire Products.
15 Events beyond our control
Save as may be set out in these Terms, we shall have no liability to you for any failure or delay in supply or delivery, nor if performance of any of our obligations is prevented or restricted, nor for any damage or defect to Hire Products supplied or delivered under our agreement, in each case that is caused by any event or circumstance beyond our reasonable control (including, without limitation, the following to the extent these are outside our reasonable control: accidents, extreme weather conditions, fire, explosion, flood, storm, earthquake, natural disaster, failure of telecommunications networks, inability to use transport networks, acts of God, terrorist attack, war, civil commotion, riots, strikes, lockouts and other industrial disputes, acts or restraints of Government, and imposition of restrictions on imports or exports).
16 Your information
16.1 In the course of our dealings with you we will collect and process personal information about you, including to administer and process your order, and to provide the Hire Products. Further information on the manner in which we process personal information is set out in our Privacy Policy, a copy of which is available on our Website.
https://www.diy.com/customer-support/privacy
16.2 Calls to our contact centre may be monitored and/or recorded for quality control and training purposes.
17 Complaints
17.1 If you make a complaint, we will endeavour to keep you informed either by telephone or email at each stage of the complaints handling process and will endeavour to fully resolve your complaint as soon as possible.
18 Contacting us and you
18.1 If you have any questions, complaints or concerns with respect to your order or these Terms, please contact us as follows:
18.1.1 by telephone: on 0333 0143357 (lines are open 8am to 8pm weekdays, 8am to 8pm Saturday and 10am to 4pm Sunday);
18.1.2 by email at: home.delivery@b-and-q.co.uk; or
18.1.3 by post at: B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom.
18.2 Any formal legal notices should be sent to B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom, marked for the attention of the Company Secretary of B&Q Limited.
18.3 If we have to contact you or give you notice in writing, we will do so by email or by hand or by pre-paid post to the address you provide to us in your order or we otherwise hold for you.
19 Governing law and venue for disputes
19.1 Subject to clause 19.2, you and we agree that our agreement is governed by the law of England and Wales and that any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with our agreement (including non- contractual disputes or claims) will only be dealt with by the courts of England and Wales.
19.2 Regardless of clause 19.1, you and we agree that if you are a consumer (as defined in clause 13.1) resident in a part of the United Kingdom other than England and Wales, the law of that part of the United Kingdom will apply to our agreement and any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with our agreement (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be dealt with by the courts located there, provided that, where we are allowed to do so by law, we may bring a claim against you in the courts of England and Wales.
20 Alternative dispute resolution
20.1 If we have been unable to resolve your complaint for you, you may wish to use our alternative dispute resolution service. B&Q Limited is a registered full member of The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman (“FHIO”) in the UK.
20.2 The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman is approved by the UK government to provide alternative dispute resolution services, ensuring that you have complete peace of mind when buying or hiring products and services from us. Although the FHIO is based in the UK the alternative dispute resolution services are available to our customers in all jurisdictions.
20.3 To find out more about the Furniture Ombudsman please visit www.fhio.org. Before going through the dispute resolution process please contact our Customer Service Team at OnlineDisputeResolution@b-and- q.co.uk who will try and resolve the issue for you in the first instance.
21 Other important terms
21.1 If any provision of our agreement (including any provision in which we exclude or limit our liability to you) is found to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, the validity of the other provisions of our agreement and the remainder of the provision in question shall not be affected.
21.2 No person other than you and us shall have any rights to enforce our agreement, whether under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties Act) 1999 (if based in England and Wales) or otherwise.
21.3 If we fail to insist that you perform any of your obligations under our agreement, or if we do not enforce our rights against you, or if we delay in doing so, that will not mean that we have waived our rights against you and will not mean that you do not have to comply with those obligations. If we do waive a default by you, we will only do so in writing, and that will not mean that we will automatically waive any later default by you.
21.4 You may not assign or transfer your rights or obligations under our agreement, unless we agree in writing.
21.5 Before working with electricity, gas or water you should always consult an appropriate professional electrician or plumber with appropriate qualifications and accreditations (for example, Gas Safe or registered Gas Installer registered). Always read and follow any relevant manuals and safety instructions. When working with electricity always turn off the mains.
21.6 Asbestos may be found in some older properties. If you have any concerns about the presence of asbestos you should seek advice from a licensed asbestos company.
21.7 In connection with building work, we cannot advise on planning permission or building regulation issues. You are responsible for obtaining all necessary planning permission and local authority consents and permissions (and all other relevant consents and permissions) for any work to be carried out and allowing us or our agent to inspect these prior to the commencement of work.
21.8 We may update, vary and amend these Terms from time to time without prior notice. Each time you order or otherwise hire a Hire Product from us, the Terms in force at that time will apply (as set out on our Website or available in store). Please check in store or on our Website to ensure that you understand which Terms apply.
These Terms were last updated on 21 December 2023.
Tool hire price match
B&Q will match the price for Tool Hire when hired from a B&Q store against those from HSS, Travis Perkins & Jewson.
The products must be of the same specification and perform the same function. You will need to provide us with evidence of the competitor’s price in order that our colleagues can check the price at the point you place your order in store.
Price match is against the total hire price of the tool, including VAT, delivery and collection and excludes consumables, deposits, accessories and/or safety equipment (whether required or not). The competitors’ products must be available at the lower price for the same period of hire that the products are being hired from us.
We will need to be able to confirm that they are available on the dates required and that they are available at that price to the general public, or where a trade account is required the price must be generally available to all trade members holding an account with that competitor. Price match only applies when hiring products from a B&Q store and not from
diy.com
or
TradePoint.co.uk
.
We do not price match against competitors’ promotions/discounted products, offers involving vouchers or discount codes, staff or any other discount cards cannot be used in conjunction with a price match. For Tradepoint Members who have loyalty discount this will apply on top of the total hire price.
Guarantee terms & conditions – Refurbished products
This guarantee is offered by B&Q Limited, B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandlers Ford Eastleigh, S053 3LE.
At B&Q we take special care to check and grade our refurbished items to ensure these products will continue to be useful. As such we offer a “12 Month” Guarantee starting from the date of purchase, whether bought in store, delivered or bought online. The guarantee period applies from the first date of purchase or delivery where purchased on-line of the refurbished product. Any replacement product issued under this guarantee will be covered under this guarantee for the duration of the remaining term of the guarantee.
1 Conditions of the guarantee
All claims must be supported with the original receipt or other reasonable proof of purchase.
Each Guarantee covers product failures and malfunctions provided that the refurbished product was used for the purpose for which it is intended, and subject to installation, cleaning, care and maintenance in accordance with standard practice and with the information contained above and in the user manual (if a user manual is provided with the product).
2 What is not covered
The Guarantee does not cover defects and damage caused by normal wear and tear of the product or damage that could be the result of improper use, faulty installation or assembly, neglect, accident or modification of the product. Each Guarantee is limited to parts recognised as defective. It does not, in any case, cover ancillary costs (movement, labour) and direct and indirect damage.
If the refurbished product is defective during the guarantee period, we reserve the right, at our discretion, to replace the refurbished product with a product of equivalent quality and functionality or to provide a refund.
This guarantee only applies to the country of purchase or delivery and is not transferrable to any other countries.
This guarantee is non-transferrable to any other person or product. Relevant local law will apply to this guarantee.
This guarantee is in addition to and does not affect your statutory rights.
3 How to make a claim under the guarantee
Guarantee related queries should be addressed to a store affiliated with the distributor from which you purchased the refurbished product. You will be asked for a copy of your original receipt or other reasonable proof of purchase.
Distributors
: B&Q Limited, B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandlers Ford, Hants, SO53 3LE United Kingdom
www.diy.com
.
B&Q Digital Services (Including B&Q website and app) terms and use
This page contains
AT SECTION A, GENERAL TERMS OF USE WHICH APPLY TO ALL OF OUR DIGITAL SERVICES (AS DEFINED BELOW); AND
AT SECTION B, ADDITIONAL TERMS OF USE WHICH APPLY TO OUR UK WEBSITE (AS DEFINED BELOW) ONLY.
IN THE EVENT OF ANY CONFLICT BETWEEN THE ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR THE UK WEBSITE SET OUT AT SECTION B, AND THE GENERAL TERMS SET OUT AT SECTION A, THE ADDITIONAL TERMS SET OUT AT SECTION B SHALL PREVAIL.
Introduction
In these Terms of Use, references to
we
,
us
or
our
(or words of similar import) means B&Q Limited, a limited company registered in England (company number: 00973387), whose registered office is B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire SO53 3LE, United Kingdom. Our VAT registration number is GB 232 5555 75 (this includes B&Q stores, and GoodHome by B&Q stores, which are both trading names of B&Q Limited).
In these Terms of Use, references to
you
means the person accessing and using our Digital Services (as defined below). If you use our Digital Services on behalf of a company, organisation or other entity, then (i) you includes you and that company, organisation or other entity, and (ii) you represent and warrant that you are authorised to bind the company, organisation or other entity to these Terms of Use, and that you agree to these Terms of Use on behalf of yourself and the company, organisation or other entity.
www.diy.com
(the
UK Website
) , together with the websites at the following URLs:
https://www.diy.com/diy/ireland/
, (each a Website and together the Websites) are operated by us. These Terms of Use set out the basis on which you may make use of our Websites and our software and web-based applications (together, our Digital Services). By accessing and using our Digital Services, you are indicating your acceptance of these Terms of Use and you agree to comply with them. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you may not use our Digital Services.
The supply of any goods, products or services you order through our Digital Services is subject to the applicable Terms and Conditions of Sale and Supply & Install Terms and any other relevant terms and conditions. Please note that product pricing on our Digital Services software and web-based applications may reflect the purchase price as advertised on our Websites, which may include any promotional offer(s) already taken into account.
We will use your personal information that we collect through our Digital Services in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to change these Terms of Use from time to time without prior notice by changing them on our Website. The Terms of Use applicable to your use of our Digital Services will be those in force at the time you access the Digital Services.
SECTION A: General Terms of Use
1 Accessing our Digital Services
We do not guarantee that the Digital Services will operate continuously or without interruptions or be error-free. You must not attempt to interfere with the proper working of our Digital Services and, in particular, you must not attempt to circumvent security, tamper with, hack into, or otherwise disrupt our Digital Services or any computer system, server, router or any other internet-connected device associated with our Digital Services. You must not misuse our Digital Services by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attack our Digital Services via a denial-of-service attack, a distributed denial-of service attack or otherwise.
You are responsible for ensuring that your computer system or device meets all relevant technical specifications necessary to use our Digital Services and is compatible with our Digital Services. You also understand that we cannot and do not guarantee or promise that any content on our Digital Services (including Material (as defined below)) will be free from infection, viruses and/or other code that has contaminating or destructive properties. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and virus checks (including anti-virus and other security checks) to satisfy your particular requirements for the safety and reliability of data input and output.
From time to time, we may restrict access to certain features or parts of our Digital Services, or the entirety of our Digital Services. If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms of Use.
We reserve the right, in our discretion, to withdraw, suspend or modify our Digital Services or certain features or parts of our Digital Services with or without notice to you. There may also be times when our Digital Services or certain features or parts of our Digital Services become unavailable, whether on a scheduled or unscheduled basis. You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any withdrawal, suspension, modification, unavailability, inaccessibility or discontinuance of our Digital Services or any service available on or through our Digital Services.
2 Using our Digital Services
You must not use our Digital Services for any activities that breach any laws, infringe any person's rights, or breach any standards, content requirements or codes published by any relevant authority. You must use our Digital Services and the information available from our Digital Services responsibly. You must not use our Digital Services or the information available from our Digital Services for or in connection with any unlawful, immoral or anti-social purpose, or in a manner which is or may be damaging to our name or reputation.
You must not use our Digital Services in any way that interferes with our systems, other users or harasses, menaces or harms anyone.
You must not use our Digital Services to make any speculative, false or fraudulent orders.
3 Intellectual property rights
Our Digital Services consist of images, illustrations, graphics, video sequences, sounds, text, photographs, tools (including calculators and planners), formats and styles of presentation, software (including HTML code) and material analogous to it, and other content (collectively,
Material
). All copyright, moral ownership and other intellectual property rights in our Digital Services and the Material (and derivatives of it) are either owned exclusively by or are licensed to us or one of our affiliates.
Except as expressly set out in these Terms of Use, nothing in these Terms of Use shall give you any rights in respect of any intellectual property owned by us, our affiliates or our licensors. You must not assert or attempt to obtain any such rights.
You acknowledge our (and our affiliates') rights to the Material. Save as provided elsewhere in these Terms of Use, you must not use, copy, reproduce, modify, manipulate, transmit, distribute, perform, publish, display, participate in the transfer or sale of, license or create derivative works from, or in any way exploit, Material accessed through our Digital Services. Where copying or transmission is expressly permitted, you must display an appropriate author attribution or copyright notice. You may use, and download and print extracts from, our Digital Services for your own personal use only to the extent necessary to utilise our Digital Services and the services offered through them. If you are a TradePoint customer, you may also use, and download and print extracts from, our Digital Services solely to the extent necessary to utilise our Digital Services and the services offered through it to provide services to your customers, provided the Digital Services have been provided by us for this purpose – if you are unsure if this is the case, please contact us. No right, title or interest in any downloaded Material is transferred to you. You may not make any other use of our Digital Services or Material on our Digital Services. Except as expressly set out in these Terms of Use, you are not allowed to copy (whether by printing onto paper, storing on disk or any other way), distribute (including distributing copies), tamper with or alter in any way or otherwise use any Material contained in our Digital Services.
Except as expressly set out in these Terms of Use, you are not allowed to copy or use any Material on our Digital Services for any commercial purpose.
You are not allowed to remove any copyright, trade mark or other intellectual property notices or watermark contained in the original Material or from any Material copied or printed from our Digital Services.
The rights granted to you under these Terms of Use shall terminate immediately upon your breach of any of these Terms of Use, and you must (at our option) return or destroy any copies of the Materials you have made.
Our Digital Services also contain certain of B&Q Limited's (or an affiliated company's) trade marks (whether granted or applied for), graphics, logos and service names (collectively,
Devices
). The Devices are owned exclusively by us or the affiliated company and may not be copied or reproduced in any format (save as expressly provided elsewhere in these Terms of Use), or used in connection with any product or service without our prior written consent. All other trade marks not owned by us or our affiliated companies that appear on our Digital Services are the property of their respective owners, who may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by us or our affiliated companies and you must not use those trade marks without the permission of the respective owners.
4 User generated content
Certain features of our Digital Services may allow you to upload and publish materials, images, photographs, content and information to our Digital Services, create bespoke materials or designs, and/or save customised content (collectively,
User Content
). Where you upload, publish or otherwise store User Content through our Digital Services you are responsible for ensuring that you have any and all necessary rights, licences and permissions to use that User Content.
We will not be responsible for any use of information, materials or content not provided by us. We reserve the right to remove or modify any User Content for any reason, including User Content that we believe violates these Terms.
Any User Content you upload to our Digital Services will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and you grant us the right to use, copy, host, distribute and disclose to third parties the User Content. We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any User Content posted or uploaded by you to our Digital Services constitutes a violation of their rights (including their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy).
Without limiting the preceding paragraph, the User Content provided by you may be used: (i) to provide our services and/or goods to you; (ii) to help us develop and improve our Digital Services; and (iii) for the purpose of performing business and data analysis, and you grant us the right to use, copy, host, distribute and disclose to third parties the User Content for these purposes.
The views expressed by other users on our Digital Services do not represent our views or values.
Any designs, plans or other similar materials created by you using our Digital Services will be owned by us and may only be used by you in connection with your use of the Digital Services in the manner permitted by these Terms of Use, a quotation or order for goods and/or services from us and/or the provision of goods and/or services by us to you. You assign to us all right, title and interest (including any intellectual property rights) in and to any designs, plans or other similar materials created by you using our Digital Services (and agree to sign any document at our request and our reasonable expense to give effect to this assignment) and you waive all moral rights in and to those designs, plans and materials.
5 Accuracy of information
Our Digital Services are updated regularly, and content may change without notice. We are under no obligation to keep the Material up to date, and you acknowledge that it may be out of date at any given time. Material on our Digital Services is not intended to amount to advice or authority on which reliance should be placed. We make no promise and give no assurance that any information is accurate, complete or up to date. To the extent permitted by law, we accept no liability or responsibility for any loss, damage or injury arising as a consequence of any reliance placed upon the Material, whether by a user of our Digital Services or by anyone who may be informed of their contents.
The Material should not be relied upon as advice or as the sole source of information on how to complete a task. Before commencing any DIY task please: assess the risks associated with what you are about to do – taking any necessary precautions; and read and follow all manufacturers' and safety instructions relating to the equipment, products or task you are about to use or carry out. If you are in any doubt, please stop and seek advice from a professional.
6 On screen video guides, how to manuals and live chat
Without limiting the provisions of the section entitled Accuracy of information, our Digital Services may from time to time contain film Video Guides, How to Manuals and other guides (collectively,
Guides
) that are provided for general information and background purposes only. The Guides should not be relied upon as advice or as the sole source of information on how to complete a task.
We may also offer live chat functionality via our Digital Services, where you can raise questions directly with our employees. We do not guarantee that our employees will be able to answer all the questions that you may raise and this functionality should not be treated as the sole source of information on how to complete a task.
Before commencing any DIY task please: assess the risks associated with what you are about to do – taking any necessary precautions; and read and follow all manufacturers' and safety instructions relating to the equipment, products or task you are about to use or carry out. If you are in any doubt, please stop and seek advice from a professional.
The tasks shown in the Guides should not be attempted by anyone under the age of 18 or who is inexperienced in DIY. Some tasks (for example, tasks involving gas) should only be carried out by qualified professionals.
To the extent permitted by law, B&Q and the Federation of Master Builders Limited (a company limited by guarantee registered in England (company no: 368163), whose registered office is Star House, Star Hill, Rochester, Kent, ME1 1UX, United Kingdom) each accept no liability for any loss, damage or injury arising as a consequence of any reliance placed upon the Guides, whether by a user of our Digital Services or by anyone who may be informed of their contents. You and we agree that the Federation of Master Builders Limited may rely on the preceding term of these Terms of Use, but that we can vary and terminate these Terms of Use in accordance with the provisions of these Terms of Use without the consent of the Federation of Master Builders Limited.
In relation to the Video Guides, all references are correct at the time of filming.
7 Links to and from our Digital Services
We are a member of the Kingfisher Group of companies; for more information on the Kingfisher Group please visit:
www.kingfisher.com
. We may from time to time establish links to the websites of other Kingfisher Group companies through our Digital Services. Your use of those websites is subject to the terms of use and policies available on those websites.
From time to time we may also establish relationships with third parties that will enable you to access the websites of such third parties directly through our Digital Services. Where our Digital Services contain links to other websites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those websites or resources, and accept no responsibility or liability for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. The inclusion of these hyperlinks does not imply any endorsement of the material on such sites or any association with their operators.
You may not link from another internet site to any page on or part of our Digital Services without our prior written consent and after entering into such agreement as we may require. We are not responsible for external websites that link to our Digital Services.
8 Liability
If you are acting as a consumer
If you are acting as a consumer (as determined by applicable law) in your use of our Digital Services, to the extent not prohibited by law, we accept no liability for any:
loss which is not foreseeable (loss is foreseeable if it was an obvious consequence of our breach or if it was contemplated by you and us at the time you started to use our Digital Services);
loss which arises when we are not at fault or in breach of these Terms of Use; and
business loss (which includes loss of profits, loss of business, contracts, goodwill, business opportunity and other similar losses).
If you are acting as a consumer, you may have certain legal rights regarding claims in respect of losses caused by our negligence or failure to carry out our obligations. Nothing in these Terms of Use is intended to limit your legal rights as a consumer. For further information about your legal rights you can contact your local authority Trading Standards Department or Citizens Advice Bureau.
If you are acting as a business user (including TradePoint customers)
If you are acting in the course of a business, trade or profession (including TradePoint customers) in your use of our Digital Services (
a business user
), we accept no liability (whether arising in tort (including negligence), contract, for breach of statutory duty or otherwise) and offer no promises or assurances in relation to our Digital Services or their content (including the Material), to the fullest extent such liability, promises and assurances can be excluded by law, and to the fullest extent permitted by law, all promises, assurances and other terms implied by law are excluded. For the avoidance of doubt, we shall have no liability to compensate you in relation to your use of our Digital Services or their content (whether arising in tort (including negligence), contract, for breach of statutory duty or otherwise), except for any refund we make under any other agreement between us or otherwise at our discretion.
If you are acting as a business user in your use of our Digital Services, without prejudice to the preceding paragraph, we accept no liability (whether arising in tort (including negligence), contract, for breach of statutory duty or otherwise) for any of the following losses:
loss of data, loss of revenue, sales, income or profits, loss of business, loss of opportunity, loss of use or production, business interruption, loss of contracts, goodwill or reputation (in each case whether direct or indirect); or
any indirect or consequential loss.
If you are acting as a business user in your use of our Digital Services, you will indemnify us from and against all actions, claims, suits, demands, liabilities, losses, costs and expenses arising out of, or in any way connected with, use of our Digital Services by you or any other person using your login information.
Liability provisions that apply whether you act as a consumer or business user
We will not be liable to you where performance of any of our obligations is prevented or restricted by any circumstance or cause beyond our reasonable control.
We will not be liable for the accuracy and suitability of (i) design tools (including calculators and planners) on our Digital Services and (ii) designs, plans or other similar materials created using our Digital Services or the design tools hosted on our Digital Services. We recommend that you have a survey, whether carried out by us or a third party, before carrying out any work based on such design tool, designs, plans or similar materials. You (or your installer if you have engaged one) must ensure that any goods (including their dimensions and quantity) and/or services that you purchase based on such design tools, designs, plans or similar materials are appropriate for your project.
Nothing in these Terms of Use excludes or limits our liability for (i) death or personal injury caused by our negligence, (ii) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, and (iii) any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
9 Contacting us
To contact us (including to discuss any complaint), please see our
Contact Us
page on the Website. Any formal legal notices should be sent to us at the postal address specified in the Introduction section of these Terms of Use, marked for the attention of the Company Secretary of B&Q Limited.
10 Other important terms
Failure by us to enforce a right does not result in waiver of such right.
Each of the provisions of these Terms of Use operates separately. If any provision (or part of any provision) (including any terms in which we exclude or limit our liability to you) is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable: (i) that provision (or part-provision) will, to the extent required, be excluded from forming part of these Terms of Use; and (ii) the remaining provisions will be unaffected and will remain in full force and effect.
You may not assign or transfer your rights or obligations under these Terms of Use. Except as expressly stated, a person who is not a party to these Terms of Use shall not have any rights under or in connection with these Terms of Use by virtue of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 or otherwise.
Subject to the following paragraph, you and we agree that these Terms of Use are governed by the law of England and Wales and that any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Use (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will only be dealt with by the courts of England and Wales.
Regardless of the above paragraph, you and we agree that if:
you are a consumer (as defined in the Liability section) resident in a part of the United Kingdom other than England and Wales, the law of that part of the United Kingdom will apply to these Terms of Use and any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Use (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be dealt with by the courts located there;
you are a consumer (as defined in the Liability section) resident in Éire, Irish law applies to these Terms of Use and any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Use (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be dealt with by the Irish courts;
you are a consumer (as defined in the Liability section) resident in Jersey, Jersey law applies to these Terms of Use and any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Use (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be dealt with by the Jersey courts; and
you are a consumer (as defined in the Liability section) resident in Guernsey, Guernsey law applies to these Terms of Use and any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Use (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be dealt with by the Guernsey courts,
provided that, where we are allowed to do so by law, we may bring a claim against you in the English courts.
SECTION B: UK Website Additional Terms of Use
The following additional Terms of Use apply to your use of the UK Website only.
The UK Website allows you to make purchases from a variety of sellers, including sellers other than us (
Third Party Sellers
). Please note that we are not a party to any contract you enter into with a Third Party Seller (
Third Party Seller Contract
) which is between you and that Third Party Seller.
The UK Website introduces and links Third Party Sellers with you and provides Third Party Sellers with the opportunity to sell their products to you directly using the UK Website.
Accordingly, you acknowledge that:
the conclusion of a transaction is an offer by you to enter into a contract with the Third Party Seller which, when accepted, will result in a direct contract between the Third Party Seller and you and the formation of a Third Party Seller Contract;
we give no warranties or representations about Third Party Sellers;
we are not a party to any Third Party Seller Contract and shall have no liability under any Third Party Seller Contract. When an order is submitted by you, the Third Party Seller (as principal) authorises us to act, and we hereby shall act, as agent in the name of and on behalf of the Third Party Seller to accept such order in accordance with our applicable terms with Third Party Sellers;
you must comply in full with the terms of each Third Party Seller Contract; and
payment made by you pursuant to a Third Party Seller Contract shall be sent to the payment service provider and in such circumstances, we are acting as agent in the name of and on behalf of the Third Party Seller only.
The Third Party Seller is responsible for all products they list on the UK Website, including in relation to the safety and suitability of such products and their compliance with all applicable product regulations.
All communications between you and the Third Party Seller must be made using the communication tools made available via the UK Website, except for communications in relation to warranty registration or warranty claims which may be carried out between you and a Third Party Seller directly.
The Third Party Seller shall be responsible for delivering any products purchased from Third Party Sellers by you.
11 Notice and takedown
In adding content to the UK Website, we ask that Third Party Sellers make every effort to ensure Material does not infringe any person’s rights. However, we recognise that Material published on the UK Website may inadvertently include copyrighted material, contain sensitive personal data, or include content that may be regarded as obscene or defamatory.
If you believe that any Material on the UK Website infringes copyright, or if you believe Material on the website to be obscene or defamatory, please contact us via our
Contact Us
page. To put us on notice of the infringing content you must provide us with (as a minimum):
your full name and address;
details of the location of the information in question; and
details of the unlawful nature of the activity or information in question.
Upon receipt of a notice containing the information set out above, we will consider the information provided and, if appropriate, remove the material in question from the UK Website.
12 Disputes
Any purchases you make on the UK Website for which we are seller will be governed by our terms of sale (available here). Any purchases you make on the UK Website for which the seller is a Third Party Seller (rather than us) will be governed by the terms of sale applicable to third party sellers,
available here.
If you have a dispute with a Third Party Seller, we recommend that you work directly with that Third Party Seller to try and resolve the dispute in the first instance.
If you and the Third Party Seller are unable to resolve your dispute, we will assist in resolving the dispute as set out below.
We may ask you to provide details of the issue, including:
the date you entered into the Third Party Seller Contract;
the products which are being provided under the Third Party Seller Contract;
the information supplied about the products you have purchased on the UK Website, including any description(s) and image(s) of the products; and
how you and the Third Party Seller have attempted to resolve the dispute.
We may ask you and the Third Party Seller to provide us with further details of the issue, which may include all or some of the information set out above.
If the Third Party Seller has engaged in communication with you and the situation cannot be resolved, you acknowledge and agree that:
we will read through the full communication between the Third Party Seller and you to assess the situation;
for products from a particular Third Party Seller in an order which, in aggregate, are priced up to and including £50.00 (excluding any applicable VAT), we may make an automatic decision to resolve the situation and, if so, we will inform the Third Party Seller and you of such resolution. The resolution can include paying you a full refund; and
for products from a particular Third Party Seller in an order which, in aggregate, are priced above £50.00 (excluding any applicable VAT), the issue will be escalated to the applicable account manager who will assess the issue, contact the Third Party Seller and discuss and propose a solution. If we fail to get a response from the Third Party Seller within 24 hours of such contact, we reserve the right to resolve the dispute regardless of the price of the item. We might request the Third Party Seller to provide evidence of (by way of example only) delivery of the relevant product (e.g. carrier confirmation of delivery) and/or return pick up of the item. The Third Party Seller is responsible for providing evidence and acknowledges that if the Third Party Seller fails to do so, we are likely to decide to resolve the issue in favour of you. We will use reasonable endeavours to resolve any dispute within 72 hours of the Third Party Seller or you providing the required evidence (as required by us).
We will not be acting as an arbitrator in relation to any dispute between you and a Third Party Seller and either party to a dispute will be entitled to pursue legal action at any time.
13 Refunds
All refunds in relation to products purchased by you from Third Party Sellers shall be in accordance with the
Terms of Sale
and any information included in the listing.
14 Liability
If you make a purchase on the UK Website and the seller is a Third Party Seller:
in no event shall we be liable to you for any loss or damage that you suffer under or in connection with any Third Party Seller Contract.
whilst we may attempt to help resolve disputes between you and a Third Party Seller in accordance with these Terms of Use, we are not a party to such disputes. In no event shall we be liable to you for any loss or damage that you suffer as a result of or in connection with a dispute with a Third Party Seller.
These Terms of Use were last updated March 2022.
Supply & install terms & conditions
These terms are for B&Q retail customers
THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS WILL APPLY TO YOUR ORDER. PLEASE MAKE SURE THAT YOU READ THEM CAREFULLY BEFORE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT.
WE DRAW YOUR ATTENTION TO YOUR CANCELLATION RIGHTS IN CLAUSE 11 AND THE LIMITS OF OUR LIABILITY IN CLAUSE 15.
1 Words used in these Terms
"Customer Advisor" means a member of the B&Q staff, who is not a qualified tradesman, who produces a Plan for you or assists you with the production of a Plan.
"Delivery Terms" means the terms that apply to our Product delivery services, full details of which can be found in store and on our Website.
"Estimate" means an estimated price for Products and/or Services. It is not part of the Order and cannot be accepted by you.
"Order" means your order for the Products, Services and/or a Survey (as applicable), placed in store, through our Website, by telephone or using such other means as we may permit from time to time.
"Our agreement" means the agreement pursuant to which we provide the Products, Services and/or Surveys, comprising these Terms and any additional terms that apply to any Services we provide, quote we give or any promotional or special offers.
"Plan" means a design plan created using our design tool, whether produced by you or a Customer Advisor and whether based on either: (i) a basic visual inspection of the area specified by you; or (ii) measurements and descriptions provided by you, in each case for the purposes of providing you with an Estimate.
"Products" means the goods and products that we sell.
"Quotation" means a fixed price for Products and/or Services provided by us against which you can place an Order in accordance with these Terms.
"Sales Advice" means a document provided by us to you which confirms your Order and which contains details of the Products, Services and/or Survey(s) (as applicable) to be supplied to you together with the price for those Products, Services and/or Survey(s).
"Services" means the services ordered by you and set out in the Quotation and/or Sales Advice (as the case may be).
"Survey" means a visual inspection of the area specified by you in order to: (i) verify the Plan; and/or (ii) produce a Quotation.
"Terms" means the terms and conditions set out in this document.
"we", "us" or "our" means the B&Q entity from whom you order and purchase Products, Services and/or Surveys (as applicable), namely (depending on the circumstances):
for UK customers (and customers in the Isle of Man), B&Q Limited, a limited company registered in England and Wales (company number 00973387), whose registered office is B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom and whose VAT registration number is GB 232 5555 75;
for Irish customers, B&Q Ireland Limited, a limited company registered in Ireland (company number 0156844), whose registered office is 6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Republic of Ireland, and whose VAT registration number is IE 6554344D;
for Jersey customers, B&Q (Retail) Jersey Limited, a limited company registered in Jersey (company number 9769), whose registered office is 3rd Floor, 44 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey, JE4 9WG, and whose GST registration number is 879; or
for Guernsey customers, B&Q (Retail) Guernsey Limited, a limited company registered in Guernsey (company number 2572), whose registered office is Redwood House, St Julian’s Avenue, St Peter Port, Guernsey, GY1 1WA.
"Website" means the website (
www.diy.com
or
www.diy.ie
(or such other URL as we may specify from time to time)) that is operated by us or on our behalf.
"you" or "your" means the person(s) placing an Order.
2 Basis of sale
These Terms apply to your Orders for, and purchases of, Products, Services and/or Surveys in connection with B&Q Spaces or B&Q Homefit and such other service offerings as we may determine from time to time.
For purchases made in the UK, we assume that for the purposes of the domestic reverse charge legislation for construction services, the customer is an end-user unless specifically notified otherwise.  Therefore, the supplies made by way of this agreement are not subject to the domestic reverse charge and should be subject to VAT at the correct applicable rate.
Please check that your Order (and where relevant your Quotation) is complete and accurate before you commit yourself to your Order. Following receipt of your Order we may (depending on the nature of your Order) provide you with a Sales Advice. Please check the Sales Advice when you receive it; you must notify us if the Sales Advice is inaccurate.
Please see the How to shop section of our Website for information on how to place an Order via the Website (where this is applicable). You will have an opportunity to check and correct any input errors in your Orders via the Website up until the point at which you submit your Order by clicking the confirm order and pay (or similar) button on the checkout page of our Website. Please carefully check your Order at each stage of the order process. Once you have clicked the confirm order and pay (or similar) button, you will need to pay for your Order.
Your Order is an offer to purchase from us. When you place an Order with us, you do so in accordance with these Terms, subject to our acceptance of your Order.
Unless we have notified you that we do not accept your Order or you have cancelled it in accordance with our returns policy, we accept your Order as follows:
where you place an Order via the Website, we accept your Order: (i) seven days after the date of the Order; or (ii) when we start to provide the Survey or Services or make the Products to your specification or dispatch the Products or the Products are collected by you in store (as the case may be), whichever is earlier;
where you place an Order in store, we accept your Order when we provide you with a Sales Advice confirming that the Order has been placed and processed; and
when you place an Order by telephone, we accept your Order when we confirm that the Order has been placed and processed.
These Terms (and our agreement) will become binding on you and us when we accept your Order as described in the preceding paragraph. The processing of your payment and acknowledgment of receipt of your Order (whether by email, telephone or otherwise) does not constitute legal acceptance of your Order.
We may choose not to accept your Order for any reason and we will not be liable to you or to anyone else in those circumstances.If we do not accept your Order (whether in whole or in part) we will refund any monies paid in connection with that Order (or that part of the Order that we do not accept).
If we accept your Order, we have a legal duty to supply any Products ordered in conformity with our agreement.
These Terms are between you and us, regardless of whether a third party pays for the Order.
The provision of the Services may be subject to additional terms. Where this is the case, these additional terms will be brought to your attention.
These Terms are only in the English language. These Terms will not be filed by us.
If you view these Terms via our Website, you should print a copy of these Terms or save them to your computing device for future reference.
3 Quotations, estimates and surveys
The following terms apply where we carry out a Survey and provide you with an Estimate in advance of the Survey and a Quotation following the Survey:
For certain types of Products and Services we may give you a Quotation without producing a Plan or carrying out a Survey.
If we give you an Estimate it is indicative only and subject to us carrying out a Survey. You will need to place an Order for the Survey.
If we carry out a Survey you will need to bring to our attention anything which is relevant to the Products and/or Services you require.
After we have carried out a Survey we will normally give you a Quotation for the Products and/or Services.
The Quotation will include a schedule setting out the Products and/or Services we are quoting to provide (“
Schedule of Works
”).
Quotations are only valid for the period of days specified on the Quotation or, where none is specified, 14 days from the date of the Quotation. If you do not accept a Quotation by placing an Order within this period, the Quotation is withdrawn unless we agree otherwise in writing.
If a Survey is required but we are unable to carry out an appropriate visual inspection (for example, if building works are not complete) we may need to carry out a second Survey and we reserve the right to charge an additional fee for that second Survey.
Changes to your Order and/or Quotation (including the Schedule of Works, price and delivery dates) may be required as a result of the second Survey. If changes are required we will provide you with an amended Quotation or a new Quotation. If you do not accept the amendments or the new Quotation, we will cancel the Order and you will receive a refund of the price paid (if any), save for the Survey fees.
4 Services: General
We will only carry out the Services using Products that you have purchased from us or an authorised third party acting on our behalf, unless we agree otherwise. You must ensure that the Products you select and purchase are suitable for your needs and are suitable for the Services you order.
You will need to obtain all necessary planning permissions, local authority consents and other consents and permissions required for the Services before they start. It is not our responsibility to check that you have obtained any required consents or permissions. You must allow us or our agent to inspect these consents and permissions if we ask.
You must inform us if the property where the Services are to be provided is listed, located within a conservation area or otherwise subject to restrictions which may impact on the Services. It is your responsibility to check that the Services will not violate any such restrictions.
We will only provide the Services set out in the Sales Advice or, where relevant, the Quotation and/or Schedule of Works or as otherwise agreed between you and us. If you want us to provide any additional services we may need to agree an additional Order with you.
The Services will be provided with reasonable skill and care. We will try to keep disruption to water, gas and electricity supplies to a minimum.
The Services may be provided by a third party on our behalf.
You will need to provide us, and any third party carrying out the Services on our behalf, with free, safe and proper access to the property concerned (including the loft and garden) and free, safe and proper storage for our and (where relevant) their equipment and property while carrying out the Services, including an area to store any waste and also for any Products we deliver to you before the Services start (if any). You will take such other steps as you reasonably can to enable us to provide the Services.
We reserve the right to refuse to provide the Services and cancel your Order where we have reasonable grounds for doing so (such as concerns over the safety of our employees and contractors or where you ask us to perform the Services in a manner that contradicts our reasonable recommendations). If we cancel your Order in these circumstances, you will receive a refund of the price paid.
If we have agreed to remove pre-existing units, fixtures or fittings this may necessarily cause some damage to surrounding areas. We will try to limit the amount of damage caused but unless we have agreed to do so or we have failed to exercise reasonable skill and care, the Services do not include us ‘making good’ any damage caused, painting, decorating or tiling.
Unless we agree otherwise or unless resulting from the negligence of us or any subcontractor appointed by us, the Services do not include, and we shall not be responsible for, the correction of:
any faults or failures in the supply of water, electricity, gas or other services to the property where the Services are to be provided nor any faults or failures in the water or drainage systems or any other conduits or systems connected to the property; or
accidental or wilful damage or defective works caused by other persons in relation to the property where the Services are to be provided.
The workmanship carried out during our provision of the Services may be subject to a Workmanship Guarantee. Please see the separate terms applicable to this Guarantee (where applicable).
Any reduction in energy consumption (including any calculation of potential costs savings) that we provide to you is approximate only and, unless we have failed to take reasonable skill and care, we shall not be responsible if the reduction or savings are not achieved following the provision of the Services.
Unless we agree otherwise, the Services do not include the removal of any waste and you will need to make your own arrangements for the disposal of such waste.
5 Additional works
If additional works are: (i) found to be necessary (including the removal and disposal of asbestos and any other hazardous substances); or (ii) requested by you, in each case during the course of the provision of the Services, we reserve the right to charge additional fees for the Products and/or Services to be provided. Where such additional works are found to be necessary, work under your Order will be suspended and we may provide you with a quotation for the additional work. If you accept the quotation we will recommence work under your Order and carry out the additional works. The provision of additional works may be subject to separate terms and conditions.
Such additional work may be fundamental to the provision of the Products and/or Services and, as a result, we reserve the right to suspend the provision of the Products and/or Services until such additional works have been completed, whether by us or a third party to our satisfaction. If you do not agree to the additional works, you may cancel your Order and you will be liable to pay our charges for the Products provided and/or Services carried out prior to cancellation. You will only receive a refund for that part of the Services not provided and those Products which we have not made or started to make to your specification and/or which have not been installed prior to cancellation.
If you do not agree to the additional works and cancel your Order we will not be responsible for ‘making good’ any damage or disruption caused, painting, decorating or tiling and, although we will try to limit the amount of damage and disruption caused, we will not be responsible for putting the property where the Services are to be provided back in the condition it was in prior to us providing the Products and/or Services, unless we have agreed to do so or we have failed to exercise reasonable skill and care.
6 Prices, payment and availability
The following terms apply to prices determined solely from information you provide to us and where we have not provided you with an Estimate or Quotation:
In order to ascertain the price payable for the Services you Order, you must provide us with certain information in response to our questions about the property where the Services are to be provided. The initial price you pay for your Order is calculated based upon your responses to these questions.
When we attend the property to carry out the Services, we will verify that the initial price you have paid for your Order is correct. If we determine (in accordance with our list prices) that the total cost of your Order will exceed your initial payment, we reserve the right to charge additional fees for the Services to be provided. If you do not accept the additional fees we will cancel the Order and you will receive a refund of the price paid. If we determine that the total cost of your Order will be less than your initial payment, you will receive a refund of the amount you have paid that exceeds the total cost of your Order.
The following terms apply in all circumstances:
You must pay for all Surveys, Services and Products you purchase from us or an authorised third party on our behalf (if any), together with associated VAT (or GST in Jersey (as defined below)) and delivery charges, in advance, unless we have agreed otherwise in advance in writing. Payment must be made by credit or debit card if you place your Order by telephone.
All prices include applicable sales tax (including VAT or (in Jersey only) applicable Goods and Services Tax (“GST”)), unless expressly stated otherwise. The rate of sales tax will be determined in accordance with applicable law. The exact amount of sales tax will be shown on the sales tax invoice (where provided).
Prices for Products exclude delivery charges unless expressly stated otherwise. Delivery charges vary depending on the Products you order, the delivery address and the delivery method you select; please see our Delivery Terms for further details.
In the event that the total cost of your Order differs from the initial price you paid, such that an additional payment or refund (as the case may be) is required that post-dates a change in the rate of sales tax, we may adjust the sales tax you pay for the total cost of your Order in accordance with applicable law.
If you only place an Order for a Survey you will only be obliged to pay the Survey fee set out in the Estimate, Sales Advice or otherwise notified to you. You will need to pay for each Survey regardless of whether or not you decide to accept our Quotation and place an Order for Products and/or Services.
We may update prices at any time. Despite our best efforts, we may occasionally misprice our Surveys, Services and/or Products. If this happens then we will not be obliged to supply the Survey, Services and/or Products at the incorrect price or at all. We will (at our discretion) either cancel your Order (and refund the price you have paid) or endeavour to contact you and ask you whether you wish to continue with the Order at the correct price. If we are unable to contact you or you do not wish to continue with the Order at the correct price, we will cancel your Order and refund the price you have paid.
From time to time we may apply promotional prices to our Surveys, Services and/or Products, including Website or in-store only prices. These promotional prices will only apply in the context in which the promotion is given and are subject to the terms of that promotion. For example, Website only prices will not be applicable to in-store orders or purchases, and in-store only prices will not be applicable to Website orders or purchases. To take advantage of promotional prices, you must quote the relevant promotion code when you order (where applicable). We may update promotions at any time.
If you use a credit/debit card to pay for your Order, you must use your credit/debit card or a credit/debit card that you are otherwise authorised to use. All credit/debit card holders are subject to validation checks by third parties and authorisation by the card issuer. If the issuer of the card refuses to authorise payment or any other validation checks return adverse results, we will not accept your Order and we will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery and we are not obliged to inform you of the reason for the refusal.
We are not responsible for the card issuer or bank charging the cardholder as a result of our processing of the credit/debit card payment in accordance with your Order.
All Products are subject to availability. If you order Products which are not available from stock, we will take reasonable steps to contact you to discuss how you wish to proceed. You will have the option to wait until the Products are available from stock, or cancel your Order for those Products. If the Products are unlikely to be restocked (or we are unable to contact you), we will cancel your Order for those Products and refund the price you have paid for those Products.
7 Plans
If we produce a Plan it is for the sole purpose of providing you with an Estimate and is indicative only. It is based on either a basic visual inspection for aesthetic purposes only or the measurements and information you provide.
All Plans (and all intellectual property rights (including copyright) within the Plans) will be owned by us and may only be used by you in connection with an Estimate, Quotation or Order for Products and/or Services from us and/or the provision of Services by us to you. You assign to us all right, title and interest (including any intellectual property rights) in and to each Plan created by you (and agree to sign any document at our request and our reasonable expense to give effect to this assignment) and you waive all moral rights in and to that Plan.
We will not be liable for the accuracy and suitability of the Plan and you should not rely on it. We recommend that you have a survey, whether carried out by us or a third party, before carrying out any installation work or otherwise relying on the Plan.
8 Measurements
If you provide us with measurements you must ensure they are correct and accurate. You are responsible for the accuracy of measurements you provide.
If there is an error in the measurements you supply and the Products and/or Services are made or supplied to those measurements, we will not refund the cost of the Products and/or Services provided, unless the Products are faulty or we have failed to exercise reasonable skill and care.
9 Delivery/start of work
We will take reasonable steps to meet any estimated date(s) set out on the Quotation, Sales Advice or as otherwise agreed between us for starting the Services. Subject to availability and our Delivery Terms, where we have agreed to deliver Products, we will use reasonable endeavours to do so on any specified date we agree, or if no date is specified, within 30 days of the date of your Order for those Products. Occasionally these date(s) may be affected by factors beyond our reasonable control and so these date(s) cannot be guaranteed. We do not recommend removing fixtures and fittings such as toilets, showers or sinks that provide essential day to day services, until shortly before the Services are due to start or (where applicable) you have received your ordered Products and checked all of them for any defects or missing parts. We will let you know if we become aware of an unexpected delay and will arrange a new date with you.
You must take reasonable steps to collect or take delivery of the Products (where applicable) and do everything you reasonably can to ensure that we can start the Services on any estimated or specified date(s). Where the Services require Products purchased by you separately to your Order, you are responsible for ensuring that you have sufficient suitable Products for us to perform the Services and those Products are available at the property when we start the Services. If you do not have sufficient suitable Products, we may need to arrange a subsequent visit to complete the provision of the Services and we reserve the right to charge you a further fee for this. You must let us know if you wish to re-arrange the delivery/commencement date(s) and we will arrange a new date with you.
If we are unable to start the Services or deliver the Products (where applicable) as a result of your action or inaction (for example, you are not present at the property or you have not cleared the area where the Services are to be provided), we will need to arrange a subsequent visit to complete the provision of the Services or deliver the Products and we reserve the right to charge you a further fee for this.
Unless we have agreed otherwise, Products must be signed for on delivery by a person aged 18 or over. Delivery will be completed when we deliver the Products to the address you specified in your Order.
For reasons of health and safety and to avoid any property damage, certain Products can only be delivered to the exterior of a ground floor location at the delivery address. You must therefore make your own arrangements at your own risk if the relevant Products need to be transported from the delivery location, unless we have agreed to do this as part of the Services.
10 Risk and ownership
For UK, Ireland and Guernsey customers:
If any Products are provided to you by us or an authorised third party on our behalf, on delivery of the Products to you (or collection of the Products by you), all risk of damage to, or loss of, them shall pass to you and you will be responsible for them.
For Jersey customers:
If any Products are provided to you by us or an authorised third party on our behalf, save as set out in the Supply of Goods and Services (Jersey) Law 2009, on delivery of the Products to you (or collection of the Products by you), all risk of damage to, or loss of, them shall pass to you and you will be responsible for them.
For all customers:
You will need to safely and properly store any Products which are delivered to you before Services start (where applicable).
Ownership of the Products will only pass to you on the later of us:
receiving full payment for the Products from you; and
providing the Products to you.
Until ownership of the Products passes from us to you, you shall hold the Products on our behalf and shall store the Products at your own cost separately from all other products in your possession and marked in such a way that they are clearly identified as our property. We may, before ownership of the Products passes to you, require you to deliver up the Products to us and, if you fail to do so, may repossess the Products. You grant us an irrevocable licence to enter, with or without vehicles, any of your premises for the purpose of inspecting or repossessing the Products.
If you cancel your Order, you must keep good care of the Products before returning them to us.
11 Cancellation and returns
This section sets out our cancellation and returns policy. Our cancellation and returns policy set out below is in addition to and does not affect your legal rights as a consumer.
If your Order is for Services only, please see Clause 11.1 for your cancellation rights.
If your Order is for Products and Services (Supply and Install), please see Clause 11.2 for your cancellation rights.
If your Order is for Products only, please see Clause 11.3 for your cancellation rights.
If your Order is a Supply and Install Order, you may cancel the Services element and the Product element separately in accordance with Clause 11.1 and Clause 11.3 respectively.
11.1 Order for Services
You may cancel your Order for the Services for any reason after you have placed your Order and thereafter for up to 14 days commencing the day after the date we accept your Order (as set out in Clause 2).You will lose your right to cancel after the expiry of this period.
You can exercise your right to cancel your Order by contacting us. You may use the cancellation form at the end of these Terms, but you do not have to. To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for you to send your communication concerning your exercise of the right to cancel before the cancellation period has expired.
If we have not started to provide the Services at your request before the end of the cancellation period you will receive a full refund of the price paid for the Services.
If we start providing the Services at your request before the end of this period then you will be required to pay our charges for the Services carried out prior to you contacting us.
You will only receive a refund for that part of the Services not provided. You will not have the right to cancel your Order for Services once we have completed those Services.
Any refund will be paid within 14 days after the day on which you inform us of your decision to cancel your Order and will be made using the same means of payment as you used to pay for the Order, unless we agree otherwise.
11.2 Order for Products and Services (Supply and Install)
You may cancel your Supply and Install Order for any reason after you have placed your Order and thereafter for up to 14 days commencing the day after the date we accept your Order (as set out in Clause 2).You will lose your right to cancel the Services element of your Order after the expiry of this period.
You can exercise your right to cancel your Order by contacting us. You may use the cancellation form at the end of these Terms, but you do not have to. To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for you to send your communication concerning your exercise of the right to cancel before the cancellation period has expired.
If we have not started to provide the Services at your request or make the Products to your specification before the end of the cancellation period you will receive a full refund of the price paid for the Products and Services (subject to the provisions of Clause 11.3).
If we start to provide the Services or make the Products to your specification at your request before the end of this period then you will be required to pay for the Services carried out and for the Products which we have made or have started to make to your specification and/or which have been installed, prior to you contacting us.
Subject to the provisions of Clause 11.3, you will only receive a refund for that part of the Services not provided and those Products which we have not made or started to make to your specification and/or which have not been installed prior to you contacting us. You will not have the right to cancel your Order for Services once we have completed those Services.
Any refund for the Services will be paid within 14 days after the day on which you inform us of your decision to cancel your Supply and Install Order and will be made using the same means of payment as you used to pay for the Order, unless we agree otherwise.
The conditions, time limits and procedures for exercising your right of cancellation with respect to the Product element of your Supply and Install Order (including the arrangements for receiving a refund) are set out in Clause 11.3.
11.3 Order for Products
You may cancel your Order for Products for any reason before dispatch (where applicable) or within 90 days after the date of delivery or collection (as the case may be) by contacting us or returning your product to a B&Q store that is within the same jurisdiction as the store that it was purchased from, or for on-line and telephone orders to a store within the same jurisdiction to which the product was delivered. For example, if you buy a product in a store in the UK, you may return it to a store in the UK only; or if you order a product on-line that is delivered to you in the Republic of Ireland, you may return the product to a store in the Republic of Ireland only. In each case, please bring your proof of purchase and, where applicable, the credit/debit card used for payment. Where your Order comprises multiple delivery shipments, the 90 day cancellation period for the Products in your Order runs from the date of the delivery of the last shipment to you.
You will lose your right to cancel after the expiry of this period (this does not affect your rights if there is any problem with the Products).
You may use the cancellation form at the end of these Terms, but you do not have to. To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for you to send your communication concerning your exercise of the right to cancel before the cancellation period has expired.
The right to cancel in respect of Products is subject to the following exclusions:
Products which contain audio, video recordings or computer software where the seal has been broken but that were sealed at the time of delivery.
Products which are cut, made to measure or mixed to your requirements, or otherwise customised or made to your specifications will not be exchanged or refunded unless they are faulty or incorrectly delivered;
Products which are liable to deteriorate or expire rapidly, including perishable Products such as plants or turf, will not be exchanged or refunded unless they are faulty or incorrectly delivered;
your right of cancellation does not apply to Products which are not suitable for return due to health or hygiene reasons, if you have opened the Product packaging after delivery or collection; and
your right of cancellation does not apply to Products which become mixed inseparably with other items after delivery or collection (which may be the case where the Products are installed).
In relation to Products delivered to you, you may need to take delivery of the Products before you can cancel your Order if the Products are placed into our delivery process before we receive your notice of cancellation. This does not affect your rights under this Clause and Clause 12.
Following cancellation, we will refund you the price paid for the cancelled Products, less any collection or return costs or charges (if any). Where you cancel the entire Order, we will also refund the standard delivery charges paid (if any) or an amount equal to those charges if you elect to use a more expensive delivery method. Where you cancel part of an Order, we may recalculate any applicable delivery charge and deduct this from the refund. We will pay the refund within 14 days after the day:
you notified us to cancel your Order, where you have not received the Products (and the Products have not been dispatched to you); or
we receive the Products you returned to us, where you are in receipt of the Products; or
you provide us with a proof of return for the Products, where you have returned the Products but we have not yet received them.
The refund will be made using the same means of payment as you used to pay for the Order, unless we agree otherwise.
You must arrange for the return of the Products as soon as possible and in any event not later than 14 days after the day on which you cancel your order, unless we agree that you may dispose of the Products (in which case you must comply with any disposal instructions). Unless the Products are faulty or not as described or purchased and delivered simultaneously while we are in the property where the Services are provided, you will be responsible for the cost of returning the Products. For certain Products we offer a collection service. Please contact us for further details. We may charge a fee for this service (the fee will depend on the Products returned, but will not exceed £50 or €50 in the Republic of Ireland).
You must keep the Products you wish to return in your possession and take reasonable care of the Products at all times while they are in your possession. This means that you must not use the Products (except to the extent reasonably necessary to inspect and examine them).
We reserve the right to make a deduction from the amount of any refund for loss in value of the Products returned where the Products show signs of unreasonable use; for these purposes, unreasonable use includes handling the Products beyond what is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the Products, in particular, if it goes beyond the sort of handling that might reasonably be allowed in a shop. Where you are in possession of the Products (or they have been dispatched to you), we may withhold any refund until we have received the Products or you have supplied proof of return for the Products.
12 Faulty products
On receipt of the Products you must check they match your Order. If there is any problem, or if they are defective or damaged you must notify us as soon as is reasonably possible. Claims may be reduced or rejected if we have not been given an opportunity to put matters right.
In addition to the right to cancel an Order as described in Clause 11, if there is a problem with the Products or the Products are faulty, we may make good any shortage or non-delivery, or offer a repair, exchange or refund as appropriate in accordance with your consumer rights. Please contact us to arrange. Alternatively, you can return faulty Products in store.
13 Our right to cancel
We may cancel our agreement by notice in writing to you if you are in breach of your agreement with us, you become unable to pay your debts when they fall due or proceedings are or are reasonably likely to be commenced by or against you alleging bankruptcy or insolvency or an administrator, receiver or administrative receiver is appointed or is reasonably likely to be appointed over all or part of your undertaking and assets. Upon cancellation, any money due to us in respect of our agreement which has been cancelled shall become immediately due and payable and we shall be under no further obligation to provide Products, Services or Surveys to you, provided that where you have paid for Products, Services and/or Surveys in advance of our cancellation of our agreement, we shall, at our discretion, supply those Products, Services or Surveys to you or cancel the provision of the same and refund the price you paid.
14 Use of your personal information
In the course of our dealings with you we will collect and process personal information about you, including to administer and process your Order, and to provide the Survey, Products and/or Services. If the Survey, Products and/or Services are provided by a third party on our behalf, your personal information will be passed to the third party for those purposes. We may also engage third parties to verify and audit the Services that are performed for quality control and regulatory purposes; in these circumstances, your personal information will be disclosed to the third party.
Further information on the manner in which we process personal information is set out in our Privacy Policy, a copy of which is available on our Website.
Calls to our contact centre may be monitored and/or recorded for quality control and training purposes.
15 Liability
To the extent not prohibited by law, we accept no liability for any:
loss which is not foreseeable (loss is foreseeable if it was an obvious consequence of our breach or if it was contemplated by you and us at the time you and we entered into our agreement);
loss which arises when we are not at fault or in breach of our agreement; and
business loss (which includes loss of profits, loss of business, contracts, goodwill, business opportunity and other similar losses).
You may have certain legal rights regarding claims in respect of losses caused by our negligence or failure to carry out our obligations. Nothing in our agreement is intended to limit your legal rights as a consumer. For further information about your legal rights, in Ireland you can contact the Competition and Consumer Protection Commission and elsewhere you can contact your local authority Trading Standards Department or Citizens Advice Bureau.
Our Website, catalogues and other media may contain information and materials created and submitted by third parties, and, to the extent permitted by law, we exclude liability for all losses arising from any error, omission or inaccuracy in any such information and material.
Nothing in our agreement limits or excludes our liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, death or personal injury caused by our negligence or for any other liability which cannot be limited or excluded by law.
16 General
We will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, the Services, Surveys or any of our obligations under these Terms, nor for any defect or damage to Products, or for any failure or delay in supply or delivery of Products, in each case that is caused by events outside our reasonable control (including, without limitation, the following to the extent these are outside our reasonable control: accidents, extreme weather conditions, fire, explosion, flood, storm, earthquake, natural disaster, failure of telecommunications networks, inability to use transport networks, acts of God, terrorist attack, war, civil commotion, riots, strikes, lockouts and other industrial disputes, acts or restraints of Government, and imposition of restrictions on imports or exports).
Natural products may show some colour variations. To the extent permitted by law, we accept no liability for any discoloration or variation in the colour of natural products.
We will take reasonable steps to display as accurately as possible the colours, appearance and other detailing of our Products (and their packaging) in the images that appear on the Website and in our catalogues and other media. However, we do not guarantee that the images, appearance and other detailing that appear on the Website and in our catalogues and other media will exactly reflect the colour, appearance or detailing of the physical Product (or its packaging). Your Products (and their packaging) may vary slightly from those images.
Any information on the Website and in our catalogues and other media regarding sizing, weights, capacities, specifications, dimensions and measurements of Products is included as a guide only. If you are concerned about the precise size, weight, capacity, specifications, dimensions or measurements of any Product you require, we recommend that you contact us prior to placing an Order and/or purchasing a Product.
If any provision of these Terms (including any provision in which we exclude or limit our liability to you) is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in whole or in part, the validity, legality or enforceability of the other provisions of these Terms and the remainder of the provision in question shall not be affected.
No person other than you and us shall have any rights to enforce our agreement, whether under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties Act) 1999  (if based in England and Wales) or otherwise.
You may not assign or transfer your rights or obligations under our agreement, unless we agree in writing.
If we fail, at any time while these Terms are in force, to insist that you perform any of your obligations under these Terms, or if we do not exercise any of our rights or remedies under these Terms, or we delay in doing so, that will not mean that we have waived such rights or remedies and will not mean that you do not have to comply with those obligations. If we do waive a default by you, that will not mean that we will automatically waive any subsequent default by you. No waiver by us of any of these Terms shall be effective unless we expressly say that it is a waiver and we tell you so in writing.
17 Governing law and venue for disputes
Subject to the following paragraph, you and we agree that our agreement is governed by the law of England and Wales and that any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with our agreement (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will only be dealt with by the courts of England and Wales.
Regardless of the above paragraph, you and we agree that if:
you are resident in a part of the United Kingdom other than England and Wales, the law of that part of the United Kingdom will apply to our agreement and any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with our agreement (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be dealt with by the courts located there;
you are resident in Ireland, Irish law applies to our agreement and any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with our agreement (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be dealt with by the Irish courts;
you are resident in Jersey, Jersey law applies to our agreement and any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with our agreement (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be dealt with by the Jersey courts; and
you are resident in Guernsey, Guernsey law applies to our agreement and any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with our agreement (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be dealt with by the Guernsey courts,
provided that, where we are allowed to do so by law, we may bring a claim against you in the courts of England and Wales.
18 Your legal rights and adjudication service
Alternative Dispute Resolution
If we have been unable to resolve your complaint for you, you may wish to use the Alternative Dispute Resolution Service. B&Q Limited is a registered full member of The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman (“FHIO”) in the UK. The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman is approved by the UK government to provide alternative dispute resolution services, ensuring that you have complete peace of mind when buying products and services from us. Although the FHIO is based in the UK, the alternative dispute resolution services are available to our customers in all jurisdictions. To find out more about the Furniture Ombudsman please visit www.fhio.org Before going through the Dispute Resolution process please contact our Customer Service Team at OnlineDisputeResolution@b-and-q.co.uk who will try and resolve the issue for you in the first instance. .
Payment Protection Scheme
The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman Payment Protection Scheme is a mechanism that has been devised to protect consumers who have paid 100% in advance of a home improvement installation (the supply and fit of a fitted kitchen, fitted bathroom, fitted bedroom, fitted home office or other installation including conservatories). The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman (“FHIO”) holds an amount of money in a Protected Account which can be drawn upon, if needed, to pay an award of compensation to a Consumer following a Legitimate Complaint being upheld in their favour. For more information about the Payment Protection Scheme, please visit
https://www.fhio.org/payment-protection-scheme
.
EU Online Dispute Resolution Platform
In addition to the Alternative Dispute Resolution Scheme please note that for disputes that arise as a result of an online purchase only, if you are in the EU, you may submit your complaint to the EU Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) platform via their website at
http://ec.europa.eu/odr
. In the UK you may however wish to go direct to our Alternative Dispute Resolution provider, The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman, as detailed above.
For UK customers:
Nothing in these Terms affects your legal rights, for example in relation to Products which are faulty. Advice about your legal rights is available from your local Citizens’ Advice Bureau or trading standards office.
For Irish customers:
Nothing in these Terms affects your legal rights, for example in relation to Products which are faulty. Advice about your legal rights is available from the Competition and Consumer Protection Commision.
For Jersey customers:
Nothing in these Terms affects your legal rights, for example in relation to Products which are faulty. Advice about your legal rights is available from your local Citizens' Advice Bureau or trading standards office.
For Guernsey customers:
Nothing in these Terms affects your legal rights, for example in relation to Products which are faulty. Advice about your legal rights is available from your local Citizens' Advice Bureau or trading standards office.
19 Contacting us and you
If you have any questions, complaints or concerns with respect to your Order or these Terms, please contact us as follows:
by telephone: on 0333 0143357 (or 1800 946327 if you are calling from Ireland) (lines are open 8am to 8pm weekdays, 8am to 8pm Saturday and 10am to 4pm Sunday);
by email at: home.delivery@b-and-q.co.uk; or
by post at: B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom or for customers in the Republic of Ireland you can alternatively send to: B&Q Ireland Limited, 6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2.
Any formal legal notices should be sent to us at the following address, marked for the attention of the Company Secretary of B&Q Limited: B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom.
If we have to contact you or give you notice in writing, we will do so by email or by hand or by pre-paid post to the address you provide to us in your Order or we otherwise hold for you.
A consumer may also use the following model cancellation form to do this but they are not required to do so:
Model Cancellation Form
To: B&Q Limited Address: B&Q Customer Services, B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom Email address:
home.delivery@b-and-q.co.uk
.
For customers in the Republic of Ireland you can alternatively send to B&Q Ireland Limited, 6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Republic of Ireland, Email address: home.delivery@b-and-q.co.uk
I/We(*) hereby give notice that I/We(*) cancel from my/our (*) contract of sale of the following goods(*)/for the provision of the following service*,
Ordered on(*) / received on(*)
Name of consumer(s),
Address of consumer(s),
Signature of consumer (only if this form is notified on paper)
Date
(*) Please delete if not applicable
We may update, vary and amend these Terms from time to time without prior notice. When you place an Order, the Terms in force at that time will apply (as set out on our Website or available in store). Please check in store or on our Website to ensure that you understand which Terms apply.
These Terms were last updated on 23 July 2021.
Home delivery terms & conditions
Delivery times apply to items in stock.
If any items you order are not available we will use the telephone or email details you have provided to contact you and discuss how you wish to proceed. If we are not able to contact you we will use our discretion and send you the items that are available and possibly a substitute for the unavailable item(s) or refund you accordingly.
Deliveries normally occur between 7am and 6pm. Currently the exact timing of delivery cannot be specified.
Working days are classified as Monday to Friday and exclude bank holidays.
Unless otherwise stated, all deliveries will be made direct to your door. We are not responsible for any additional lifting or carrying of your goods.
We do not deliver items to multiple addresses.
Please leave a daytime telephone number as we may contact you to arrange a convenient delivery date.
If your order contains more than one item you may be contacted by more than one operator to arrange the delivery date, and the products may be delivered separately even if they have the same estimated delivery dates because our products come from different delivery partners and suppliers.
Delivery is available to all UK mainland addresses. Customers living in some remote rural areas should note some services are not available. If you live in one of these areas, our Restricted Delivery Table will show you the affected postcodes and available delivery services.
We regret that we are unable to deliver to Scottish islands, Isles of Scilly, Jersey, Guernsey and BFPO (British Forces Post Office) addresses.
For in-store orders cancel any items that bring the order total below £250, prior to the items being delivered, you will be charged the appropriate delivery cost for the remaining value of the shopping basket as detailed in the delivery charges.
Bulk delivery terms & conditions
During checkout you will be automatically allocated the next available delivery date. If this is not suitable then you can simply change the date by clicking the ‘change date’ button. A window will open with all available delivery dates for the next 2 weeks.
Choose a new date to apply this to your order.
Delivery days are classified as Monday to Friday 7am to 5pm between 1st September and 31st March, and Monday to Saturday 7am to 6pm between 1st April and 31st August. Delivery days exclude Bank Holidays. Delivery times effective following receipt of your order from B&Q.
Minimum order value is £100 across any combination of bulk delivered products. Subject to delivery requirements below.
1 Delivery requirements
PLEASE DO NOT PLACE AN ORDER IF YOU ARE NOT CONFIDENT THAT THE DELIVERY LOCATION COMPLIES WITH THE FOLLOWING REQUIREMENTS:
We are able to deliver goods to selected UK postcode destinations, restrictions apply, please call 0300 303 4481 or ask in-store for details
The delivery vehicle used by B&Q is a similar size to a double decker bus and requires sufficient space for products to be unloaded using a crane
Deliveries will not be made where the ground condition is uneven, not suitable to unload or likely to cause damage to the vehicle*
We will not leave products on public property unless written consent is provided by the relevant authority confirming agreement of delivery to location
A signature is required on delivery. However, goods can be left without being signed for when a prior arrangement has been made between B&Q and the customer. B&Q will not accept responsibility for goods which are lost or stolen after they have been delivered in accordance with any prior arrangement
*Deliveries are to kerbside only and orders will be cancelled if the delivery vehicle is unable to safely access the delivery location.
2 Delivery charge
Minimum order value £100.  £30 delivery charge applies.  Available to selected locations, restrictions apply - visit
diy.com for details
.
3 Replacement products
Should the goods supplied be faulty or damaged, either inform the driver or, if the driver has left the delivery location, call 0300 303 4481 or contact your local store to arrange replacement goods.*
*B&Q will aim to replace faulty goods within 2 working days of you notifying us.
4 Cancellation
Consumers may return orders within 90 (ninety) days from the date the order was placed provided the goods are unused and in original packaging.*
*Goods can be returned to a store or a collection can be arranged by calling 0300 303 4481.
B&Q Club terms & conditions
Here you will find the terms and conditions (the Terms) in relation to your membership of the B&Q Club.
The promoter is B&Q Limited. B&Q Limited is a company registered in England (company number 973387) whose registered office is at B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire SO53 3LE (B&Q, us, we or our).
These Terms apply to B&Q Club members resident in the United Kingdom, the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands (the Territory).
Becoming a member of the B&Q Club
1.0 To become a B&Q Club member, you can pick up a B&Q Club card or key fob in store which you must register online at
www.diy.com/bandqclub
or via the B&Q app together with your email address. You can also register your title, name and postal address including postcode.
2.0 Alternatively, you can register your email address online at
www.diy.com/bandqclub
or via the B&Q app and we will email you a digital membership card. You can also register your title, name and postal address including postcode. You can register a B&Q Club card and/or key fob to your membership account after registering for a digital membership card.
3.0 You must not share your membership number or your membership details with any third party.
4.0 Your use of your B&Q Club membership card, fob and/or digital membership card is subject to these Terms.
General terms of B&Q Club membership
5.0 Membership of the B&Q Club is only available to residents of the Territory who are aged 18 or over.
6.0 The B&Q Club membership is not transferable and the benefits of membership can only be used by the registered member.
7.0 Each person shall only be entitled to one B&Q Club membership account and B&Q may refuse, merge or close additional accounts at any time.
8.0 B&Q Club membership is solely for individual consumers and not for businesses or commercial entities. You must not use your B&Q Club membership in connection with any business transaction or purpose. B&Q employees and their relatives are entitled to become B&Q Club members.
9.0 We reserve the right to refuse any application for membership for any reason.
10.0 You must not use your B&Q Club membership or any Membership Materials (as defined below) in any way that violates applicable law or infringes the rights of any person.
11.0 Membership of the B&Q Club entitles you to receive exclusive benefits (Member Benefits) from time to time including but limited to promotional offers, discounts and digital receipts. These may include discounts and promotions offered by third parties, B&Q is not a party to these third party sales contracts. Each Member Benefit will be subject to separate terms and conditions which will be made available to you on diy.com. Where B&Q offers promotional discounts on products sold on diy.com these discounts only apply to products sold and shipped by B&Q and do not apply to products sold and shipped by verified sellers.
Membership materials
12.0 B&Q Club membership numbers, cards, key fobs, coupons, vouchers, printable B&Q Club material and all other B&Q Club documents and materials (collectively, Membership Materials) are issued by and remain the property of B&Q. You must return Membership Materials to B&Q on request or destroy those Membership Materials when no longer valid for use.
13.0 Membership Materials cannot be transferred, bought, sold or in any way traded.
14.0 The B&Q Club card, key fob and digital membership card are not a credit, debit or cheque guarantee card and are for use by the registered member only, in connection with purchases intended for personal use only.
15.0 The Promoter reserves the right to alter the conditions of use and/or to withdraw the Membership Materials at any time.
Cancelling your B&Q Club membership
16.0 You can cancel your B&Q Club membership at any time by emailing bandqcustomerservices@b-and-q.co.uk or by writing to:
The B&Q Club Membership B&Q House Chestnut Avenue Chandler's Ford Eastleigh Hampshire SO53 3LE United Kingdom
17.0 A breach of these Terms (or the separate terms and conditions of any Member Benefit) or an abuse of the B&Q Club, in each case as reasonably determined by us, will entitle us to cancel your B&Q Club membership, without prior notice. We reserve the right to take any other action deemed necessary where you are found to have breached these Terms (or the separate terms and conditions of any Member Benefit) or abused the B&Q Club.
18.0 You will cease to be entitled to the Member Benefits of the B&Q Club when your membership is cancelled.
Cancellation or variation of the B&Q Club
19.0 We reserve the right to terminate or suspend the B&Q Club (whether in part or in its entirety) or vary these Terms,or vary or alter the operation of the B&Q Club, including varying or terminating Member Benefits, at any time.
20.0 If we terminate the B&Q Club or make other changes to the B&Q Club, we shall take reasonable and appropriate steps to make you aware of such termination or changes. If we change these Terms and you do not agree to the Terms as amended, you may cancel your B&Q Club membership in the manner referred to at point 16 above.
21.0 If you continue to use your B&Q Club membership after the Terms have been amended, you indicate your acceptance of the updated Terms and agree to be bound by them.
Our liability
22.0 We accept no liability under or in connection with these Terms or their subject matter for any:
a) loss which is not foreseeable (loss is foreseeable if it was an obvious consequence of our breach or if it was contemplated by you and us at the time you and we entered into these Terms);
b) loss which arises when we are not at fault or in breach of these Terms; and
c) business loss (which includes loss of profits, loss of business, contracts, goodwill, business opportunity and other similar losses).
23.0 Nothing in these Terms limits or excludes our liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, death or personal injury caused by our negligence or for any other liability which cannot be limited or excluded by law.
Waiver and severance
24.0 Any failure or delay by us in exercising any right or remedy under these Terms shall not prevent us from being able to enforce that, or any other, right or remedy at a later time.
25.0 If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by any court or other competent authority, all other provisions will remain in full force and effect.
Assignment
26.0 You agree that we may transfer any of our rights and/or transfer, sub-contract or delegate any of our obligations under these Terms. Where we do so, we will take steps to ensure that it does not affect your ability to rely on the rights that you may have under these Terms.
27.0 These Terms are personal to you and are entered into by you for your own benefit and not for the benefit of any third party. You may only transfer or assign your rights under these Terms with our prior consent, which we will not unreasonably withhold.
Your information
28.0 B&Q will collect and use information about you, including the information you provide when registering (such as your name, address and email address) and any other personal information you provide, or that is generated about you, in connection with your membership to the B&Q Club and use of the B&Q Club card, key fob and digital membership card, including details of purchases you make.
29.0 We may use your information to: (i) administer your membership to the B&Q Club and to communicate with you in connection with your membership; (ii) understand your purchasing preferences to enable us to improve our products and services; (iii) provide you with information about products, services, promotions and offers by post, SMS, email and other electronic means (including social media) (we may analyse the purchases you make to enable us to send you information that is most likely to interest you); (iv) provide you with digital receipts in respect of your purchases; (v) monitor and run our business, and for market research purposes; and (vi) prevent, detect and investigate fraud and other criminal activity and prosecute offenders.
30.0 Please see our Privacy Policy for further information about how we use your information.
Governing law
31.0 Subject to the following paragraph, you and we agree that these Terms are governed by the law of England and Wales and that any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with these Terms (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will only be dealt with by the courts of England and Wales.
32.0 Regardless of the above paragraph, you and we agree that if you are resident in a part of the United Kingdom other than England and Wales, the law of that part of the United Kingdom will apply to these Terms and any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with these Terms (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be dealt with by the courts located there, provided that, where we are allowed to do so by law, we may bring a claim against you in the courts of England and Wales.
These Terms were last updated on 19th February 2019.
B&Q discount coupon terms & conditions
A B&Q coupon entitles the bearer to the discount value detailed on the coupon in a single transaction on goods available in store to take away on the day (except Republic of Ireland and concessions), on diy.com or on the B&Q app where an online coupon code is included. Coupons cannot be used for the purchase of gift cards, installation or delivery of goods or against charity top ups. Where a spend threshold applies to the coupon, any charity tops ups do not count towards that threshold. Coupons cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer, discount, or against the purchase of products from verified sellers on diy.com. Please note that when issued, an online code is case sensitive and must be entered as shown.
Only one coupon can be used per transaction. Coupon valid for one transaction only. No cash alternative is available. The coupon cannot be sold or applied retrospectively. B&Q reserves the right to reject any coupon it deems, in its sole discretion, to be forged, defaced or otherwise tampered with. B&Q reserves the right to hold, void or suspend the promotion where it becomes necessary to do so. The B&Q Club terms and conditions of membership apply to Club customers (see www.diy.com/club). The offer is not valid on any of the B&Q partner sites. Coupon expires on the date referenced on each individual coupon.
Wallpaper samples free delivery terms & conditions
Free standard delivery applies to orders of wallpaper samples only. Where additional products have been included with the order, a delivery charge may apply based on products selected and/or the total order value. See
here
for delivery charges.
Kitchen, bathroom and bedroom installation workmanship guarantee
Our installation service is currently only available in England, Wales and Scotland.
This guarantee is offered by B&Q Limited, B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandlers Ford, SO53 3LE. On completion of your installation you will be provided with your guarantee documentation. The rights under this guarantee will only be available on production of valid evidence of this guarantee so please keep your guarantee documentation safe as evidence of your guarantee.
Guarantee period
The workmanship is guaranteed against fault for 2 years from completion of your installation.
What is covered
This guarantee is specifically limited to cover the workmanship carried out during the installation services provided to you.
What is not covered
This guarantee does not cover;
The products themselves
Damage as a result of natural deterioration of fair wear and tear ie silicone deterioration
Accidental or intentional damage, abuse, misuse, neglect You are not covered for routine maintenance or adjustments, including but not limited to, door adjustments, hinge adjustments, toilet seat adjustments, and any silicone renewal.
Guarantee terms and conditions
If you experience a problem, or in the event that a fault appears during the guarantee period, you must notify us using the link below as soon as reasonably practicable, upon becoming aware of the problem or fault. Delaying notification may affect your rights under this guarantee; the guarantee will not cover remedial work that is required as a result of delayed notification (for instance where additional problems have arisen due to the delay).
We will support assessment of the claim via remote observation from photographs and videos supplied by the customer however may arrange for an engineer/inspector to examine the problem or fault to ascertain whether it is covered by the guarantee.
Where the issue identified by you is as a result of faulty workmanship and therefore covered by the guarantee, we agree to carry out those repairs necessary to rectify the problem or fault at no cost to you. Where we deem it to be necessary, we will provide replacement products. Where identical products are no longer available we reserve the right to provide a product of similar specification.
Where works are carried out under this guarantee they will be covered by this guarantee for the duration of the remaining term of this guarantee; the guarantee period will not restart on completion of the remedial works.
In the event you sell your property this guarantee may be transferred to the new owner. The new owner must provide evidence of the transfer of ownership of the property together with valid evidence of this guarantee (ie by providing a copy of the guarantee documentation issued at the time of the installation completion).
This guarantee only applies where the products (and therefore the workmanship of the installation services) have been used for domestic purposes only.
What to do in the event of a claim
If you experience a problem or in the event that a fault appears during the guarantee period submit a claim form via
https://www.diy.com/customer-support/guarantee-claim-form
Gas leaks
If you should smell gas in your home, you must call National Gas Emergency Services on 0800 111999 immediately.
YOUR STATUTORY RIGHTS AS A CONSUMER ARE NOT AFFECTED BY THE GUARANTEE
Guarantee terms & conditions - GoodHome kitchen products guarantees (UK & Ireland)
About GoodHome kitchen product guarantees
We take special care to select high quality materials and use manufacturing techniques that allow us to create products incorporating design and durability. GoodHome Kitchen Product Guarantees guarantee against manufacturing defects, from the date of purchase (if bought in store) or date of delivery (if bought online), at no additional cost for normal (non-professional or commercial) household use.
How long is my GoodHome product kitchen guarantee valid?
Please consult your User/Instruction Manual or see the table below for details of the length of our GoodHome Kitchen Product Guarantees. Where there is a discrepancy between the information in this document and the Guarantee Terms and Conditions included with your product, these Terms and Conditions take precedent.
GoodHome Kitchen Product Guarantees (UK&IRELAND)
Guarantee period
GoodHome products covered
25 years
All GoodHome kitchen: cabinets, drawer boxes, door and drawer fronts, cabinet panels, cornices, pelmets, plinths, hinges, worktops, splashbacks, back panels, cabinet hanging brackets
15 years
All Goodhome kitchen: sinks
10 years
All GoodHome kitchen: taps, Tasuke integrated wall cabinet light, Pebre internal storage, Kora bins, cabinet accessories (minimum 10 years, some products up to 25 years), handles, Datil cabinet brackets for baking trays, Datil wall organiser spice rack, Nitaki plastic cutlery tray, Nitaki plastic cutlery insert, Datil wall organiser hooks, Datil over door hooks, Datil over door rail, Datil wall organiser utensil holder, Datil roll up drying rack and trivet, Datil pan lid holder, Datil wine glass holder, Datil cup holder, Datil wall organiser fixed shelf, Datil wall organiser single shelf, Datil wall organiser double shelf, Datil moveable shelf 400mm, Datil 2 tier door shelf, Datil 4 tier door shelf, Budu kitchen trolley
5 years
Bamia appliances, Datil plastic chopping board set, Datil kitchen sink chopping board, Datil bamboo chopping board, Datil bamboo chopping board set, Datil kitchen sink colander, Datil kitchen sink mat, Pecel small panel for magnetic accessories, Pecel medium panel for magnetic accessories, Nitaki bamboo cutlery tray, Datil extendable bamboo cutlery tray, Nitaki bamboo knife holder, Budu worktop set, Budu worktop storage caddies, Budu worktop small container, Budu worktop medium container, Pecel magnetic foil/film holder, Pecel magnetic roll holder, Pecel magnetic row of 5 hooks, Pecel magnetic utensil holder, Budu worktop shelf, Pecel small magnetic shelf, Pecel medium magnetic shelf, Pecel magnetic knife block
2 years
Anise recycling bags
What does the GoodHome guarantee cover?
Your GoodHome Kitchen Product Guarantee covers product failures and malfunctions provided the product is used for the purpose for which it is intended and subject to installation, cleaning, care and maintenance in accordance with the information contained in these Terms and Conditions, in the User/Instruction Manual and standard practice, provided that standard practice does not conflict with the User/Instruction Manual.
Your GoodHome Kitchen Product Guarantee does not cover defects and damage caused by normal wear and tear or damage that could be the result of improper use, faulty installation or assembly, neglect, accident, misuse, or modification of the product. Unless stated otherwise by applicable law, GoodHome Kitchen Product Guarantees do not cover, in any case, ancillary costs (shipping, movement, costs of uninstalling and reinstalling, labour etc), or direct and indirect damage. Please see your product User/Instruction Manual for full list of product specific exclusions.
How to make a claim under your GoodHome kitchen product guarantee
To make a claim under your GoodHome Kitchen Product Guarantee, you must present your proof of purchase (such as a sales receipt, purchase invoice or other evidence admissible under applicable law), please keep your proof of purchase in a safe place. For your GoodHome guarantee to apply, the product you purchased must be new, it will not apply to second hand or display products. Unless stated otherwise by applicable law, any replacement product issued under your GoodHome guarantee will only be guaranteed until expiry of the original GoodHome guarantee period.
How will the problem be corrected?
If a product covered by a GoodHome Kitchen Product Guarantee is proven to be defective, we will repair or replace the affected part within a reasonable time. We reserve the right to instruct a third party to inspect the product to determine the cause of any alleged defect as part of the claims process. Where the product is no longer available, a replacement product of the same or similar specification may be provided at our discretion. These are the only remedies available under GoodHome Kitchen Product Guarantees.
GoodHome Kitchen Product Guarantees are non-transferable if the product is removed from the premises in which it was first installed. If the product is proven defective, we will repair or replace (as applicable) within a reasonable time.
Rights under GoodHome Kitchen Product Guarantees are enforceable in the country in which you purchased the product. All product guarantee related queries should be addressed to the store you purchased your product from.
GoodHome Kitchen Product Guarantees are in addition to and do not affect your statutory rights.
Manufacturer
Kingfisher International Products Limited 3 Sheldon Square, W26PX London United Kingdom
www.kingfisher.com/products
Distributor
B&Q Limited Chandlers Ford, Hants, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom
www.diy.com
Screwfix Direct Limited Trade House, Mead Avenue, Yeovil, BA22 8RT, United Kingdom
www.screwfix.com
Guarantee terms & conditions - Cooke & Lewis/IT 10 year kitchen guarantee
What is covered
This Guarantee is offered by B&Q Limited, B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Eastleigh, SO53 3LE. B&Q guarantee for 10 years from the date of purchase, all Cooke and Lewis and IT kitchen cabinets, door and drawer fronts, cabinet frames, cabinet hanging brackets, cabinet panels, adjustable legs, cornice, pelmet, plinths, hinges, drawer runners, cabinet storage solutions, B&Q and Cooke and Lewis taps and sinks. Where an individual product has a separate guarantee period that is longer than 10 years that time period will apply.
The guarantee is subject to the terms and conditions below.
Conditions of the guarantee
This Guarantee relates to products purchased for domestic use only.
If the product fails due to a defect in materials or workmanship within the guarantee period B&Q will repair or replace the affected product or part.
Where the products are no longer available, B&Q will, at its discretion, provide you with a replacement product of similar specification.
These are the only remedies available under this Guarantee.
All claims must be supported with the original receipt or other reasonable proof of purchase.
The Guarantee assumes the product has been installed and maintained in accordance with the product instruction manual.
The Guarantee applies to the single product in question and does not extend to the replacement of other products in the kitchen, general household fittings or furniture.
The Guarantee is non transferable to a new owner of the product if the product has been removed from the premises in which it was first installed and then reinstalled in other premises.
All claims must be made as soon as reasonably practicable once the defect has been discovered.
B&Q require reasonable opportunity to inspect the product in the installed situation. In circumstances where it is not reasonably practicable for the product to remain in situ, the product should be retained for inspection.
B&Q reserves the right to instruct a third party of its choice to inspect the Products to determine the cause of any alleged defect in the Product before confirming the defect and replacing the Product.
What is not covered
Products that have been damaged or neglected as a result of a failure to, assemble, install, use or care for the products in accordance with the instructions.
B&Q will not accept responsibility under this Guarantee if a product is damaged or becomes defective due to modification, misuse, neglect, infestation, wilful or accidental damage or act of God
Replacement of other products in the kitchen, general household fittings or furniture or the repair of other consequential or incidental damage arising from a defective product that could not be reasonably foreseen at the time the product was purchased or installed
Products damaged as a result of the use of strong chemicals, contrary to B&Q’s instructions and guidelines.
Products installed into business premises or domestic premises connected with business (e.g. holiday lets)
Normal wear and tear
Natural discolouration that may occur over time
Products sold or installed outside the UK or Republic of Ireland
This guarantee is in addition to and does not affect your statutory rights
How to make a claim under the guarantee
If you wish to make a claim under the Guarantee you should contact a local B&Q store or GoodHome by B&Q store
You will be asked for a copy of your original receipt or other reasonable proof of purchase.
Guarantee terms & conditions - Cooke & Lewis 10 year bathroom guarantee
What is covered
This Guarantee is offered by B&Q Limited, B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Eastleigh, SO53 3LE. B&Q guarantee for 10 years from the date of purchase all B&Q and Cooke and Lewis baths, sinks, ceramic toilet pans and cistern, shower trays, cabinets, cabinet hanging brackets, hinges, cabinet panels, adjustable legs, door and drawer fronts, shower mixer controls, taps. Where an individual product has a separate guarantee period that is longer than 10 years that time period will apply.
This guarantee is subject to the terms and conditions below.
Conditions of the guarantee
This Guarantee relates to products purchased for domestic use only.
If the product fails due to a defect in materials or workmanship within the guarantee period B&Q will repair or replace the affected product or part.
Where the product is no longer available, B&Q will at its discretion, provide you with a replacement product of similar specification.
These are the only remedies available under this Guarantee.
All claims must be supported with the original receipt or other reasonable proof of purchase.
The guarantee assumes the product has been installed and maintained in accordance with the product instruction manual.
The Guarantee applies to the single product in question and does not extend to the replacement of other products in the kitchen, general household fittings or furniture.
The Guarantee is non transferable to a new owner of the product if the product has been removed from the premises in which it was first installed and then reinstalled in other premises.
All claims must be made as soon as reasonably practicable once the defect has been discovered.
B&Q require reasonable opportunity to inspect the product in the installed situation. In circumstances where it is not reasonably practicable for the product to remain in situ, the product should be retained for inspection.
B&Q reserves the right to instruct a third party of its choice to inspect the Products to determine the cause of any alleged defect in the Product before confirming the defect and replacing the Product.
What is not covered
Whirlpool and wellness systems, shower trays that are part of a complete shower enclosure, toilet seats, toilet fittings, siphons, wastes, valves
Products that have been damaged or neglected as a result of a failure to, assemble, install, use or care for the products in accordance with the instructions and general good plumbing practice
B&Q will not accept responsibility under this Guarantee if a product is damaged or becomes defective due to modification, misuse, neglect, infestation, wilful or accidental damage or act of God
Replacement of other products in the bathroom, general household fittings or furniture or the repair of other consequential or incidental damage arising from a defective product that could not be reasonably foreseen at the time the product was purchased or installed
Products damaged as a result of the use of strong chemicals, contrary to B&Q’s instructions and guidelines.
Products installed into business premises or domestic premises connected with business (eg holiday lets)
Normal wear and tear
Natural discolouration that may occur over time
Products sold or installed outside the UK or Republic of Ireland
This guarantee is in addition to and does not affect your statutory rights
How to make a claim under the guarantee
If you wish to make a claim under the Guarantee you should contact a local B&Q store or GoodHome by B&Q store
You will be asked for a copy of your original receipt or other reasonable proof of purchase.
Guarantee terms & conditions - Atomia furniture
Manufacturer
Kingfisher International Products Limited, 3 Sheldon Square, London, W2 6PX, United Kingdom
www.kingfisher.com/products
.
Distributor
B&Q Limited Chandlers Ford, Hants, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom
www.diy.com
.
Cabinets / shelves / internal drawers / external drawers/ hinged doors / sliding doors / tracks & profiles (for sliding doors)
We take special care to select high quality materials and use manufacturing techniques that allow us to create products incorporating design and durability. This product has a manufacturer’s guarantee of 15 years against manufacturing defects, from the date of purchase (if bought in store) or date of delivery (if bought online), at no additional cost for normal (non-professional or commercial) household use.
To make a claim under this guarantee, you must present your proof of purchase (such as a sales receipt, purchase invoice or other evidence admissible under applicable law), please keep your proof of purchase in a safe place. For this guarantee to apply, the product you purchased must be new, it will not apply to second hand or display products. Unless stated otherwise by applicable law, any replacement product issued under this guarantee will only be guaranteed until expiry of the original guarantee period.
This guarantee covers product failures and malfunctions provided the product was used for the purpose for which it is intended and subject to installation, cleaning, care and maintenance in accordance with the information contained in these terms and conditions, in the user manual and standard practice, provided that standard practice does not conflict with the user manual.
This guarantee does not cover defects and damage caused by normal wear and tear or damage that could be the result of improper use, faulty installation or assembly, neglect, accident, misuse, or modification of the product. Unless stated otherwise by applicable law, this guarantee will not cover, in any case, ancillary costs (shipping, movement, costs of uninstalling and reinstalling, labour etc), or direct and indirect damage.
If the product is defective, we will, within a reasonable time, provide spare parts, or proceed with a partial or complete replacement.
Rights under this guarantee are enforceable in the country in which you purchased this product. Guarantee related queries should be addressed to the store you purchased this product from.
The guarantee is in addition to and does not affect your statutory rights.
Accessories / Push to open for doors / Soft open & Soft close system for sliding doors / Hanging bars (classic, frontal, pull-out, corner) / Pull-out accessories (baskets, shoe racks, trouser racks, accessories hook) / Sloping wall bracket / Upright & connectors / Shoe shelf / Feet & handles
We take special care to select high quality materials and use manufacturing techniques that allow us to create products incorporating design and durability. This GoodHome Atomia accessory has a manufacturer’s guarantee of 3 years against manufacturing defects, from the date of purchase (if bought in store) or date of delivery (if bought online), at no additional cost for normal (non-professional or commercial) household use.
To make a claim under this guarantee, you must present your proof of purchase (such as a sales receipt, purchase invoice or other evidence admissible under applicable law), please keep your proof of purchase in a safe place. For this guarantee to apply, the product you purchased must be new, it will not apply to second hand or display products. Unless stated otherwise by applicable law, any replacement product issued under this guarantee will only be guaranteed until expiry of the original period guarantee period.
This guarantee covers product failures and malfunctions provided the product was used for the purpose for which it is intended and subject to installation, cleaning, care and maintenance in accordance with the information contained in these terms and conditions, in the user manual and standard practice, provided that standard practice does not conflict with the user manual.
This guarantee does not cover defects and damage caused by normal wear and tear or damage that could be the result of improper use, faulty installation or assembly, neglect, accident, misuse, or modification of the product. Unless stated otherwise by applicable law, this guarantee will not cover, in any case, ancillary costs (shipping, movement, costs of uninstalling and reinstalling, labour etc), or direct and indirect damage.
If the product is defective, we will, within a reasonable time, provide spare parts, or proceed with a partial or complete replacement.
Rights under this guarantee are enforceable in the country in which you purchased this product. Guarantee related queries should be addressed to the store you purchased this product from.
The guarantee is in addition to and does not affect your statutory rights.
Guarantee terms & conditions - GoodHome masonry paint guarantee
We take special care to select high quality materials and use manufacturing techniques that allow us to create products incorporating design and durability. GoodHome Classic Masonry Paint, Self-Cleaning Masonry Paint and Windowsill and Trim Masonry Paint have a supplier’s guarantee of 15, 20 and 10 years respectively against peeling and flaking due to manufacturing defects, from the date of purchase (if bought in store) or date of delivery (if bought online), at no additional cost for normal (non-professional or commercial) household use.
To make a claim under this guarantee, you must present your proof of purchase (such as a sales receipt, purchase invoice or other evidence admissible under applicable law), please keep your proof of purchase in a safe place. For this guarantee to apply, the product you purchased must be new, it will not apply to second hand products. Unless stated otherwise by applicable law, any replacement product issued under this guarantee will only be guaranteed until expiry of the original guarantee period.
This guarantee covers product failures resulting in peeling or flaking provided the product was used for the purpose for which it is intended and subject to the correct application, cleaning, care and maintenance in accordance with the information contained in these terms and conditions, on the product packaging and standard practice, provided that standard practice does not conflict with the product instructions.
This guarantee does not cover peeling or flaking caused by structural movement in the underlying surface, defects and damage caused by normal wear and tear or damage that could be the result of improper use, faulty application , neglect, accident, misuse, or modification of the product. Unless stated otherwise by applicable law, this guarantee will not cover, in any case, ancillary costs (shipping, movement, costs of uninstalling and reinstalling, labour etc), or direct and indirect damage.
If the product is defective, we will, within a reasonable time, supply a replacement product, where the product is no longer available you will be provided with a product of similar specification and value to that originally purchased. In the event neither of these remedies are available a refund of the original purchase price will be given. The replacement product will be limited to the volume of product/s that are considered to have failed and not the total number originally purchased.
Rights under this guarantee are enforceable in the country in which you purchased this product. Guarantee related queries should be addressed to the store you purchased this product from.
The guarantee is in addition to and does not affect your statutory rights.
Guarantee Terms & Conditions - Colours masonry paint guarantee
What is covered
This guarantee is offered by B&Q Limited, B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandlers Ford Eastleigh, S053 3LE. B&Q’s Colours Premium Masonry Paint is guaranteed to remain water resistant for 20 years from the date of original purchase. This Guarantee is subject to the terms and conditions stated below.
Conditions of the guarantee
If the product fails within the 20 year guarantee period we will provide you, at our discretion, either a replacement tin of paint, or where this is no longer available, a refund of the original purchase price of the faulty tin of paint only. These are the only remedies available under this Guarantee.
All claims must be supported with the original receipt or other reasonable proof of purchase. The guarantee assumes the product has been applied and maintained in accordance with the product instructions. The Guarantee does not extend to the replacement of other household fittings or furniture.
If you are provided with a replacement product, the replacement will be covered under this guarantee for the duration of the remaining term of the guarantee.
What is not covered
• Claims will not be accepted for paint that has not performed as a result of failing;
to store the product
to prepare the surfaces to be painted or
to apply the product
in accordance with the instructions.
• B&Q will not accept responsibility under this Guarantee if the product becomes defective due to modification, misuse, neglect, wilful or accidental damage or act of God.
• Products sold or used outside the UK or Republic of Ireland.
• Normal wear and tear.
This guarantee is in addition to and does not affect your statutory rights
How to make a claim under the guarantee
If you wish to make a claim under the Guarantee you should contact our helpline on 080 8168 0534. You will be asked for a copy of your original receipt or other reasonable proof of purchase.
Guarantee terms & conditions - Outdoor power guarantees
Mac Electric/cordless
This product carries a guarantee of 24 months starting from the day of purchase. Please retain your receipt as a proof.
This guarantee specifically excludes losses due to:
Normal wear and tear, including accessory wear
Overload, misuse or neglect
Failure of consumable items (such as batteries)
Repairs attempted by anyone other than an authorized agent
Accidental damage caused by foreign objects or substances
Lack of routine maintenance
Failure to follow manufacturer’s guidelines
Loss of use of the goods
Due to continuous product improvement, we reserve the right to change the product specification without prior notice.
This guarantee does not affect your statutory rights.
For any inquiries relating to the guarantee lease contact your retailer: if you purchased this product In B&Q store or website then call 0333 0143101. IF you bought this product in SFX outlet or website then please call 03330 112 112.
Erbauer
At Erbauer we take special care to select high quality materials and use manufacturing techniques that allow us to create ranges of products incorporating design and durability. That’s why we offer a 2 year trade guarantee against manufacturing defects on our Erbauer power tool products.
This power tool is guaranteed for 2 years from the date of purchase, if bought in store, delivered or bought online. You may only make a claim under this guarantee upon presentation of your sales receipt or purchase invoice. Please keep your proof of purchase in a safe place.
This guarantee covers product failures and malfunctions provided the Erbauer power tool was used for the purpose for which it is intended and subject to installation, cleaning, care and maintenance in accordance with standard practice and with the information contained above and in the user manual. This guarantee does not cover defects and damage caused by or resulting from:
Normal wear and tear, including accessory wear
Overload, misuse or neglect
Repairs attempted by anyone other than an authorised agent
Cosmetic damage
Damage caused by foreign objects, substances or accidents
Accidental damage or modification
Failure to follow manufacturer’s guidelines
Loss of use of the goods
This guarantee is limited to parts recognised as defective. It does not, in any case, cover ancillary costs (movement, labour) and direct and indirect damage.
If the Erbauer power tool is defective during the guarantee period, then we reserve the right, at our discretion, to replace the item with a product of equivalent quality and functionality or to provide a refund.
This guarantee only applies to the country of purchase or delivery and is not transferrable to any other countries. This guarantee is non-transferrable to any other person or product. Relevant local law will apply to this guarantee.
Guarantee related queries should be addressed to a store affiliated with the distributor you purchased the Erbauer power tool from.
This guarantee is in addition to and does not affect your statutory rights relating to faulty goods as a consumer.
OPP petrol/electric
This product carries a guarantee of 12 months starting from the day of purchase. Please retain your receipt as a proof.
This guarantee specifically excludes losses due to:
Normal wear and tear, including accessory wear
Overload, misuse or neglect
Failure of consumable items (such as batteries)
Repairs attempted by anyone other than an authorised agent
Accidental damage caused by foreign objects or substances
Lack of routine maintenance
Failure to follow manufacturer’s guidelines
Loss of use of the goods
Due to continuous product improvement, we reserve the right to change the product specification without prior notice.
This guarantee does not affect your statutory rights.
For any inquiries relating to the guarantee, contact your retailer: If you purchased this product in B&Q store or website, then call 0333 014 3357. If you bought this product in SFX outlet or website then call 03330 112 112
Mac Petrol
This product carries a guarantee of 24 months starting from the day of purchase. Please retain your receipt as a proof.
This guarantee specifically excludes losses due to:
Normal wear and tear, including accessory wear
Overload, misuse or neglect
Failure of consumable items (such as batteries)
Repairs attempted by anyone other than an authorized agent
Accidental damage caused by foreign objects or substances
Lack of routine maintenance
Failure to follow manufacturer’s guidelines
Loss of use of the goods
Due to continuous product improvement, we reserve the right to change the product specification without prior notice.
This guarantee does not affect your statutory rights.
For any inquiries relating to the guarantee lease contact your retailer: if you purchased this product In B&Q store or website then call 0333 0143101. IF you bought this product in SFX outlet or website then please call 03330 112 112.
Guarantee terms & conditions - Fortia exterior doors and windows
Exterior doors guarantee
We take special care to select high quality materials and use manufacturing techniques that allow us to create products incorporating design and durability. This product has a 15-year guarantee on profiles, panels, frames and glazing as well as 2-year guarantee on hardware, against manufacturing defects, from the date of purchase (if bought in store) or date of delivery (if bought online), at no additional cost for normal (non-professional or commercial) household use.
To make a claim under this guarantee, you must present your proof of purchase (such as a sales receipt, purchase invoice or other evidence admissible under applicable law), please keep your proof of purchase in a safe place. For this guarantee to apply, the product you purchased must be new, it will not apply to second hand or display products. In case of a product replaced or repaired under the legal guarantee of conformity (2 years), the replaced/repaired part benefits from an additional 6 months of guarantee.
This guarantee covers product failures and malfunctions provided the product was used for the purpose for which it is intended and subject to installation, cleaning, care and maintenance in accordance with the information contained in these terms and conditions, in the user manual and standard practice, provided that standard practice does not conflict with the user manual. This guarantee does not cover defects and damage caused by normal wear and tear or damage that could be the result of improper use, faulty installation or assembly, neglect, accident, misuse, or modification of the product. Unless stated otherwise by applicable law, this guarantee will not cover, in any case, ancillary costs (shipping, movement, costs of uninstalling and reinstalling, labour etc), or direct and indirect damage.
If the product is defective, we undertake, within 15 days from the ¬first request for support from the after-sales service, to provide the spare parts concerned or find a solution acceptable to the customer. Rights under this guarantee are enforceable in the country in which you purchased this product. Guarantee related queries should be addressed to the store you purchased this product from. The guarantee is in addition to and does not affect your statutory rights.
Manufacturer
Kingfisher International Products Limited
Kingfisher International Products
1 Paddington Square
B.V., Rapenburgerstraat 175E
London
1011 VM Amsterdam
W2 1GG
The Netherlands
United Kingdom
www.kingfisher.com/products
Windows guarantee
We take special care to select high quality materials and use manufacturing techniques that allow us to create products incorporating design and durability. This product has a manufacturer’s guarantee of 10 years against manufacturing defects, from the date of purchase (if bought in store) or date of delivery (if bought online), at no additional cost for normal (non-professional or commercial) household use.
To make a claim under this guarantee, you must present your proof of purchase (such as a sales receipt, purchase invoice or other evidence admissible under applicable law), please keep your proof of purchase in a safe place. For this guarantee to apply, the product you purchased must be new, it will not apply to second hand or display products. Unless stated otherwise by applicable law, any replacement product issued under this guarantee will only be guaranteed until expiry of the original period guarantee period.
This guarantee covers product failures and malfunctions provided the product was used for the purpose for which it is intended and subject to installation, cleaning, care, and maintenance in accordance with the information contained in these terms and conditions, in the user manual and standard practice, provided that standard practice does not conflict with the user manual. This guarantee does not cover defects and damage caused by normal wear and tear or damage that could be the result of improper use, faulty installation or assembly, neglect, accident, misuse, or modification of the product. Unless stated otherwise by applicable law, this guarantee will not cover, in any case, ancillary costs (shipping, movement, costs of uninstalling and reinstalling, labour etc), or direct and indirect damage.
If the product is defective, we will, within a reasonable time, repair it or replace it. Rights under this guarantee are enforceable in the country in which you purchased this product. Guarantee related queries should be addressed to the store you purchased this product from. The guarantee is in addition to and does not affect your statutory rights.
Manufacturer
Kingfisher International Products Limited
1 Paddington Square
London
W2 1GG
United Kingdom
www.kingfisher.com/products
Distributor
B&Q Limited
Chandlers Ford
Hampshire
SO53 3LE
United Kingdom
www.diy.com
Brand price match
B&Q will match the price of any identical branded products. The product must be the identical product and you will need to provide us with evidence of the competitor's price. We will also match the price of our kitchen cabinets, drawers, door/drawer fronts and worktops as well as our bathroom cabinets, vanity units, shower enclosures, shower trays and screens, baths, basins and toilets.
Competitor products must be of a like for like design, colour and specification. We will price match at the point of purchase, or where you have already purchased the product from us, up to 14 days after the date of sale providing the competitor's products are available at the lower price on the day you return to store and that you return with your proof of purchase. The competitor's product must be available to the general public and in stock or available to order at the lower price on the day you return.
We do not price match against competitor promotions/discounted products, offers involving vouchers or discount codes, delivery charges, installation, key and wood cutting services. We do not price match against internet only retailers, online marketplaces or auction sites, trade retailers, wholesale or warehouse clubs requiring membership, or othe companies within the Kingfisher Group. Staff or any other discount cards cannot be used in conjunction with a price match.
The B&Q price match policy does not apply to TradePoint purchases.
Buy now, pay later terms & conditions
Buy Now Pay later – 17.9% APR
17.9% APR Representative on Buy Now Pay Later. Minimum spend £500 on all purchases in store only. If you pay your full credit balance by your agreed end date, you will pay no interest on your purchase. Credit subject to status. B&Q Limited acts as a credit broker and not as a lender. Credit is provided by Creation Consumer Finance Ltd. Both B&Q Limited and Creation Consumer.
Interest free credit terms & conditions
Interest Free Credit - 0% APR representative
No deposit required. Offer requires a B&Q FlexiPlan credit account. With your FlexiPlan account you get a credit limit that you can use for future purchases at 17.9% APR representative (variable). Spend £1,000 for 1yr, £3,000 for 2yrs, £6,000 for 3yrs, £9,000 for 4yrs, interest free credit. Credit subject to status to UK residents age 18 or over. We reserve the right to remove this offer at any time. B&Q Limited acts as a credit broker and not as a lender, authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FRN 712268), and introduces credit provided by Creation Consumer Finance Ltd. Project finance maximum £25,000.
Alternative dispute resolution scheme and online dispute resolution
Alternative dispute resolution
If we have been unable to resolve your complaint for you, you may wish to use the Alternative Dispute Resolution Service. B&Q Limited is a registered full member of The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman(“FHIO”).
The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman is approved by the government to provide alternative dispute resolution services, ensuring that you have complete peace of mind when buying products and services from us.
To find out more about The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman please visit
www.fhio.org
Online dispute resolution
In addition to the Alternative Dispute Resolution Scheme please note that for disputes that arise as a result of an online purchase only, you may submit your complaint to the EU Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) platform via their website at
https://ec.europa.eu
. You may however wish to go direct to our Alternative Dispute Resolution provider, The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman, as detailed above. Before going through the Dispute Resolution process please contact our Customer Service Team at OnlineDisputeResolution@b-and-q.co.uk who will try and resolve the issue for you in the first instance.
Store photography policy
We understand that customers may wish to take pictures in our stores to support their shopping journey. It is B&Q’s policy that customers ask permission before taking photos in any store.
If permission is given by the store, members of staff and other customers' privacy should be respected by ensuring that they are neither in the photo frame nor the subject of the photograph unless consent has been gained.
Ratings and review terms and conditions
Introduction
These terms govern the process for submitting customer product reviews for publication on diy.com, diy.ie and trade-point.co.uk (the
Website
).
These terms apply to all users of the Website and supplement the B&Q Digital Services (Including B&Q Website and App) Terms and Use (
B&Q Digital Services Terms and Use
).
By submitting content for publication on the Website you accept and agree that you do so in line with these terms, the
Fake Review Prevention and Removal Policy
, and the
B&Q Digital Services Terms and Use
. If there is any conflict or inconsistency between the Ratings and Reviews Terms and Conditions and the B&Q Digital Services Terms and Use, these terms will prevail. References to we, us or our means B&Q Limited.
Product reviews
The European Union (EU) Omnibus Directive 2019/2161 requires better protection for consumers from false and misleading reviews in online commerce. We ensure verified product reviews submitted by customers are genuine, and that the customer who submits a review has purchased or used the product.
Product reviews on the Website are managed by Bazaarvoice and comply with the Bazaarvoice Authenticity Policy, details at
https://www.bazaarvoice.com/trustmark/
.  We have a verification process to collect reviews in the following ways:
We collect reviews from consumers after a purchase by sending out a review request email or push notification. Alternatively, a customer can leave a re
view on products they have purchased via the write a review link in ‘My Account’.
We collect sample reviews, where products are provided for free, in exchange for a product review. All incentivised reviews must be genuine and provided in accordance with our
Fake Review Prevention and Removal Policy
and these Terms and Conditions.
To ensure authenticity and transparency of the customer reviews, we display the following:
Bazaarvoice Authentic Reviews Trust Mark
– to show consumers our dedication to authentic consumer feedback.
Incentivized reviews
– “Received free product” with an image of a gift box indicate where Bazaarvoice's sampling community, Influenster have been used. They are incentivised to submit honest and independent product reviews in return for receiving a free product.
Syndicated reviews
– Brand logo followed by “Originally posted on” followed by the name of the Brand. Brands who collect product reviews for display on their own site can syndicate these for display on our digital channels.
Overall rating
- across the site you will see that each product has a star rating, followed by the total number of reviews in brackets. The star rating that displays is an average of all the submitted reviews and will include customer, colleague, sampling and syndicated reviews.
1. Reviews submitted for publication must:
Relate only to the performance of the product being reviewed
Be genuine and represent your honest experience of the product
Be clear, concise and constructive
2. Reviews submitted for publication must not:
Refer to customer service, delivery, returns, availability or packaging issues
Use inappropriate, offensive, libellous or unlawful language or images
Relate to product price history, promotional prices/pricing practices and/or price availability.
Refer to a competitor and/or any third party
Refer to any competitor and/or third party content or website
Include personal information about the reviewer or any third-party
Be in any language other than English
Contain any advertising or promotional material
Be submitted by persons aged 12 or under
Be repeatedly submitted and/or vexatious
Be non-original material, including second-hand information, hearsay, quotes, links or text that the reviewer has not written.
3.
Reviews that do not meet the publishing criteria as set out in clause 1 and 2 above will not be published. Our Rating & Reviews service is for feedback on the product only. The decision as to whether or not a review meets the publishing criteria will be at our sole discretion. We reserve the right at our sole discretion to withhold, refuse or re-moderate any reviews we consider do not meet the publishing criteria or breach our general B&Q Digital Services Terms and Use. Product reviews will remain published on B&Q Digital Services Terms and Use for as long as they remain relevant.
4
. In appropriate circumstances and at our sole discretion, reviewers whose product reviews are withheld under these terms may be given the opportunity to resubmit a valid product review. In such cases the reviewer will be contacted using the email address provided.
5
. Every effort will be made to publish valid product reviews within 48 hours of receipt.
6
. Customers can submit valid supplementary product reviews (for example because their experience of the product has changed) however repeat product reviews will not be published.
7
. We reserve the right to amend these terms where it becomes necessary to do so.
How we may use your product review & details
8
. Please see the "User generated content" section of the B&Q Digital Services Terms and Use to understand how we may use your product review and the circumstances in which we may disclose your personal details and comments.
Reporting a product review
9.
Reviewers can report a product review at any time by using the "report" link positioned alongside the review.
Your liability
10.
If you submit a product review in breach of the publishing criteria set out in terms 1 and 2 above and/or the applicable provisions of; our
B&Q Digital Services Terms and Use
, and/or the
Fake Review Prevention and Removal Policy
, you will be responsible for any losses, expenses or other costs incurred by us as a result of any claims brought by a third party against us arising out of or in connection with the content of your customer product review.
Ratings and reviews prize draw terms & conditions
The promoter
B&Q Limited, B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler’s Ford, Eastleigh, SO53 3LE.
Who can enter
This promotion is open to all residents of the UK aged 18 years and over, excluding employees of B&Q Limited, their families, agents or anyone else connected with the promotion.
How to enter
There will be one prize draw each month which will open on the first of each month and close at 23.59 on the last day of that month. Each month’s prize draw is a new draw and entries made in one month will not be carried over into the next month’s draw..
To enter the promotion, please leave a review on
diy.com
. The review must meet the criteria for publication detailed in the Ratings and Reviews Terms and Conditions
(these Terms and Conditions are located in the paragraph above on this page entitled "Ratings and reviews terms & conditions" )
. Reviews which are rejected for publication will not be entered into the prize draw. It may take up to 72 hours for a published review to appear on site, entry into the prize draw will be based on date of submission of a review, not publication.
Entry
Only one entry per person for each product reviewed. Third party or multiple reviews on the same product by the same person resulting in multiple entries will not be accepted and we reserve the right to disqualify any entries we reasonably suspect to have been made fraudulently including through the use of bots, computer software or by any other means. We accept no responsibility for any lost, damaged or incomplete entries or entries not received due to a technical fault or for any other reason beyond our reasonable control.
Prize details
Five winners will each receive a £100 B&Q gift card. The prize is non-transferable or exchangeable and no cash alternative is available. We reserve the right to replace the prize with a prize of equal or greater value where it becomes necessary to do so.
Winner selection and prize fulfilment
Five winners will be selected at random from all valid entries received. We will contact the winners via email within 14 days of the prize draw closing each month. If a winner fails to respond and/or claim the prize within 14 days we reserve the right to select an alternative winner from the remaining valid entries and repeat this process until the prize is claimed.
Your data
We will process information about entrants in order to administer this promotion. For more information on how we use personal information, please see our
privacy policy
. By entering this promotion, you agree and consent to the processing of your personal data by us and by any third party acting on our behalf for the purposes of the administration and operation of the promotion.
Please note that we are obliged to either publish or make available on request the surname, county and, where applicable, the winning entry/entries of major prize winners. If you object to any of this information being made available in this way, please contact
reviews@b-and-q.co.uk
. We must never the less share this information with the Advertising Standards Authority where it becomes necessary to do so.
Intellectual property
Any entries and associated materials submitted by you as part of this promotion become the property of the Promoter and will not be returned. By submitting an entry you agree to:
a) assign to the Promoter all your intellectual property rights with full title guarantee; and
b) waive all moral rights in and to your entry and otherwise arising in connection with your entry to which you may now or at any time in the future be entitled under the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 as amended from time to time and under all similar legislation from time to time in force anywhere in the world. You agree that we may make your entry available on our website and in any other media, whether now known or invented in the future, and in connection with any publicity of the competition. You agree to grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable licence, for the full period of any intellectual property rights in your entry [and any accompanying materials], to use, display, publish, transmit, copy, edit, alter, store, re-format and sub-licence the entry [and any accompanying materials] for such purposes.
Your acceptance of these terms
We reserve the right to refuse entry or refuse to award any prize to anyone in breach of these Terms and Conditions and/or hold void, cancel, suspend or amend these Terms and Conditions where it becomes necessary to do so. Our decision on all matters relating to this promotion is final and binding. No correspondence will be entered into. By entering this promotion, you are deemed to have accepted and agreed to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. Liability Insofar as is permitted by law the Promoter and its agents and distributors will not in any circumstances be responsible or liable to compensate the winners or accept any liability for any loss, damage, personal injury or death occurring as a result of taking up the prize except where it is caused by the negligence of the Promoter, its agents or distributors or that of their employees.
Governing law
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions restricts your statutory rights as a consumer. This promotion will be governed by English law and entrants submit to the jurisdiction of the English Courts.
Gift card terms & conditions (UK, Jersey & Guernsey)
United Kingdom
A Gift Card or eGift card can be used in full or part payment for; a. any products purchased from B&Q stores in the UK (excluding concessions and cafes) b. products purchased at www.diy.com excluding products ‘sold and shipped by verified sellers’ with the exception of the following type of card; any Gift Card or eGift card denominated in Euros (€) Any Decorating Card or Gift Card beginning with the following numbers 5045 0756 65** **** ***
Jersey & Guernsey
A Gift card purchased in Jersey or Guernsey can be used in full or part payment for any products purchased from B&Q stores on the relevant Island (except concessions and cafes in B&Q stores) or from www.diy.com. A Gift Card cannot be used for purchases from B&Q call centres.
The minimum value needed to activate a Gift Card is £1 and the maximum value which can be stored on a Gift Card is £1000.
The minimum value needed to activate an eGift card is £10 and the maximum value which can be stored on a eGift card is £500 (only available in £ sterling).
For fraud prevention reasons B&Q is unable to accept temporary B&Q Account Cards, Trade UK Cards or business cheques to pay for, or top up, a Gift Card.
In the event that any payment used to activate or top up a Gift Card is not authorised, or otherwise defaults, any corresponding amount added to the Gift Card will be removed.
When products are purchased using a Gift Card, no change will be given in cash but any value remaining on a Gift Card will be shown on the till receipt and can be used in full or part payment for future purchases. Where a Gift Card holder wishes to use a Gift Card to buy products with a value higher than the value on the Gift Card, he/she will be required to pay the difference in value.
The value on a Gift Card cannot be exchanged for cash or refunded. Where B&Q agrees to provide a refund for products purchased using a Gift Card, the amount of the purchase price paid using that Gift Card will be reimbursed by way of a credit note for use in B&Q stores.
A Gift Card cannot be used to buy age restricted products unless the purchaser can prove he/she is of at least the relevant age.
A Gift Card that has been purchased will expire and any remaining value will be removed if the Gift Card is not used to make a purchase, top-up or balance enquiry during any period of five consecutive years (see the reverse of card).
A Gift Card that has been given or issued as part of a promotion will have variable expiry dates, please refer to the promotional material or information that will be accompanied with the gift card or eGift card. A promotional gift card cannot be topped up. If a promotional gift card is not used within the specific time period any remaining value will be removed from the Gift Card.
A Gift Card will expire if it has a zero balance on the card for a period of one year or more.
Please keep the Gift Card safe and treat it like cash. B&Q does not collect and store personal information on the holders of Gift Cards and therefore, if a Gift Card is used without the consent of the Gift Card holder, or is lost, stolen or damaged, B&Q cannot replace or reimburse the value on the Gift Card.
B&Q may take any action it considers appropriate if it has reasonable grounds for believing you are misusing the B&Q Gift Card Scheme. This may include withholding all or part of the value credited on a Gift Card.
B&Q may vary these terms and conditions for legal, security or regulatory reasons or may suspend or discontinue the B&Q Gift Card scheme at any time. B&Q will give such notice of any variation of the terms and conditions or any suspension or discontinuance of the B&Q Gift Card scheme as is reasonably possible, whether by notices displayed in B&Q stores, on www.diy.com or otherwise. If the B&Q Gift Card Scheme is discontinued B&Q will give Gift Card holders a reasonable period to use any remaining value on the Gift Cards.
Gift cards cannot be purchased in conjunction with any other discount card, such as the staff discount card, diamond discount, trade discount.
Gift Cards (known as ‘corporate’ or ‘B2B’ gift cards) bought through for example an employee benefit or loyalty platform (not exclusive to just these two) where a discount is applied cannot be used in store or online in conjunction with a trade discount card or Diamond Card.
These terms and conditions do not affect your statutory rights.
B&Q Gift Cards are issued by and remain the property of B&Q Limited, B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, SO53 3LE. Company No. 00973387.
Gift card terms & conditions (ROI)
Republic of Ireland
A Gift Card Purchased in the Republic of Ireland can be used in full or part payment for any products purchased from B&Q stores in the Republic of Ireland (except concessions and cafes in B&Q stores). A Gift Card cannot be used for purchases from www.diy.com or B&Q call centres or in B&Q stores outside of the Republic of Ireland including B&Q stores in Jersey or Guernsey.
The minimum value needed to activate a Gift Card is €1 and the maximum value which can be stored on a Gift Card is €1000.
For fraud prevention reasons B&Q is unable to accept temporary B&Q Account Cards, Trade UK Cards or business cheques to pay for, or top up, a Gift Card.
In the event that any payment used to activate or top up a Gift Card is not authorised, or otherwise defaults, any corresponding amount added to the Gift Card will be removed.
When products are purchased using a Gift Card, no change will be given* in cash but any value remaining on a Gift Card will be shown on the till receipt and can be used in full or part payment for future purchases. Where a Gift Card holder wishes to use a Gift Card to buy products with a value higher than the value on the Gift Card, he/she will be required to pay the difference in value. *(In respect of ROI any balance over €1 will be refunded in either of cash, electronic transfer, another gift voucher).
The value on a Gift Card cannot be exchanged for cash or refunded. Where B&Q agrees to provide a refund for products purchased using a Gift Card, the amount of the purchase price paid using that Gift Card will be reimbursed by way of a credit note for use in B&Q stores.
A Gift Card cannot be used to buy age restricted products unless the purchaser can prove he/she is of at least the relevant age.
A Gift Card that has been purchased will expire and any remaining balance will be removed if the Gift Card is not used to make a purchase, top-up or balance enquiry during five consecutive years (see receipt for date of purchase).
A Gift Card that has been given or issued as part of a promotion will have variable expiry dates, please refer to the promotional material or information that will be accompanied with the gift card or eGift card. A promotional gift card cannot be topped up. If a promotional gift card is not used within the specific time period any remaining value will be removed from the Gift Card.
A Gift Card will expire if it has a zero balance on the card for a period of one year or more.
Please keep the Gift Card safe and treat it like cash. B&Q does not collect and store personal information on the holders of Gift Cards and therefore, if a Gift Card is used without the consent of the Gift Card holder, or is lost, stolen or damaged, B&Q cannot replace or reimburse the value on the Gift Card.
B&Q may take any action it considers appropriate if it has reasonable grounds for believing you are misusing the B&Q Gift Card Scheme. This may include withholding all or part of the value credited on a Gift Card.
B&Q may vary these terms and conditions for legal, security or regulatory reasons or may suspend or discontinue the B&Q Gift Card scheme at any time. B&Q will give such notice of any variation of the terms and conditions or any suspension or discontinuance of the B&Q Gift Card scheme as is reasonably possible, whether by notices displayed in B&Q stores, on www.diy.com or otherwise. If the B&Q Gift Card Scheme is discontinued B&Q will give Gift Card holders a reasonable period to use any remaining value on the Gift Cards.
Gift cards cannot be purchased in conjunction with any other discount card, such as the staff discount card, diamond discount, trade discount.
Gift Cards (known as ‘corporate’ or ‘B2B’ gift cards) bought through for example an employee benefit or loyalty platform (not exclusive to just these two) where a discount is applied cannot be used in store or online in conjunction with a trade discount card or Diamond Card.
These terms and conditions do not affect your statutory rights.
B&Q Gift Cards are issued by and remain the property of B&Q Ireland Limited, 6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Republic of Ireland. Company No. 0156844.
Guarantee terms & conditions - Magnusson
At Magnusson we take special care to select high quality materials and use manufacturing techniques that allow us to create ranges of products incorporating design and durability. The “LIFETIME” and “5 YEAR” guarantees (each a Guarantee) start from the date of purchase, whether bought in store, delivered or bought online. The 5 year guarantee period applies from the first date of purchase of the original product. Any replacement product issued under this guarantee will therefore only be guaranteed until expiry of the original period (and not 5 years from the date any replacement product may have been provided to you).
You may only make a claim under a Guarantee upon presentation of your sales receipt or purchase invoice. Please keep your proof of purchase in a safe place.
Each Guarantee covers product failures and malfunctions provided that the Magnusson product was used for the purpose for which it is intended, and subject to installation, cleaning, care and maintenance in accordance with standard practice and with the information contained above and in the user manual (if a user manual is provided with the product). Neither Guarantee covers defects and damage caused by normal wear and tear of the product or damage that could be the result of improper use, faulty installation or assembly, neglect, accident or modification of the product. Each Guarantee is limited to parts recognised as defective. It does not, in any case, cover ancillary costs (movement, labour) and direct and indirect damage. Please refer to the relevant product sections below for guarantee duration and further exclusions:
Lifetime guarantee
The following Magnusson products have a lifetime guarantee period
Bolsters and chisels
Clamps
Club hammers
File Sets
1
Files and rasps
1
Hack saws
2
Hammers
Key Polygonal (Hex Key/Torx Keys)
Key Sets
Knives
1/2
Line and point marking
Mallets
Mitre boxes
1
Multi set screwdrivers
2/3
Planes
2
Pliers
1
Precision screwdriver set
Rules and squares
Saws
1
Screwdrivers
Sledge hammers
Socket sets and socket tools
2/3
Socket spanners
Spanners
Specialist clamps
Specialist screwdrivers
Speciality saws
1/2
Spirit levels
Tool sets/kits
2/3
Vices
Wood chisels
1
Wrecking and crowbars
5 year guarantee
The following Magnusson products have a 5 year guarantee period
Crimping tool
Intelligent measuring
Jointing crimper
Lasers and levelling
Metal nibbler
1
Rachet handles
Ratcheting screwdriver sets
2
Racheting wire stripper
1
Tape measures
Torque wrenches
4
Tripod
1
Sharpness of teeth, blades & cutting edges is excluded from the Guarantee
2
Consumables parts which are reasonably expected to be used up or damaged during use (i.e. screwdriver bits, hacksaw blades, knife blades, etc.) are excluded from the Guarantee
3
Excluding any part which is covered by the 5 YEAR guarantee.
4
Accuracy/calibration is guaranteed for 1 year from date of purchase
If the Magnusson product is defective during the guarantee period, we reserve the right, at our discretion, to replace the Magnusson product with a product of equivalent quality and functionality or to provide a refund. This guarantee only applies to the country of purchase or delivery and is not transferrable to any other countries. This guarantee is non-transferrable to any other person or product. Relevant local law will apply to this guarantee. This guarantee is in addition to and does not affect your statutory rights relating to faulty goods as a consumer. Guarantee related queries should be addressed to a store affiliated with the distributor from which you purchased the Magnusson product.
Manufacturer
Kingfisher International Products Limited
1 Paddington Square
London
W2 1GG
United Kingdom
www.kingfisher.com/products
Distributor
B&Q Limited
Chandlers Ford
Hampshire
SO53 3LE
United Kingdom
www.diy.com
Returns policy
We want you to be delighted with the products you buy from B&Q but, if you do change your mind, you can return your purchase in its original condition within 90 days. You’ll just need the receipt, order confirmation, or sales invoice and we will exchange the product or issue a refund. Products can be returned to any B&Q, whether bought in-store or online.
Please note that we are unable to offer refunds or to exchange products that have been cut to size, made to measure or mixed to your individual requirements, or are not suitable to return due to health or hygiene reasons, if the product packaging has been opened after delivery or collection. Products which are liable to deteriorate or expire rapidly, including perishable products such as plants or turf, will not be exchanged or refunded unless they are faulty or incorrectly delivered. Your consumer rights are not affected.
If the product you purchase is faulty, or not as described, we may offer an exchange, refund or repair as appropriate.
YOUR CONSUMER RIGHTS ARE NOT AFFECTED.
Returns and refunds
Products purchased in store
You can return an item within 90 days of purchase from store, to any B&Q store.
Please bring your receipt or sales invoice with you as proof of purchase.
Please note that we are unable to offer refunds or to exchange products that have been cut to size, made to measure or mixed to your individual requirements. Products which are liable to deteriorate or expire rapidly, including perishable products such as plants or turf, will not be exchanged or refunded unless they are faulty or incorrectly delivered.
Products purchased for home delivery
You can return an item within 90 days of delivery to your home. More details can be found on our
Terms & Conditions page
.
Call us on
0333 014 3357
or email us at
home.delivery@b-and-q.co.uk
to arrange for your item(s) to be collected. Alternatively, you can return item(s) to your local B&Q store, but you must bring your order confirmation email or sales invoice and the credit or debit card used for payment or you may be declined a refund.
There is no charge for returning products to your local B&Q store. For certain products we offer a collection service. Please contact us for further details. We may charge a fee for this service (the fee will depend on the products returned, but will not exceed £50).
Products purchased using Click + Collect
You can return an item within 90 days of collection, to any B&Q store.
Please bring your Click + Collect order confirmation with you as proof of purchase.
Products purchased on diy.com from B&Q verified sellers:
Products bought from B&Q verified sellers are labelled “sold and shipped by B&Q verified sellers” on diy.com and on your order confirmation email. To arrange a convenient return of a product that is sold by a B&Q verified seller, Customers should arrange this directly with the Verified Seller. To do this, use the 'Contact Seller' link in the email relating to your order or your diy.com account. Some items bought from a B&Q verified seller are difficult to return at a B&Q store and should be sent directly to the Seller, these include:
Products (including packaging) that are larger than 100 x 70 x 60cm
Products weighing more than 30kg
Products containing lithium, glass, or ceramics
Products containing liquid or chemicals
When returning to a B&Q store, it is important to bring your product packaged ready for shipping. The store colleague will label your package and arrange the return of the product to the B&Q verified seller. You’ll need your order confirmation or sales advice and your original payment method. A refund will be issued once your return has been validated. Please note that products bought from B&Q verified sellers cannot be exchanged in B&Q stores.
Exchanges
If you prefer, you can exchange a product brought in-store, for home delivery or using Click & Collect in any B&Q store.
Please bring your receipt, order confirmation email or sales invoice with you a proof of purchase.
Products can be exchanged within 90 days of purchase from store, delivery to home or collection from one of Click & Collect desks.
Faulty products
If the product you purchase is faulty, we may offer a repair, exchange or refund as appropriate in accordance with your consumer rights.
Call
0333 014 3357
to arrange a collection, or return the item(s) to your local store with proof of purchase and the credit or debit card used for payment or you may be declined a refund or exchange. More details can be found on our
Terms & Conditions page
.
B&Q Club 10% diamond discount terms & conditions
From 3rd September 2018, B&Q Club members registered to receive the B&Q Club Diamond discount are entitled to a 10% discount (the Discount) every Wednesday in B&Q stores on qualifying gardening and Christmas products purchased and taken away on the day.
To receive the Discount you must present your membership card, key fob or digital membership card at the time of purchase.
The Discount is only available in store on Wednesdays on qualifying gardening and Christmas products purchased and taken away on the day.
The following products do not qualify for the Discount:
Exterior woodcare
Garden furniture paint
Fence paint
Gate furniture
Weatherproof sockets
Outdoor lights
Garage storage
Cabins
Summerhouses
Playhouses
The Discount cannot be used
On purchases made online at diy.com
On Click and Collect orders
On orders placed in store for home delivery
Only one Discount can be used per transaction.
The Discount is not transferable, cannot be applied retrospectively and cannot be used in conjunction with any other discounts, promotions, TradePoint cards, any other non-B&Q Club discount cards, vouchers or for the purchase of B&Q gift cards.
The Promoter reserves the right to refuse and or reject any Discount which it deems in its sole discretion to be fraudulent.
Voice of the customer feedback survey prize draw terms & conditions
The Voice of the Customer Monthly Survey £250 / €250 B&Q Voucher Prize Draw Terms & Conditions. The Promoter: B&Q Limited, B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler’s Ford, Eastleigh, SO53 3LE
Who can enter
This promotion is open to all residents of the UK and the Republic of Ireland aged 18 years and over, excluding employees of B&Q Limited, their families, agents or anyone else connected with the promotion.
How to enter
To enter the promotion, please complete the customer survey in full, agree to Prize Draw entry, these Terms & Conditions and provide your email address. Entries must be received by the final date of the given month. Any entries received after this date will be entered into the subsequent monthly Prize Draw.
Entry
Only one entry per person. Third party or multiple entries by the same person will not be accepted and we reserve the right to disqualify any entries we reasonably suspect to have been made fraudulently including through the use of bots, computer software or by any other means. We accept no responsibility for any lost, damaged, or incomplete entries or entries not received due to a technical fault or for any other reason beyond our reasonable control. By entering you agree to your first name and county being used for marketing purposes.
Prize details
The prize is a £250/€250 B&Q Physical Gift Card which will be delivered by recorded delivery Royal Mail post to the Winner. The Winner must provide B&Q Limited with their postal address to receive the prize upon notice that they have won. The prize is non-transferable or exchangeable and no cash alternative is available. We reserve the right to replace the prize with a prize of equal or greater value where it becomes necessary to do so.
Winner selection and prize fulfilment
One winner will be selected at random from all valid entries received across the multiple customer surveys administered by B&Q. We will contact the Winner via Email between 2nd and 9th day of the subsequent month. A second email will be sent one week later should no response be received. If the Winner fails to respond and/or claim the prize by the 21st day of the subsequent month we reserve the right to select an alternative Winner from the remaining valid entries and repeat this process until the Prize is claimed. The name and County of the winner will be made available on the 21st day of the subsequent month by emailing thevoiceofthecustomer@b-and-q.co.uk
Your data
We will process information about entrants in order to administer this promotion. For more information on how we use personal information, please see diy.com/customer-support/privacy. By entering this promotion, you agree and consent to the processing of your personal data by us and by any third party acting on our behalf for the purposes of the administration and operation of the promotion. Please note that we are obliged to either publish or make available on request the surname, county and, where applicable, the winning entry/entries of major prize winners. If you object to any of this information being made available in this way, please contact thevoiceofthecustomer@b-and-q.co.uk. We must nevertheless share this information with the Advertising Standards Authority where it becomes necessary to do so.
Your acceptance of these terms
We reserve the right to refuse entry or refuse to award any prize to anyone in breach of these Terms and Conditions and/or hold void, cancel, suspend or amend these Terms and Conditions where it becomes necessary to do so. Our decision on all matters relating to this promotion is final and binding. No correspondence will be entered into. By entering this promotion, you are deemed to have accepted and agreed to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.
Liability
Insofar as is permitted by law the Promoter and its agents and distributors will not in any circumstances be responsible or liable to compensate the Winner or accept any liability for any loss, damage, personal injury or death occurring as a result of taking up the prize except where it is caused by the negligence of the Promoter, its agents or distributors or that of their employees.
Governing law
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions restricts your statutory rights as a consumer. This promotion will be governed by English law and entrants submit to the jurisdiction of the English Courts.
WEEE terms & conditions clause
The UK’s Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) regulation aims to make sure the waste of electrical and electronic equipment is reduced, separated from household waste and disposed of in an environmentally friendly way. All new electrical and electronic products are marked with a crossed-out wheelie bin symbol, which means they should not be disposed of with your household waste.
For household electrical waste you can take back any unwanted small electrical products, or in the case of larger products where you have purchased the product from us and it is a like-for-like product, to a B&Q store free of charge.
Where you have purchased a large like-for-like electrical product from us within 28 days, we can collect it for a fee per item. Collection can be arranged through our Contact Management Centre on 0333 014 3529 and payment will be taken at time of booking. Visit
www.diy.com/services/weee
for more details.
(Please note, home collection is not applicable to the Channel Islands or Isle of Man. However, you can take items back to store).
The above applies to domestic electrical waste from private households only, if you’re a business customer, you agree that you are responsible for the collection, recovery and disposal of non-household electrical or electronic equipment.
Terms and conditions - Deliveroo local delivery
Delivery via Deliveroo available on selected products from selected stores only, delivery within 7km of applicable stores, restrictions apply. Subject to availability. Opening hours, delivery and service fees apply.
Paint takeback Terms & Conditions
All customers
1. This is a trial operating in our Coventry, Coventry Brandon Road, Halesowen, Kidderminster, Solihull,
Wolverhampton and Wednesbury stores for an initial period of four months from 1 February 2026 and
may be withdrawn by B&Q at any time.
2. Acceptance of paint for the B&Q paint takeback trial is subject to capacity.
3. B&Q reserves the right to reject paint for any reason.
4. Paint will only be accepted at the designated take back collection point in participating stores.
5. B&Q are currently only able to accept water-based non-hazardous paint.
6. The paint may not have any of the following symbols on the label on the container:
7. A maximum of 50 litres of paint will be accepted by B&Q per customer, per visit.
8. The waste paint must come from your home or have been produced by you at your place of work or
from your own business activities.
9. Customers must not bring paint from any other place or activity.
10. Paint may be dried or liquid.
11. The paint must be in its original container.
12. The paint container must be intact and safe and not leaking nor may it have any rust on the tin.
13. It must be possible to read the instructions on the label on the tin especially the health and safety text
and chemical ingredients.
Trade customers
14. You may only deposit paint with the following waste classification: non-hazardous paint: 20.01.28 (paint, inks, adhesives and resins other than those
mentioned in 20 01 27).
15. B&Q are providing this scheme in line with the Environment Agency’s Regulatory
Position [Statement 283, Guidance Documentation for business waste at take
back points: RPS 283.] Details of this are available by scanning the QR code:
16. You are responsible for complying with the conditions which apply to businesses
that deliver waste to the wholesaler or retailer under Regulatory Position
Statement 283
which are available at the link provided at the above QR code (including record
keeping requirements).
17. You are responsible for complying with your waste duty of care requirements.
The Waste duty of care: code of practice is available by scanning the QR code:
18. B&Q accepts no liability in respect of your compliance with your legal obligations.
19. B&Q is not providing advice on your legal obligations and the links above are
provided for information only
October £5 coupon promotion
Only one £5 coupon will be issued per transaction when spending £30 or more. The coupon entitles the bearer to £5 off a single transaction when spending £5 or more on goods available in store to take away on the day or on diy.com. Only one of these £5 coupons can be used at a time on a single transaction, but the coupon can be used in conjunction with other discount coupons or codes, promotions, multi buys and bulk buys. Cannot be used with any other discount cards such as staff discount or against the purchase of products from verified sellers on diy.com. Coupon is valid in B&Q stores (except Republic of Ireland or concessions) and on diy.com. Please note that the online code is case sensitive and must be entered as shown.  Coupon valid for one transaction only. No cash alternative is available. The coupon cannot be sold or applied retrospectively. B&Q reserves the right to reject any coupon it deems, in its sole discretion, to be forged, defaced, or otherwise tampered with. B&Q reserves the right to hold, void or suspend the promotion where it becomes necessary to do so. The offer is not valid on any of the B&Q partner sites. Coupon is valid for 28 days see expiry date printed on each coupon.
Terms & conditions of sale - B&Q products
These terms set out the basis on which we may sell products to you. Please read these terms carefully.
WE DRAW YOUR ATTENTION TO YOUR CANCELLATION RIGHTS IN CLAUSE 8 AND THE LIMITS OF OUR LIABILITY IN CLAUSE 10
1 Words used in these terms
1.1 In these Terms, when we say:
1.1.1
you
or
your
, we mean you, the customer ordering and purchasing Products;
1.1.2
we, us
or
our
, we mean the B&Q entity from whom you purchase Product(s), being (depending on the circumstances):
B&Q Limited a limited company registered in England (company number 00973387), whose registered office is B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom and whose VAT registration number is GB 232 5555 75 (this includes B&Q stores, and GoodHome by B&Q stores, which are both trading names of B&Q Limited)
B&Q Ireland Limited, a limited company registered in Ireland (company number 0156844), whose registered office is 6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Republic of Ireland and whose VAT registration number is IE 6554344D;
B&Q (Retail) Jersey Limited, a limited company registered in Jersey (company number 9769), whose registered office is 3rd Floor, 44 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey, JE4 9WG, and whose GST registration number is 879; or
B&Q (Retail) Guernsey Limited, a limited company registered in Guernsey (company number 2572), whose registered office is Redwood House, St Julian’s Avenue, St Peter Port, Guernsey, GY1 1WA;
1.1.3
Delivery Terms
, we mean the terms that apply to our Product delivery services, full details of which can be found in store and on our Website;
1.1.4
order
, we mean an order placed by you for Product(s) in store, through our Website, by telephone or using such other means as we may permit from time to time;
1.1.5
our agreement
, we mean our agreement as defined in clause 2.1;
1.1.6
Privacy Policy
, we mean our privacy policy, full details of which can be found on our Website;
1.1.7
Product
or
Products
, we mean the goods and products that we sell;
1.1.8
Terms
, we mean these terms and conditions of sale; and
1.1.9
Website
, we mean the website (
www.diy.com
or
www.diy.ie
(or such other URL as we may specify from time to time)) that is operated by us or on our behalf.
1.2 If you order Product(s) on behalf of a company, organisation or other entity, then (i)
you
(as defined in clause 1.1.1) includes you and that company, organisation or other entity, and (ii) you represent and warrant that you are authorised to bind the company, organisation or other entity to our agreement (including these Terms), and that you agree to our agreement (including these Terms) on behalf of yourself and the company, organisation or other entity.
1.3 These Terms set out the basis on which we may sell Products to you. Please read these Terms carefully. Subject to clause 3.5, by submitting an order for and/or purchasing any Product, you are indicating your acceptance of these Terms and you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not accept these Terms, you will not be able to order or purchase any Products from us.
1.4 These Terms are only in the English language. Our agreement will not be filed by us.
1.5 If you view these Terms via our Website, you should print a copy of these Terms or save them to your computing device for future reference.
2 Our agreement
2.1 Each order you place and purchase of Product(s) you make is subject to these Terms, our Delivery Terms (where relevant), and any additional terms that apply to any quote we may give or any promotional or special offers (together
our agreement
).
3 The order process and formation of the contract between us
3.1 Please see the How to shop section of our Website for information on how to place an order via the Website. You will have an opportunity to check and correct any input errors in your orders via the Website up until the point at which you submit your order by clicking the confirm order and pay (or similar) button on the check out page of our Website. Please carefully check your order at each stage of the order process. Once you have clicked the confirm order and pay (or similar) button, you will need to pay for the Products you have ordered via the Website.
3.2 Your order is an offer to purchase from us. When you place an order with us (or otherwise offer to make a purchase from us), you do so in accordance with the terms of our agreement, subject to our acceptance of your order (or offer to make a purchase). If you place an order via our Website (or where we have otherwise stated that we will), we will send you an email acknowledging receipt of your order, together with your order number and details of the Product(s) you have ordered. Please note this email is an acknowledgement and is not an acceptance of your order.
3.3 Unless we have notified you that we do not accept your order (or offer to make a purchase) or you have cancelled it in accordance with our returns policy, we accept your order (or offer to make a purchase) as follows:
3.3.1 subject to clauses 3.3.2 and 3.3.3, where you place an order via the Website, we accept your order when the Products are despatched to you or at the point the Products are collected by you in store (as the case may be);
3.3.2 where you place an order via the Website for Products which are cut, made to measure or mixed to your requirements, or otherwise customised or made to your specifications, we accept your order seven days after the date of your order or when we start to cut, make, mix or customise those Products, whichever is earlier;
3.3.3 where you place an order via the Website for Products which are liable to deteriorate or expire rapidly, including perishable Products (such as plants or turf), we accept your order seven days after the date of your order or when we start to prepare the Products for delivery or collection, whichever is earlier;
3.3.4 where you place an order in store, we accept your order when we provide you with a sales advice confirming that the order has been placed and processed; and
3.3.5 when you place an order by telephone, we accept your order when we confirm that the order has been placed and processed.
3.4 We may choose not to accept your order (or offer to make a purchase) for any reason and we will not be liable to you or to anyone else in those circumstances. If we do not accept your order (whether in whole or in part) we will refund any monies paid in connection with that order (or that part of the order that we do not accept).
3.5 Our agreement is formed when we accept your order (or offer to make a purchase). In relation to orders via the Website, where Products you have ordered fall within two or more of the Product types identified in clauses 3.3.1, 3.3.2 and 3.3.3, a separate agreement is formed for each Product when we accept your order for that Product. The processing of your payment and acknowledgment of receipt of your order (whether by email, telephone or otherwise) does not constitute legal acceptance of your order.
3.6 If we accept your order, we have a legal duty to supply our Products in conformity with our agreement.
4 Buying from us
4.1 You must be 18 or over to purchase Products from us via our Website. Certain Products (for example knives) can only be purchased if you satisfy the legal age requirement for that Product which can be found in the relevant Product description. We are not allowed by law to supply these Products to you if you do not satisfy these age requirements. If you are underage please do not attempt to order or purchase these Products. By ordering and/or purchasing Products you agree that you satisfy the legal age requirements for those Products. We reserve the right not to supply any age restricted Products where we reasonably believe that you are below the relevant legal age for those Products.
4.2 For safety reasons, we reserve the right to restrict sales of gas fittings and appliances to professionally registered plumbers and heating engineers.
4.3 We will take reasonable steps to display as accurately as possible the colours, appearance and other detailing of our Products (and their packaging) in the images that appear on the Website and in our catalogues and other media. However, we do not guarantee that the images, appearance and other detailing that appear on the Website and in our catalogues and other media will exactly reflect the colour, appearance or detailing of the physical Product (or its packaging). Your Products (and their packaging) may vary slightly from those images.
4.4 Natural products may show some colour variation. To the extent permitted by law, we accept no liability associated with such variations.
4.5 Any information on the Website and in our catalogues and other media regarding sizing, weights, capacities, specifications, dimensions and measurements of Products is included as a guide only. If you are concerned about the precise size, weight, capacity, specifications, dimensions or measurements of any Product you require, we recommend that you contact us prior to placing an order and/or purchasing a Product.
4.6 If your order includes Products that are made according to measurements you provide us, please ensure these measurements are correct and accurate as your right of return as set out in clause 8 below will not be available unless the Products are faulty or incorrectly delivered.
4.7 Where we agree to provide a specifically designed plan as part of or in connection with your order, you will be responsible for checking the accuracy and suitability of the plan and ensuring it meets your requirements before placing an order. Any such plan is, and remains, our property and may not be reproduced in whole or in part without our prior written consent. Any such plan may only be used by you in connection with a quotation or order for Products and/or services from us and/or the provision of Products and/or services by us to you. You are responsible for checking that the details of the plan, and any resulting quotation, are complete, accurate and meet your requirements before committing yourself to an order.
5 Price, delivery charges and availability
5.1 Unless otherwise stated, prices for Products are inclusive of applicable sales tax (including VAT (or GST in Jersey)). Sales tax will be applied and will be shown on your invoice at the current applicable rate. Sales tax amounts stated may be subject to rounding variances. The exact amount of sales tax will be shown on the sales tax invoice (where provided). This will not affect the total price inclusive of sales tax.
5.2 Prices for Products exclude delivery charges unless expressly stated otherwise. Delivery charges vary depending on the Product(s) you order, the delivery address and the delivery method you select; please see our Delivery Terms for further details. When you place an order via our Website, delivery charges are calculated automatically in your shopping basket depending on your choices and added to your order.
5.3 We may update prices at any time. Despite our best efforts, a small number of the thousands of products we sell may occasionally be mispriced. If this happens then we will not be obliged to supply the Products at the incorrect price or at all. We will (at our discretion) either cancel your order and refund the price you have paid or endeavour to contact you and ask you whether you wish to continue with the order at the correct price. If we are unable to contact you or you do not wish to continue with the order at the correct price, we will cancel your order and refund the price you have paid.
5.4 From time to time we may apply promotional prices to Products, including Website or in-store only prices. These promotional prices will only apply in the context in which the promotion is given and are subject to the terms of that promotion. For example, Website only prices will not be applicable to in-store orders or purchases, and in-store only prices will not be applicable to Website orders or purchases. To take advantage of promotional prices, you must quote the relevant promotion code when you order (where applicable). We may update promotions at any time.
5.5 Prices for commodity goods will be updated regularly, please visit our Website or ask in store for further details.
5.6 Where we provide a quote to you it will be subject to the terms and conditions applicable to that quote.
5.7 All Products are subject to availability. If you order Products which are not available from stock, we will cancel your order for those Products and refund the price you have paid for those Products.
6 Payment
6.1 The total cost of your order and/or purchases is the price of the Products and applicable delivery charges.
6.2 We must receive payment in advance before your order and/or purchase can be processed, unless we have agreed otherwise in advance in writing.
6.3 Payment can be made by most major credit or debit cards, and by other online payment methods (including PayPal Apple Pay and Google Pay) in accordance with the
payment methods section of our Website
(see “How can I pay when I shop on diy.com?”).
6.4 If you use a credit/debit card to pay for your order, you must use your credit/debit card or a credit/debit card that you are otherwise authorised to use. All credit/debit card holders are subject to validation checks by third parties and authorisation by the card issuer. If the issuer of the card refuses to authorise payment or any other validation checks return adverse results, we will not accept your order and we will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery and we are not obliged to inform you of the reason for the refusal. If you use PayPal to pay for your order and the issuer of the card or the payment provider that operates the account that you use to fund or which is linked with your PayPal account refuses to authorise payment, we reserve the right to reject your order and will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery and we are not obliged to inform you of the reason for the rejection.
6.5 We are not responsible for the card issuer or bank charging the cardholder as a result of our processing of the credit/debit card payment in accordance with your order.
6.6 You are responsible for all orders placed by your authorised employees.
7 Getting your Products
7.1 If you order Products for delivery then the terms that apply to that delivery will depend upon the Product(s) that you order, the delivery address and the delivery method you select. Unless we specifically agree otherwise, we only deliver to the areas indicated in our Delivery Terms. Depending on your location, some Products may only be available in store and some Products may not be available to purchase on our Website.
7.2 You can see a full set of our Delivery Terms on the Website.
7.3 Subject to availability and our Delivery Terms, where we have agreed to deliver the Products, we will use reasonable endeavours to do so on any specified date we agree, or if no date is specified, within 30 days of the date of your order. In the case of circumstances beyond our reasonable control (for example, adverse weather conditions, unpredictable delays caused by traffic congestion, road works, diversions or mechanical breakdowns, in each case to the extent beyond our reasonable control) we may not be able to deliver the Products within these timescales and we will not be liable for any delay or failure to deliver the Products if the delay or failure is wholly or partly caused by such circumstances. In the event that a delivery does not take place, we and you will agree an alternative delivery date.
7.4 You must also do all that you reasonably can to enable the delivery to take place on the given date. If we are unable to deliver the Products as a result of your action or inaction (for example, you are not present at your property), we will need to arrange an alternative delivery date and we reserve the right to charge you a further fee for this.
7.5 For reasons of health and safety and to avoid any property damage, certain Products can only be delivered to the exterior of a ground floor location at the delivery address. You must therefore make your own arrangements at your own risk if the relevant Products need to be transported from the delivery location. We will not provide any unpacking, installation, fitting or waste removal services, unless otherwise agreed by us.
7.6 Unless we have agreed otherwise, Products must be signed for on delivery by a person aged 18 or over. Delivery will be completed when we deliver the Products to the address you specified in your order.
7.7 If you do not receive your Products on the stated delivery date, you must notify us immediately. We recommend that you do not schedule or commence any installation work until after you have received your ordered Products and checked all of them for any defects or missing parts.
7.8 Each Product remains our property until you have paid for it in full or we have provided the Product to you (whichever occurs later), whereupon you will own the Product. On delivery of the Products to you or collection of the Products by you (as the case may be), the Products shall be at your risk and responsibility and you will be responsible for their safekeeping and we will not be responsible for any damage or fault arising from incorrect storage.
8 Cancellation and returns
8.1 Subject to clauses 8.2 to 8.5 (inclusive), the refunds policy will apply to anything you purchase from us. Please review the refunds policy here. Where your order comprises multiple delivery shipments, the 90-day returns period for the Products in your order runs from the date of the delivery of the last shipment to you.
8.2 The refunds policy is subject to the following exclusions:
8.2.1 Products which are cut, made to measure or mixed to your requirements, or otherwise customised or made to your specifications will not be exchanged or refunded unless they are faulty or incorrectly delivered;
8.2.2 Products which are liable to deteriorate or expire rapidly, including perishable Products such as plants or turf, will not be exchanged or refunded unless they are faulty or incorrectly delivered;
8.2.3 The returns policy does not apply to Products which are not suitable for return due to health or hygiene reasons, if you have opened the Product packaging after delivery or collection; and
8.2.4 The returns policy does not apply to Products which become mixed inseparatably with other items after delivery or collection (which may be the case where the Products are installed).
8.3 You must keep the Product(s) you wish to return in your possession and take reasonable care of the Product(s) at all times while they are in your possession. This means that you must not use the Products (except to the extent reasonably necessary to inspect and examine them).
8.4 We reserve the right to make a deduction from the amount of any refund for loss in value of the Products returned where the Products show signs of unreasonable use; for these purposes, unreasonable use includes handling the Products beyond what is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the Products, in particular, if it goes beyond the sort of handling that might reasonably be allowed in a shop. Where you are in possession of the Products (or they have been dispatched to you), we may withhold any refund until we have received the Products or you have supplied proof of return for the Products.
8.5 We reserve the right to require proof of identity.
Right to cancel – consumer
Clauses 8.6 - 8.20 (inclusive) apply to you only if you are a consumer. If you are a consumer, in addition to the rights set out above and in the refunds policy, you may have additional rights to cancel our agreement. It a consumer wants to obtain further advice about their right to cancel, in Ireland, they can contact the Competition and Consumer Protection Commission and, in the UK, they can contact their local authority Trading Standards Department or Citizens' Advice Bureau.
8.6 A consumer has a legal right to change their mind and cancel our agreement within 14 days of delivery of the Products ("
Cooling-off Period
") without giving a reason. This right, under the Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Charges) Regulations 2013 (in the UK) and the European Union (Consumer Information, Cancellation and Other Rights) Regulations 2013 (in Ireland), is explained in more detail below.Please note that a consumer’s right to change their mind does not apply to any bespoke Products a consumer purchases from us (i.e. products that we create to a consumer’s specification or are clearly personalised, including the excluded Products set out at clause 8.2 above).
8.7 The Cooling-off Period will expire 14 days from the day on which a consumer acquires, or a third party indicated by the consumer (other than the carrier) acquires, physical possession of the Products. A consumer may cancel our agreement in respect of all Products delivered or in respect of certain of the Products only.  Where a consumer buys multiple Products under our agreement or a Product is delivered in separate parts, lots or pieces, the cancellation period will expire 14 days from the day on which a consumer acquires, or a third party indicated by a consumer (other than the carrier) acquires, physical possession of the last Product, part, lot or piece being sold under our agreement.
8.8 To exercise the right to cancel, a consumer may inform us by:
8.8.1 calling us on 0333 0143357 (or 1800 946327 if you are calling from the Republic of Ireland) (lines are open 8am to 8pm weekdays, 8am to 8pm Saturday and 10am to 4pm Sunday), e-mailing us at
home.delivery@b-and-q.co.uk
, or writing to us at B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom, or for customers in the Republic of Ireland you can alternatively send to: B&Q Ireland Limited, 6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2 to cancel the order (or part of it) and arrange return;
8.8.2 returning your product to a B&Q store that is within the same jurisdiction as the store that it was purchased from, or for on-line and telephone orders to a store within the same jurisdiction to which the product was delivered. For example, if you buy a product in a store in the UK, you may return it to a store in the UK only; or if you order a product on-line that is delivered to you in the Republic of Ireland, you may return the product to a store in the Republic of Ireland only. In each case, please bring your proof of purchase and, where applicable, the credit/debit card used for payment; or
8.8.3 making any other clear statement.
A consumer may also use the following model cancellation form to do this but they are not required to do so:
Model Cancellation Form
To: B&Q Limited Address: B&Q Customer Services, B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom Email address:
home.delivery@b-and-q.co.uk
.
For customers in the Republic of Ireland you can alternatively send to B&Q Ireland Limited, 6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Republic of Ireland, Email address: home.delivery@b-and-q.co.uk
I/We(*) hereby give notice that I/We(*) cancel from my/our (*) contract of sale of the following goods(*)/for the provision of the following service*,
Ordered on(*) / received on(*)
Name of consumer(s),
Address of consumer(s),
Signature of consumer (only if this form is notified on paper)
Date
(*) Please delete if not applicable
8.9 To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for a consumer to send their communication concerning the exercise of their right to cancel before the Cooling-off Period has expired.
8.10 We will send a consumer an acknowledgement of receipt of their notice to cancel by email.
8.11 In relation to Products delivered to a consumer, a consumer may need to take delivery of the Products before a consumer can cancel their order if the Products are placed into our delivery process before we receive your notice of cancellation. This does not affect a consumer’s rights under this clause and clause 9. If a consumer cancels our agreement pursuant to clause 8.6, the consumer will receive a refund of all payments made by them (save for any additional costs in excess of the standard delivery charges for expedited delivery).
8.12 We will reimburse a consumer without undue delay, and not later than:
8.12.1 14 days after the day we receive back from a consumer any Products supplied (unless we agree that a consumer may dispose of the Product); or
8.12.2 If the Products have been delivered to the consumer, we may withhold reimbursement until we have received the Products back or the consumer has supplied evidence of having sent back the Products to us, whichever is the earliest.
8.13 If there were no Products delivered, we reimburse a consumer not later than 14 days after the day on which we are informed about the consumer's decision to cancel our agreement.
8.14 If the Products have been delivered to the consumer, we may withhold reimbursement until we have received the Products back or the consumer has supplied evidence of having sent back the Products to us, whichever is the earliest.
8.15 We may make a deduction from the reimbursement for loss in value of any Products supplied, if the loss is the result of unnecessary handling by a consumer. A consumer is only liable for any diminished value of the Products resulting from the unfair and/or unreasonable wear and tear of the Products other than what is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the Products. A consumer may make a deduction from any reimbursement (the Buyer is entitled to from the Seller) for such loss in value of any Products the Seller supplies.
How to return Products
8.16 If a consumer wishes to exercise their rights to a refund under this clause 8, a consumer must return the Products in accordance with clause 8.8.2. A consumer must arrange for the return of the Product(s) as soon as possible and in any event not later than 14 days after the day on which the consumer cancels their order, unless we agree that a consumer may dispose of the Products (in which case a consumer must comply with any disposal instructions).
8.17 Unless the Product(s) is(are) faulty or not as described or purchased and delivered simultaneously while we are in your property, a consumer will be responsible for the cost of returning the Product(s). For certain Products we offer a collection service. Please contact us for further details. We may charge a fee for this service (the fee will depend on the Products returned, but will not exceed £50 or €50 in the Republic of Ireland).
8.18 A consumer is responsible for taking reasonable care of the Products until they are returned to us. We recommend that the Products are returned to the Seller using a service that offers a tracking method and that the consumer keeps proof of postage. We will be unable to provide a consumer with a full refund if the Products are not returned to us or if they are damaged when they arrive.
Refund payments
8.19 Following cancellation, we will refund a consumer the price paid for the cancelled order (or part of the order cancelled), less any collection or return costs or charges (if any). Where a consumer cancels their entire order, we will also refund the standard delivery charges paid (if any), or an amount equal to those charges if a consumer elected to use a more expensive delivery method. Where a consumer cancels part of an order, we may recalculate any applicable delivery charge and deduct this from the refund.
8.20 If you paid for your order using a credit/debit card, we will refund you on the credit/debit card used to pay for the order; if you paid for your order by cheque, we will provide you with a cheque for the amount of the refund; if you paid for the order in cash, we will refund you in cash or, at our discretion, by cheque; if you paid for your order using a gift card, we will issue a credit note for the amount of the refund. If you paid for your order using an online payment service (such as PayPal, Apple Pay or Google Pay) , we will refund you on the account or using the online payment method you used to pay for the order, unless we agree otherwise with you.
YOUR CONSUMER RIGHTS ARE NOT AFFECTED
9 Faulty Products
9.1 On receipt of the Products you must check they match your order. If there is any problem, or if they are defective or damaged you must notify us as soon as is reasonably possible. Claims may be reduced or rejected if we have not been given an opportunity to put matters right.
9.2 In addition to the right to cancel an order as described in clause 8, if there is a problem with your order or the Product(s) you purchase is(are) faulty, we may make good any shortage or non-delivery, or offer a repair, exchange or refund as appropriate in accordance with your consumer rights. Please call us on 0333 0143357 (or 1800 946327 if you are calling from the Republic of Ireland) (lines are open 8am to 8pm weekdays, 8am to 8pm Saturday and 10am to 4pm Sunday) or e-mail us at
home.delivery@b-and-q.co.uk
to arrange. Alternatively, you can return faulty Products in store.
10 Liability
If you are acting as a consumer
10.1 If you are acting as a
consumer
(which for these purposes means anyone who acts outside the course of a business, trade or profession) in your ordering and/or purchasing of Products, to the extent not prohibited by law, we accept no liability for any:
10.1.1 loss which is not foreseeable (loss is foreseeable if it was an obvious consequence of our breach or if it was contemplated by you and us at the time you and we entered into our agreement);
10.1.2 loss which arises when we are not at fault or in breach of our agreement; and
10.1.3 business loss (which includes loss of profits, loss of business, contracts, goodwill, business opportunity and other similar losses).
10.2 If you are acting as a consumer, you may have certain legal rights regarding claims in respect of losses caused by our negligence or failure to carry out our obligations. Nothing in our agreement is intended to limit your legal rights as a consumer. For further information about your legal rights, in Ireland you can contact the Competition and Consumer Protection Commission and elsewhere your local authority Trading Standards Department or Citizens Advice Bureau.
If you are acting as a business customer
10.3 If you are acting in the course of a business, trade or profession in your ordering and/or purchasing of Products (a
business customer
), we shall have no liability to compensate you (whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty or otherwise), other than any refund we make under our agreement or otherwise at our discretion.
10.4 Without prejudice to clause 10.3, if you are acting as a business customer in your ordering and/or purchasing of Products, we accept no liability (whether arising in contract, tort (including negligence), for breach of statutory duty or otherwise) for any of the following losses:
10.4.1 loss of profits, revenue, sales, income, or business;
10.4.2 loss of savings;
10.4.3 loss of use or production;
10.4.4 loss of goodwill;
10.4.5 business interruption;
10.4.6 subject to clause 9, remedial costs if the Products are damaged or defective;
10.4.7 damage to property or possessions through use or misuse of the Products;
10.4.8 loss caused by delay or other late performance; and
10.4.9 indirect or consequential losses.
10.5 If you are acting as a business customer in your ordering and/or purchasing of Products, you acknowledge and agree that all our obligations to you are set out in our agreement.
10.6 If you are acting as a business customer in your ordering and/or purchasing of Products, except as set out in our agreement, all other terms, warranties, representations and conditions implied by statute, common law or otherwise (including fitness for purpose) are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
10.7 Subject to clause 10.8, we will not be responsible to you or, if you are undertaking work for another person, to any other person, for the use or installation of any Products by you (or on your behalf). Accordingly, as a business customer, you hereby agree to hold us harmless, and indemnify us, against any liability associated with any claim or allegation that we are responsible for any failings in the installation or use of Products that we supply.
Liability provisions that apply whether you act as a consumer or business customer
10.8 Nothing in our agreement limits or excludes our liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, death or personal injury caused by our negligence or for any other liability which cannot be limited or excluded by law.
10.9 Our Website, catalogues and other media may contain information and materials created and submitted by third parties, and, subject to clause 10.8, we exclude liability for all losses arising from any error, omission or inaccuracy in any such information and material.
11 Our rights to cancel
11.1 We may cancel our agreement by notice in writing to you if you are in breach of our agreement, you become unable to pay your debts when they fall due or proceedings are or are reasonably likely to be commenced by or against you alleging bankruptcy or insolvency or an administrator, receiver or administrative receiver is appointed or is reasonably likely to be appointed over all or part of your undertaking and assets. Upon cancellation, any money due to us in respect of our agreement which has been cancelled shall become immediately due and payable and we shall be under no further obligation to supply Products to you, provided that where you have paid for Products in advance of our cancellation of our agreement, we shall, at our discretion, supply those Products to you or cancel the supply of those Products and refund you the price paid for those Products.
12 Events beyond our control
12.1 We shall have no liability to you for any failure or delay in supply or delivery, nor if performance of any of our obligations is prevented or restricted, nor for any damage or defect to Products supplied or delivered under our agreement, in each case that is caused by any event or circumstance beyond our reasonable control (including, without limitation, the following to the extent these are outside our reasonable control: accidents, extreme weather conditions, fire, explosion, flood, storm, earthquake, natural disaster, failure of telecommunications networks, inability to use transport networks, acts of God, terrorist attack, war, civil commotion, riots, strikes, lockouts and other industrial disputes, acts or restraints of Government, and imposition of restrictions on imports or exports).
13 Disposal of electrical and electronic equipment
13.1 For purchases made in the UK. The WEEE regulations aim to ensure waste from certain electrical and electronic equipment is reduced, separated from household waste, and ultimately disposed of in a sound environmental manner. If you are a business customer (as defined above), you agree that the collection, recovery/treatment and disposal of non-household electrical or electronic equipment purchased from us will be your responsibility. In the case of household waste, please take this waste to your nearest designated collection facility (DCF). To find your nearest DCF go to www.recycle-more.co.uk. We are making financial contributions towards the running of these facilities and the onward recycling of this waste.
13.2 For purchases in Republic of Ireland. Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) and waste batteries must never be placed in any of your household wheelie bins. WEEE is taken back free of charge at electrical retail outlets on a one-for-one like-for-like basis. There is a container for small waste batteries in your local store. Local authority civic amenity facilities also take back WEEE and waste batteries free of charge. WEEE and waste battery recycling is free.
B&Q Ireland Ltd is registered with The Producer Register Limited in accordance with the provisions of article 12 of the European Union (Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment) Regulations 2014 (S.I. Number 149 of 2014) and is registered with The Producer Register Limited in accordance with the provisions of article 19 of the European Union (Batteries and Accumulators) Regulations 2014 (S.I. Number 283 of 2014).
The Producer Register Limited Registration No: IED0121WB.
14 Your information
14.1 In the course of our dealings with you we will collect and process personal information about you, including to administer and process your order, and to provide the Products. Further information on the manner in which we process personal information is set out in our Privacy Policy, a copy of which is available on our Website.
14.2 Calls to our contact centre may be monitored and/or recorded for quality control and training purposes.
15 Complaints
15.1 If you make a complaint, we will endeavour to keep you informed either by telephone or email at each stage of the complaints handling process and will endeavour to fully resolve your complaint as soon as possible.
16 Contacting us and you
16.1 If you have any questions, complaints or concerns with respect to your order or these Terms, please contact us as follows:
16.1.1 by telephone: on 0333 0143357 (or 1800 946327 if you are calling from Republic of Ireland) (lines are open 8am to 8pm weekdays, 8am to 8pm Saturday and 10am to 4pm Sunday);
16.1.2 by email at:
home.delivery@b-and-q.co.uk
; or
16.1.3 by post at: B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom or for customers in the Republic of Ireland you can alternatively send to: B&Q Ireland Limited, 6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2.
16.2 Any formal legal notices should be sent to B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom, marked for the attention of the Company Secretary of B&Q Limited.
16.3 If we have to contact you or give you notice in writing, we will do so by email or by hand or by pre-paid post to the address you provide to us in your order or we otherwise hold for you.
17 Governing law and venue for disputes
17.1 Subject to clause 17.2, you and we agree that our agreement is governed by the law of England and Wales and that any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with our agreement (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will only be dealt with by the courts of England and Wales.
17.2 Regardless of clause 17.1, you and we agree that if:
17.2.1 you are a consumer (as defined in clause 10.1) resident in a part of the United Kingdom other than England and Wales, the law of that part of the United Kingdom will apply to our agreement and any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with our agreement (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be dealt with by the courts located there;
17.2.2 you are a consumer (as defined in clause 10.1) resident in Ireland, Irish law applies to our agreement and any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with our agreement (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be dealt with by the Irish courts;
17.2.3 you are a consumer (as defined in clause 10.1) resident in Jersey, Jersey law applies to our agreement and any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with our agreement (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be dealt with by the Jersey courts; and
17.2.4 you are a consumer (as defined in clause 10.1) resident in Guernsey, Guernsey law applies to our agreement and any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with our agreement (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be dealt with by the Guernsey courts,
provided that, where we are allowed to do so by law, we may bring a claim against you in the courts of England and Wales.
17.3 Alternative Dispute Resolution
If we have been unable to resolve your complaint for you, you may wish to use the Alternative Dispute Resolution Service. B&Q Limited is a registered full member of The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman (“FHIO”) in the UK.
The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman is approved by the UK government to provide alternative dispute resolution services, ensuring that you have complete peace of mind when buying products and services from us. Although the FHIO is based in the UK the alternative dispute resolution services are available to our customers in all jurisdictions.
To find out more about the Furniture Ombudsman please visit
www.fhio.org
. Before going through the Dispute Resolution process please contact our Customer Service Team at OnlineDisputeResolution@b-and-q.co.uk who will try and resolve the issue for you in the first instance.
17.4
Payment Protection Scheme
The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman Payment Protection Scheme is a mechanism that has been devised to protect consumers who have paid 100% in advance of a home improvement installation (the supply and fit of a fitted kitchen, fitted bathroom, fitted bedroom, fitted home office or other installation including conservatories). The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman (“FHIO”) holds an amount of money in a Protected Account which can be drawn upon, if needed, to pay an award of compensation to a Consumer following a Legitimate Complaint being upheld in their favour. For more information about the Payment Protection Scheme, please visit
https://www.fhio.org/payment-protection-scheme
17.5
EU Online Dispute Resolution Platform
In addition to the Alternative Dispute Resolution Scheme please note that for disputes that arise as a result of an online purchase only, if you are in the EU, you may submit your complaint to the EU Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) platform via their website at
https://ec.europa.eu
. In the UK you may however wish to go direct to our Alternative Dispute Resolution provider, The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman, as detailed above.
18 Other important terms
18.1 If any provision of our agreement (including any provision in which we exclude or limit our liability to you) is found to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, the validity of the other provisions of our agreement and the remainder of the provision in question shall not be affected.
18.2 No person other than you and us shall have any rights to enforce our agreement, whether under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties Act) 1999 (if based in England and Wales) or otherwise.
18.3 If we fail to insist that you perform any of your obligations under our agreement, or if we do not enforce our rights against you, or if we delay in doing so, that will not mean that we have waived our rights against you and will not mean that you do not have to comply with those obligations. If we do waive a default by you, we will only do so in writing, and that will not mean that we will automatically waive any later default by you.
18.4 You may not assign or transfer your rights or obligations under our agreement, unless we agree in writing.
18.5 Before working with electricity, gas or water you should always consult an appropriate professional electrician or plumber with appropriate qualifications and accreditations (for example, Gas Safe or registered Gas Installer registered). Always read and follow any relevant manuals and safety instructions. When working with electricity always turn off the mains.
18.6 Asbestos may be found in some older properties. If you have any concerns about the presence of asbestos you should seek advice from a licensed asbestos company.
18.7 In connection with building work, we cannot advise on planning permission or building regulation issues. You are responsible for obtaining all necessary planning permission and local authority consents and permissions (and all other relevant consents and permissions) for any work to be carried out and allowing us or our agent to inspect these prior to the commencement of work.
18.8 We may update, vary and amend these Terms from time to time without prior notice. Each time you order or otherwise purchase a Product from us, the Terms in force at that time will apply (as set out on our Website or available in store). Please check in store or on our Website to ensure that you understand which Terms apply.
These Terms were last updated on 23 July 2021.
Terms & conditions of sale - Verified seller products
These terms set out the basis on which a verified seller may sell products to you. Please read these terms carefully.
1. Interpretation
1.1 These terms are entered into for the purchase of a product (the “Product”) on the online marketplace operated by B&Q Limited (the “Company”) known as “DIY.com” (the “Online Marketplace”) between the buyer (the “Buyer”) and the verified seller (the “Seller”) for delivery to and/or within the UK. Unless otherwise agreed, the Buyer and the Seller enters into this contract (this “Third Party Sales Contract”) on the following terms.
1.2 Except where information to the contrary is provided and verified, you are and shall be treated as acting as a “Consumer” for the purposes of interpreting this Third Party Sales Contract on the basis that in respect of a Product you are purchasing, you are acting for purposes that are wholly or mainly outside your trade, business, craft or profession.
1.3 This Third Party Sales Contract is only available in the English language and the Buyer will not file the contract that forms between the Buyer and the Seller. References to Seller in this Third Party Sales Contract is to a Seller which is a business corporation: (i) which may have its main business establishment for VAT purposes and its Products located inside or outside the United Kingdom; and (ii) is validly UK VAT registered. Reference to the Online Marketplace shall include the Company as operator of the Online Marketplace.
2. Commencement date and term
2.1 The Buyer’s order is an offer to enter into a contract with the Seller.
2.2 The Third Party Sales Contract is created when the Company (acting on behalf of the Seller) receives an order from a Customer through the Marketplace and the Company sends (acting on behalf of the Seller) an order confirmation to the Customer.. If after the confirmation email has been sent the Seller does not have the Product in stock, the Company (on behalf of the Seller) will notify the Buyer and provide a full refund to the Buyer for the Product that cannot be delivered.
2.3 The Third Party Sales Contract will continue until terminated in accordance with the terms of this Third Party Sales Contract.
3. Product
3.1 The Seller agrees to sell the Buyer the Product set out in the listing page for the Product on the Online Marketplace (the “Listing”).
4. Delivery
4.1 The Product shall be delivered to: (i) the Buyer’s address which must be situated in the United Kingdom; or (ii) where a click and collect option is selected, a Company store.
4.2 A Product will be the Buyer’s responsibility from the time the Product is delivered to the Buyer’s address or (where applicable) the Product is collected by the Buyer at a Company store. A Buyer will own a Product once it has been delivered to the Buyer or (where applicable) the Product is collected by the Buyer at a Company store.
5. Payment
5.1 The Buyer must pay the price for the Product as set out in the Listing, which price shall be inclusive of all applicable taxes, duties and additional charges relating to the Product (including any delivery charges unless separately stated for payment by the Buyer). The Seller may not require a Buyer to pay any amount other than the Price for the Product as set out in the Listing and any separately stated delivery charges.
5.2 If the Products have been delivered in accordance with clause 5.1, the amount due to the Seller (which is the Price minus all amounts paid and payable to the Company or which amounts the Company shall be entitled to retain or deduct in accordance with the terms agreed between the Company and the Seller) will be released to the Seller (subject to the terms agreed between the Company and Seller).
5.3 The Seller (and not the Buyer) has appointed the Company as its agent with the authority to promote the commercialisation of products and conclude this Third Party Sales Contract. Accordingly, the Online Marketplace collects payment for the Products as agent in the name of and behalf of the Seller and the Buyer’s obligation to pay amounts due under this Third Party Sales Contract shall be satisfied when the Online Marketplace collects such payment from the Buyer on the Seller’s behalf in respect of the relevant Products.
5.4 If the Buyer requests a VAT invoice in respect of any VAT charged by a Seller, then the Company may coordinate for the Seller (or each Seller in the case of multiple purchases) to issue a VAT invoice to the Buyer. The Seller shall issue a VAT invoice to the Buyer as required in accordance with Applicable Law relating to VAT. The Buyer consents to receive VAT invoices electronically in digital form.
6. Cancellation and returns
6.1 The refunds policy for the Product is set out here.
Right to cancel – Consumer Buyer
6.1 Clauses 6.2 to 6.15 only apply in cases where a Third Party Sales Contract has been concluded between a Seller and a Buyer who is a Consumer. They relate to a Consumer’s rights to cancel a Third Party Sales Contract and obtain a refund. Consumers can obtain advice about their right to cancel a Third Party Sales Contract from their local Citizens’ Advice Bureau or Trading Standards Office.
6.2 The Buyer has a legal right to change their mind and cancel the Third Party Sales Contract between them and a Seller within fourteen (14) days of delivery of the Products (“Cooling-off Period”) without giving a reason. This right, under the Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Charges) Regulations 2013, is explained in more detail below. Please note that the Buyer’s right to change their mind does not apply to any bespoke Products the Buyer purchases from the Seller (i.e. Products that the Seller creates to the Buyer’s specification or are clearly personalised). The Cooling-off Period will expire fourteen (14) days from the day on which the Buyer acquires, or a third party indicated by the Buyer (other than the carrier) acquires, physical possession of the Products. The Buyer may cancel the Contract in respect of all Products delivered or in respect of certain of the Products only. Where the Buyer buys multiple Products under a Third Party Sales Contract or a Product is delivered in separate parts, lots or pieces, the cancellation period will expire fourteen (14) days from the day on which the Buyer acquires, or a third party indicated by the Buyer (other than the carrier) acquires, physical possession of the last Product, part, lot or piece being sold under the Third Party Sales Contract.
6.3 To exercise the right to cancel, the Buyer must inform the Seller via the Online Marketplace of their decision to cancel the Third Party Sales Contract by making a clear statement (e.g. a letter sent by email). The Buyer may use the following model cancellation form to do this but they are not required to do so:
Model Cancellation Form
To: [name], [address]
E-mail address: [address]
I/We(*) hereby give notice that I/We(*) cancel from my/our (*) contract of sale of the following goods(*)/for the provision of the following service*,
Ordered on(*) / received on(*)
Name of consumer(s)
Address of consumer(s)
Signature of consumer (only if this form is notified on paper)
Date
(*) Please delete if not applicable
6.4 To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for the Buyer to send their communication concerning the exercise of their right to cancel before the Cooling-off Period has expired.
6.5 The Company will, on behalf of the Seller, send the Buyer an acknowledgement of receipt of the Buyer’s notice to cancel by email.
6.6 If the Buyer cancels the Third Party Sales Contract before the Products have been shipped by the Seller, the Seller must immediately inform the Company of the Buyer’s intention to cancel.
6.7 If the Buyer cancels a Third Party Sales Contract pursuant to clause 6.2, the Buyer will receive a refund of all payments made by them via the Online Marketplace acting in the name of and on behalf the Seller.
6.8 The Seller will reimburse the Buyer without undue delay, and not later than:
6.8.1 fourteen (14) days after the day the Seller (or, where applicable, the Company on the Seller’s behalf) receives back from the Buyer any Products supplied; or
6.8.2 (if earlier) fourteen (14) days after the day the Buyer provides evidence that they have returned the Products to the Seller (or, where applicable, the Company on the Seller’s behalf).
6.9 If there were no Products delivered, the Seller will procure that the Company reimburses the Buyer not later than fourteen (14) days after the day on which the Seller is informed about the Buyer’s decision to cancel this Third Party Sales Contract.
6.10 If the Products have been delivered to the Buyer, the Seller may withhold reimbursement until it has received the Products back or the Buyer has supplied evidence of having sent back the Products to the Seller (or, where applicable, the Company on the Seller’s behalf) whichever is the earliest.
6.11 The Seller may make a deduction from the reimbursement for loss in value of any Products supplied, if the loss is the result of unnecessary handling by the Buyer. The Buyer is only liable for any diminished value of the Products resulting from the unfair and/or unreasonable wear and tear of the Products other than what is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the Products. The Seller may make a deduction from any reimbursement (the Buyer is entitled to from the Seller) for such loss in value of any Products the Seller supplies.
How to return Products
6.12 If the Buyer wishes to exercise their rights to a refund under this clause 6, the Buyer must return the Products to the address(es) made available (which may include a B&Q store) through the ‘Contact seller’ or ‘Request a Return’ functionality on the Online Marketplace. The Seller will pay the costs of return, unless the Product weighs above 30kg, in which case the Seller has the right to charge the Buyer up to £50 for collecting the Product which is being returned.
6.13 The Buyer is responsible for taking reasonable care of the Products until they are returned to the Seller (or, where applicable, the Company on the Seller’s behalf). The Seller recommends that the Products are returned to the Seller (or, where applicable, the Company on the Seller’s behalf) using a service that offers a tracking method and that the Buyer keeps proof of postage. The Seller will be unable to provide the Buyer with a full refund if the Products are not returned to the Seller (or, where applicable, the Company on the Seller’s behalf) or if they are damaged when they arrive.
Refund payments
6.14 The Seller will make the reimbursement using the same means of payment as the Buyer used for the initial transaction; the Buyer will not incur any fees as a result of the reimbursement (unless the Seller is collecting a Product which weighs above 30kg, in which case the cost of the return will be deducted from the reimbursement amount (up to a maximum of £50)).
Other refunds
6.15 The Buyer has legal rights in relation to Products that are not as described, faulty or otherwise not fit for purpose. If the Buyer believes that any Products that they have ordered do not conform with the Third Party Sales Contract, they should contact the Seller via the Online Marketplace to attempt to resolve the dispute in the first instance. If the Buyer and the Seller are unable to resolve the dispute, either party may refer the dispute to the Company in accordance with clause 8.
7. Limitation of liability
7.1 Nothing in this Sales Contract excludes or limits either party’s liability for:
7.1.1 death or personal injury caused by that party’s negligence;
7.1.2 fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; and
7.1.3 any matter in respect of which it would be unlawful for that party to exclude or restrict its liability.
7.2 The Seller has a legal duty to supply Products that are in conformance with this Third Party Sales Contract.
8. Disputes
8.1 The Company is not a party to any Third Party Sales Contract and acts as agent in the name of and on behalf of the Seller in promoting the commercialisation of products and concluding Third Party Seller Contracts as between the Seller and the Buyer, and in handling certain related ancillary obligations on the Seller’s behalf. The Seller is responsible for responding to, and using best endeavours to resolve, issues that arise in relation to a Buyer which pertain to a Product or Listing of the Seller (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be irrespective of any obligation imposed under or by virtue of all Applicable Law for VAT purposes on the Company as a deemed supplier or otherwise in connection therewith). The Buyer acknowledges that any VAT obligation on the Company in its capacity as a deemed supplier by virtue of Applicable Law (including any VAT invoice required to be issued by the Company in such capacity to the Buyer) shall have no effect on the Seller’s obligations to the Buyer under this Third Party Sales Contract.
8.2 If the dispute between a Buyer and Seller cannot be resolved:
8.2.1 the Company will read through the full communication between the Seller and the Buyer via the Online Marketplace to assess the situation;
8.2.2 for Products from a particular Seller in an order which, when considered together, are priced up to and including £50.00 (excluding any applicable VAT), the Company may make an automatic decision to resolve the situation and, if so, the Company will inform the Seller and the Buyer of such resolution. The resolution can include paying the Buyer a full refund. The Seller and the Buyer agree to abide, and comply with, such resolution; and
8.2.3 for Products from a particular Seller in an order which, when considered together, are priced above £50.00 (excluding any applicable VAT), the issue will be escalated to the Company’s account manager who will assess the issue, contact the Seller and discuss and propose a solution. If the Company fails to get a response by the Seller within twenty-four (24) hours of such contact, the Company reserves the right to resolve the dispute regardless of the Price of the item. The Seller and the Buyer agree to abide, and comply with, such resolution. The Company’s account manager might request the Seller to provide evidence of (by way of example only) delivery of the relevant Product (e.g. carrier confirmation of delivery) and/or return pick up of the item. The Seller is responsible for providing evidence and acknowledges that if the Seller fails to do so, the Company’s account manager is likely to decide to resolve the issue in favour of the Buyer. The Company will use reasonable endeavours to resolve any dispute within seventy-two (72) hours of the Seller or the Buyer providing the required evidence (as required by the Company).
8.3 The Company will not be acting as an arbitrator in relation to any dispute and either party to a dispute will be entitled to pursue legal action at any time.
9. Termination of sales contract
9.1 This Sales Contract will terminate:
9.1.1 if the Buyer exercises a right to cancel in accordance with clause 6;
9.1.2 when the Products are delivered to the Buyer’s address; or 9.1.3 when a party’s Account is terminated by the Company.
10. Online dispute resolution
Please note that for disputes that arise as a result of an online purchase only, if the Buyer is resident in a European Union member state, the Buyer may submit the Buyer’s complaint to the EU Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) platform via their website at http://ec.europa.eu/odr. Before going through this dispute resolution process please contact the Company’s Customer Service Team at OnlineDisputeResolution@b-and-q.co.uk who will try and resolve the issue for the Buyer in the first instance.
11. Governing law
11.1 This Third Party Sales Contract is governed by English law. This means that any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with this Third Party Sales Contract (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be governed by English law.
11.2 Unless the Buyer is a Consumer, the Buyer and the Seller irrevocably agree that the courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim (including non-contractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with this Third Party Sales Contract or its subject matter or formation.
11.3 If the Buyer is a Consumer, the Buyer may bring any dispute which may arise under this Third Party Sales Contract to, at the Buyer’s discretion, either the competent court of England, or to the competent court of the Buyer’s country of habitual residence if this country of habitual residence is an EU Member State, which courts are (with the exclusion of any other court) competent to settle any of such a dispute. The Seller shall bring any dispute which may arise under this Sales Contract to the competent court of the Buyer’s country of habitual residence if this is in an EU Member State or otherwise the competent court of England.
11.4 If the Buyer is a Consumer, the Buyer will benefit from any mandatory provisions of the law of the country in which they are resident. Nothing in this Third Party Sales Contract, including clause 11.1, affects the Buyer’s rights as a Consumer to rely on such mandatory provisions of local law.
These terms and conditions were updated July 2025
.
Terms and conditions - Hire products
These terms set out the basis on which we may hire products to you. Please read these terms carefully.
WE DRAW YOUR ATTENTION TO YOUR CANCELLATION RIGHTS IN CLAUSE 12 AND THE LIMITS OF OUR LIABILITY IN CLAUSE 13.
1 Words used in these terms
1.1 In these Terms, when we say:
1.1.1
you
or
your
, we mean you, the customer ordering and hiring the Hire Products;
1.1.2
we
,
us
or
our
, we mean B&Q Limited a limited company registered in England (company number 00973387), whose registered office is B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom and whose VAT registration number is GB 232 5555 75 (this includes B&Q stores, and GoodHome by B&Q stores, which are both trading names of B&Q Limited);
1.1.3
Hire Period
, we mean the period commencing from when you hold the Hire Products on hire (including Saturdays, Sundays and Bank Holidays) and ending upon the happening of either of the following events (i) you return the Hire Products or (ii) the Hire Products are repossessed or collected. You will only be able to hire the Hire Products for the hire period set out in your order and if you wish to extend your order, you will be required to submit a new order;
1.1.4
Hire Product
or
Hire Products
, we mean the products that we hire out to you including any accessories hired by you as specified in the order;
1.1.5
order
, we mean an order placed by you for Hire Products using our in-store process, through our Website or using such other means as we may permit from time to time;
1.1.6
our agreement
, we mean our agreement as defined in clause 2.1;
1.1.7
Privacy Policy
, we mean our privacy policy, full details of which can be found on our Website; https://www.diy.com/customer-support/privacy
1.1.8
Speedy Hire
¸ we mean our third party supplier Speedy Asset Services Limited, a limited company registered in England (company number 06847930) whose registered office is at Chase House, 16 The Parks, Newton Le Willows, Merseyside, WA12 0JQ, who provide certain services on our behalf in relation to orders and Hire Products;
1.1.9
Terms
, we mean these terms and conditions of hire; and
1.1.10
Website
, we mean the website www.diy.com (or such other URL as we may specify from time to time) that is operated by us or on our behalf.
1.2 If you order Hire Products on behalf of a company, organisation or other entity, then (i) you (as defined in clause 1.1.1) includes you and that company, organisation or other entity, and (ii) you represent and warrant that you are authorised to bind the company, organisation or other entity to our agreement (including these Terms), and that you agree to our agreement (including these Terms) on behalf of yourself and the company, organisation or other entity.
1.3 These Terms set out the basis on which we may hire Hire Products to you. Please read these Terms carefully. Subject to clause 3.5, by submitting an order for and/or hiring any Hire Product, you are indicating your acceptance of these Terms and you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not accept these Terms, you will not be able to order or hire any Hire Products from us.
1.4 These Terms are only in the English language. Our agreement will not be filed by us.
1.5 If you view these Terms via our Website, you should print a copy of these Terms or save them to your computing device for future reference.
2 Our agreement
2.1 Each order you place for the hire of Hire Products you make is subject to these Terms and any additional terms that apply to any quote we may give or any promotional or special offers (together our agreement).
2.2 Although Speedy Hire may carry out certain services on our behalf, our agreement is between you and us and not you and Speedy Hire.
3 The order process and formation of the contract between us
3.1 Please see the tool hire page online or point of sale material in-store for information on how to place an order via the Website. You will have an opportunity to check and correct any input errors in your orders via the Website up until the point at which you submit your order by clicking the confirm order and pay (or similar) button on the check out page of our Website. Please carefully check your order at each stage of the order process. Once you have clicked the confirm order and pay (or similar) button, you will need to pay for the Hire Products you have ordered via the Website.
3.2 Your order is an offer to hire from us. When you place an order with us (or otherwise offer to make a hire from us), you do so in accordance with the terms of our agreement, subject to our acceptance of your order (or offer to hire a Hire Product). If you place an order via our Website (or where we have otherwise stated that we will), we will send you an email acknowledging receipt of your order, together with your order number and details of the Hire Products you have hired. Please note this email is an acknowledgement and is not an acceptance of your order.
3.3 Once an order is placed, you will receive a telephone call from Speedy Hire to the number you provided when placing your order on the same working day as the order was placed (being Monday to Friday 7.30am to 5pm but not Bank Holidays) or, if you did not place an order on a working day, on the next working day (Monday to Friday 7.30am - 5pm but not Bank Holidays). Speedy Hire will on our behalf confirm the details and availability of the Hire Product(s), confirm your contact details and delivery address, agree a delivery date and time, and discuss any special delivery instructions.
3.4 Unless we have notified you that we do not accept your order (or offer to hire a Hire Product) or you have cancelled it in accordance with our cancellation policy at clause 12, where you place an order in store or via the Website we accept your order (or offer to hire a Hire Product) when a date and time for delivery has been arranged with Speedy Hire on our behalf and you have received written confirmation from us (or from Speedy Hire on our behalf) setting out this information.
3.5 We may choose not to accept your order (or offer to make a hire) for any reason and we will not be liable to you or to anyone else in those circumstances. If we do not accept your order (whether in whole or in part) we will refund any monies paid in connection with that order (or that part of the order that we do not accept).
3.6 Our agreement is formed when we accept your order (or offer to make a hire). The processing of your payment and acknowledgment of receipt of your order (whether by email, telephone or otherwise) does not constitute legal acceptance of your order.
3.7 If we accept your order, we have a legal duty to supply the Hire Products in conformity with our agreement.
3.8 The hiring of Hire Products in the relevant Hire Period shall form a distinct order which shall be separate to any other order you may place with us relating to other goods you may have purchased to use alongside the Hire Products.
4 Hiring from us
4.1 You must be 18 or over to hire Hire Products from us and you will be required to present your ID to the delivery driver upon delivery of the Hire Products. Certain Hire Products can only be hired if you satisfy the legal age requirement for that Hire Product which can be found in the relevant Hire Product description. We are not allowed by law to supply these Hire Products to you if you do not satisfy these age requirements. If you are underage please do not attempt to order or hire these Hire Products. By ordering and/or hiring Hire Products you agree that you satisfy the legal age requirements for those Hire Products. We reserve the right not to supply any age restricted Hire Products where we reasonably believe that you are below the relevant legal age for those Hire Products. If we do not supply you with Hire Products that you have ordered (whether in whole or in part) we will refund any monies paid in connection with that order (or that part of the order that we do not accept).
4.2 We will take reasonable steps to display as accurately as possible the colour, appearance and other detailing of our Hire Products (and their packaging, if applicable) in the images that appear on the Website and in our catalogues and other media. However, we do not guarantee that the images, appearance and other detailing that appear on the Website and in our catalogues and other media will exactly reflect the colour, appearance or detailing of the physical Hire Product (or its packaging, if applicable). Your Hire Products (and their packaging, if applicable) may vary slightly from those images. If we cannot supply certain a Hire Product we may need to substitute them with an alternative Hire Product of equal or better standard and value.
4.3 Any information on the Website and in our catalogues and other media regarding sizing, weights, capacities, specifications, dimensions and measurements of Hire Products is included as a guide only. If you are concerned about the precise size, weight, capacity, specifications, dimensions or measurements of any Hire Product you require, we recommend that you contact us prior to placing an order and/or hiring a Hire Product. We reserve the right to provide Hire Products similar or comparable to that ordered by you.
4.4 Our employees or agents are not authorised to make any representations concerning the Hire Products unless confirmed in writing (this does not include on our Website or in our catalogues) and any advice or recommendation given by us to you as to the storage, application or use of the Hire Products which is not confirmed in writing (this does not include on our Website or in our catalogues) is followed or acted upon entirely at your own risk.
4.5 You shall obtain and comply with all permissions, consents and licences required for using the Hire Products for your intended purpose under any applicable law. You shall be responsible for compliance with all applicable law and regulations issued by Government or local authorities, including (but not limited to) regulations under the Factories Acts and Health and Safety at Work Act.
5 Price, hire charges and delivery
5.1 Unless otherwise stated, prices for Hire Products are inclusive of applicable sales tax (including VAT) and delivery and collection charges. Sales tax will be applied and will be shown on your invoice at the current applicable rate. Sales tax amounts stated may be subject to rounding variances. The exact amount of sales tax will be shown on the sales tax invoice (where provided). This will not affect the total price inclusive of sales tax.
5.2 We may update prices at any time. Despite our best efforts, a small number of the Hire Products we hire may occasionally be mispriced. If this happens then we will not be obliged to supply the Hire Products at the incorrect price or at all. We will (at our discretion) either cancel your order and refund the price you have paid or endeavour to contact you and ask you whether you wish to continue with the order at the correct price. If we are unable to contact you or you do not wish to continue with the order at the correct price, we will cancel your order and refund the price you have paid.
5.3 From time to time we may apply promotional prices to Hire Products, including Website or in-store only prices. These promotional prices will only apply in the context in which the promotion is given and are subject to the terms of that promotion. For example, Website only prices will not be applicable to in-store orders or hires, and in-store only prices will not be applicable to Website orders or hires. To take advantage of promotional prices, you must quote the relevant promotion code when you order (where applicable). We may update promotions at any time.
5.4 Where we provide a quote to you it will be subject to the terms and conditions applicable to that quote.
5.5 All Hire Products are subject to availability. If you order a Hire Product which is not available, we will cancel your order for that Hire Product and refund the price you have paid for that Hire Product. We will not be liable for any loss suffered by you as a result of the Hire Product being unavailable for hire.
5.6 Any weekend Hire Period is from Friday to Monday only (including Bank Holidays). Any week Hire Period is from seven days starting on any day Monday to Friday (including Bank Holidays). Orders must be placed within 3 working days of your desired Hire Period.
5.7 You will only be able to hire the Hire Products for the Hire Period set out in your order and if you wish to extend your order, you will be required to submit a new order. If you wish to shorten your Hire Period, you can contact Speedy Hire who will seek to arrange for an earlier collection of the Hire Product.
6 Payment
6.1 The total cost of your order is the price of the Hire Products and applicable delivery / collection charges.
6.2 We must receive payment in advance before your order and/or hire can be processed, unless we have agreed otherwise in advance in writing.
6.3 Payment can be made by most major credit or debit cards, and by other online payment methods (including PayPal, Apple Pay and Google Pay) in accordance with the payment methods section of our Website (see “How can I pay when I shop on diy.com?”).
6.4 If you use a credit/debit card to pay for your order, you must use your credit/debit card or a credit/debit card that you are otherwise authorised to use. All credit/debit card holders are subject to validation checks by third parties and authorisation by the card issuer. If the issuer of the card refuses to authorise payment or any other validation checks return adverse results, we will not accept your order and we will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery and we are not obliged to inform you of the reason for the refusal. If you use PayPal to pay for your order and the issuer of the card or the payment provider that operates the account that you use to fund or which is linked with your PayPal account refuses to authorise payment, we reserve the right to reject your order and will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery and we are not obliged to inform you of the reason for the rejection.
6.5 We are not responsible for the card issuer or bank charging the cardholder as a result of our processing of the credit/debit card payment in accordance with your order.
6.6 You are responsible for all orders placed by your authorised employees.
7 Delivery and collection of your hire products
7.1 The following terms will apply to delivery and collection of the Hire Products. We only deliver Hire Products to and collect them from the territories set on the tool hire landing page section of our Website.
7.2 Delivery of your Hire Product will be scheduled with Speedy Hire who will contact you on the same working day that you placed your order (provided your order is placed on a working day – see clause 3.3) or, if you did not place an order on a working day, on the next working day to arrange a date and time for delivery.
7.3 On the day your Hire Period ends, Speedy Hire will contact you in the morning to arrange a time that same day for collection of the Hire Product.
7.4 Subject to availability, where we have agreed to deliver or collect the Hire Products, we will use reasonable endeavours to do so on any specified date and/or time that is agreed. In the case of circumstances beyond our reasonable control (for example, adverse weather conditions, unpredictable delays caused by traffic congestion, road works, diversions or mechanical breakdowns, in each case to the extent beyond our reasonable control) the Hire Products may not be able to be delivered or collected at the specified date and/or time and we will not be liable for any delay or failure to deliver or collect the Hire Products if the delay or failure is wholly or partly caused by such circumstances. In the event that a delivery or collection does not take place, Speedy Hire will call you to agree an alternative date and/or time and, in the case of delivery of Hire Products, your Hire Period will commence on the day of successful delivery or, if no alternative delivery date and/or time is agreed, you may cancel your order and receive a refund.
7.5 You must also do all that you reasonably can to enable the delivery or collection to take place on the given date. If we are unable to deliver or collect the Hire Products as a result of your action or inaction (for example, you are not present at your property), we will need to arrange an alternative delivery / collection date and/or time and we reserve the right to charge you a further fee for this. Speedy Hire will call you to agree an alternative delivery / collection date and/or time. If an alternative delivery date is agreed, this will not change the confirmed end date of the Hire Period. If an alternative delivery date and/or time is not agreed, you will not be entitled to any refund unless you are entitled to cancel our agreement in accordance with clause 12. If an alternative collection date and/or time is not agreed, we reserve the right to take steps to repossess the Hire Products and/or hold you liable for the full replacement cost of the Hire Products.
7.6 You shall provide a suitable access route for delivery and collection of the Hire Products with unrestricted entry and approach, and supply and lay timbers or appropriate temporary foundations in a suitable position for loading and unloading and for the Hire Products to rest on. You shall pay for any lifting or special apparatus required for the siting of the Hire Products.
7.7 For reasons of health and safety and to avoid any property damage, certain Hire Products can only be delivered to and collected from the exterior of a ground floor location at the delivery address. You must therefore make your own arrangements at your own risk if the relevant Hire Products need to be transported from the delivery location or to the collection location. Neither us nor Speedy Hire will provide any unpacking, installation, fitting or waste removal services, unless otherwise agreed with us.
7.8 Hire Products must be signed for on delivery by a person aged 18 or over and you will be required to present your ID to the courier upon acceptance of the Hire Products. If you do not present your ID, we will not be able to complete your order.
7.9 Delivery will be completed when the Hire Products are delivered to the address you specified in your order.
7.10 Collection will be completed when the Hire Products are collected from the address you specified in your order.
7.11 On completion of delivery or collection, you will receive an electronic signed delivery or collection note via email from Speedy Hire. The delivery or collection note will (i) contain your order details, (ii) request you to complete a customer questionnaire regarding the Hire Products, (iii) contain photos of the Hire Products on delivery or collection, and (iv) set out the GPS location of where the relevant details were recorded and the Hire Products delivered or collected.
7.12 If you do not receive your Hire Products on the stated delivery date, your Hire Products are not collected on the stated collection date or the wrong Hire Product is delivered, you must notify Speedy Hire immediately. We recommend that you do not schedule or commence any work until after you have received your ordered Hire Products and checked all of them for any defects or missing parts.
7.13 If you wish to change your delivery date, you can contact Speedy Hire who will amend the delivery date for you, subject to the availability of the Hire Products. If the Hire Products are available on your requested dates, the Hire Period will commence on the new delivery date.
7.14 If you wish to amend your delivery address, you can contact Speedy Hire who will amend the delivery address for you (provided the proposed new address is within the territory to which we deliver Hire Products). However, if a request is made to amend the delivery address, the delivery date and/or time may change as a result and is also subject to the availability of the Hire Products. If the Hire Products are available to deliver to an alternative delivery address but on a different delivery date, the Hire Period will commence on the new delivery date.
8 Risk, ownership and insurance
8.1 Risk in the Hire Products will pass to you immediately when the Hire Products leave the physical possession or control of Speedy Hire at the agreed delivery address.
8.2 Risk in the Hire Products will not pass back until the Hire Product is returned to the physical possession or control of Speedy Hire at the agreed collection address.
8.3 Ownership of the Hire Products remains with Speedy Hire at all times. You have no right, title or interest in the Hire Products except that they are hired to you and used by you strictly in accordance with these Terms.
8.4 You must not deal with the ownership or any interest in the Hire Products. This includes but is not limited to selling, assigning, mortgaging, pledging, charging, securing, hiring, withholding, exerting any right to withhold, parting company with, disposing of and/or lending.
8.5 You must not attach the Hire Products to any land or building so as to cause those Hire Products to become a permanent or immovable fixture on such land or building.
9 Care of hire products
9.1 You shall while the Hire Products are in your possession or control:
9.1.1 not deface or remove any labels from and/or interfere with the Hire Products, their working mechanisms or any other parts of them;
9.1.2 take reasonable care of the Hire Products and keep them properly maintained and only use them for their proper purpose in a safe and correct manner in accordance with any operating and/or safety instructions provided to or supplied to you and any applicable law or regulations (including any Institution of Electrical Engineers (IEE regulations));
9.1.3 notify Speedy Hire on the telephone number stated on your order confirmation immediately and in any event within two working days after any breakdown, loss and/or damage to the Hire Products or of any accident resulting in death, personal injury or damage to property;
9.1.4 take adequate and proper measures to protect the Hire Products from theft, damage and/or other risks;
9.1.5 permit us and Speedy Hire at all reasonable times to inspect the Hire Products including procuring access to any property where the Hire Products are situated;
9.1.6 keep the Hire Products at all times in your possession and control and not remove the Hire Products from the United Kingdom;
9.1.7 be responsible for the conduct of any testing, examinations and/or checks in relation to the Hire Products required by any operating and/or safety instructions provided or supplied to you;
9.1.8 check the calibration and settings of the Hire Products on each occasion before use;
9.1.9 not do or omit to do anything which will or may be deemed to invalidate any policy of insurance related to the Hire Products;
9.1.10 not continue to use Hire Product where it has been damaged; and
9.1.11 where the Hire Product requires fuel, oil and/or electricity ensure that the proper type and/or voltage is used and that, where appropriate, the Hire Product is properly installed by a qualified and competent person.
9.2 You must return the Hire Product in good working order and condition (fair wear and tear excepted) in a clean condition together with all licences, registration and other documents relating to the Hire Product.
9.3 Final determination of the suitability of the Hire Products for your specific use is your responsibility and you must assume all risk and liability in this regard.
10 Faulty products and breakdowns
10.1 On receipt of the Hire Products you must check they match your order. You must notify Speedy Hire on the telephone number stated on your order confirmation as soon as is reasonably possible if:
10.1.1 there is a problem with the Hire Product;
10.1.2 the Hire Product is defective or damaged;
10.1.3 there are missing parts or the Hire Product is not working; or
10.1.4 you are unable to operate the Hire Product.
In addition to the right to cancel an order as described in clause 12, if there is a problem with the Hire Products or they are faulty we may offer a repair, exchange or refund as appropriate in accordance with your consumer rights.
10.2 Unless we advise you otherwise, you shall be responsible for all expenses, loss (including loss of payment) and/or damage suffered by us arising from any breakdown of the Hire Product due to your negligence, failure to follow instructions and/or misuse of the Hire Product or arising from your continued use of the Hire Product after it has suffered a breakdown.
10.3 You must not repair or attempt to repair the Hire Product.
11 Loss or damage to products
11.1 If any Hire Product is returned in a damaged, unclean and/or defective state (except where due to fair wear and tear and/ or an inherent fault in the Hire Product) we reserve the right to hold you liable for the cost of any repair and/or cleaning required to return the Hire Product to a condition fit for re-hire.
11.2 Unless we advise you otherwise, you will be liable to pay to us the replacement cost of any Hire Product (on a new for old basis) which is lost, stolen and/or damaged beyond economic repair during the Hire Period.
11.3 You will pay to us our costs which we may incur in tracking or recovering any lost or stolen Hire Product.
12 Cancellation - Consumer
Clauses 12.1 to 12.13 (inclusive) apply to you only if you are a consumer. If you are a consumer, in addition to the rights set out above , you may have additional rights to cancel our agreement. If a consumer wants to obtain further advice about their right to cancel in the UK they can contact their local authority Trading Standards Department or Citizens' Advice Bureau.
12.1 A consumer has a legal right to change their mind and cancel our agreement within 14 days of receiving an order confirmation ("Cooling-off Period") without giving a reason. This right, under the Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Charges) Regulations 2013 (in the UK), is explained in more detail below.
12.2 You must keep the Hire Products you wish to return in your possession and take reasonable care of the Hire Products at all times while they are in your possession (including as set out in clause 9). This means that you must not use the Hire Products (except to the extent reasonably necessary to inspect and examine them).
12.3 The Cooling-off Period will expire 14 days from the day on which a consumer receives the order confirmation. A consumer may cancel our agreement in respect of all Hire Products or in respect of certain Hire Products or may wish to reduce the number of Hire Products, change a Hire Product for another Hire Product or add a Hire Product to the order. Where a consumer hires multiple Hire Products under our agreement and the consumer wishes to cancel their order for any of the Hire Products individually or in combination, the consumer must be clear that it is either the whole order or an individual Hire Product that is being cancelled.
12.4 If the Hire Period stated in your order will start within the Cooling-off Period you expressly agree that we can deliver the Hire Products to you and the Hire Period will start within the Cooling-off Period.
12.5 If the Hire Period has finished within the Cooling-off Period you cease to have a statutory right to cancel our agreement.
12.6 To exercise the right to cancel, a consumer may inform us by
12.6.1 calling us on 0333 0143357 (lines are open 8am to 8pm weekdays, 8am to 8pm Saturday and 10am to 4pm Sunday), e-mailing us at home.delivery@b-and-q.co.uk, or writing to us at B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom; or
12.6.2 making any other clear statement.
A consumer may also use the following model cancellation form to do this but they are not required to do so:
Model Cancellation Form
To: B&Q Limited Address: B&Q Customer Services, B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom Email address:
home.delivery@b-and-q.co.uk
.
I/We(*) hereby give notice that I/We(*) cancel from my/our (*) contract of hire of the following goods(*)/for the provision of the following service*,
Ordered on(*) / received on(*)
Name of consumer(s),
Address of consumer(s),
Signature of consumer (only if this form is notified on paper)
Date
(*) Please delete if not applicable
12.7 Subject to clauses 12.4 and 12.5, to meet the cancellation deadline it is sufficient for a consumer to send their communication concerning the exercise of their right to cancel before the Cooling-off Period has expired.
12.8 We will send a consumer an acknowledgement of receipt of their notice to cancel by email or confirm if you do not have a right to cancel.
12.9 In the event the Hire Products have been delivered within the Cooling-off Period and then the consumer wishes to cancel the hire of the Hire Product before the end of the Hire Period or the consumer wishes to cancel the order on the agreed delivery date the consumer will be able to cancel the order and the Hire Products will be collected on the agreed date or not delivered in accordance with these Terms (as applicable).
12.10 We will reimburse a consumer without undue delay, and not later than 14 days after the day:
12.10.1 the relevant Hire Product is collected from the consumer where the Hire Products have been delivered; or
12.10.2 on which we are informed about the consumer's decision to cancel our agreement.
Refund payments
12.11 Following cancellation, we will refund a consumer the price paid for the cancelled order (or part of the order cancelled), less:
12.11.1 any collection or return costs or charges (if any); and
12.11.2 if cancellation is made within the Hire Period a proportionate amount of the price based on the number of days for which you had possession of the Hire Products (ending on the time we are informed of your decision to cancel).
12.12 Where a consumer cancels their entire order prior to delivery, we will also refund the standard delivery charges paid (if any). Where a consumer cancels part of an order, we may recalculate any applicable delivery charge and deduct this from the refund.
12.13 If you paid for your order using a credit/debit card, we will refund you on the credit/debit card used to pay for the order; if you paid for your order using a gift card, we will issue a credit note for the amount of the refund. If you paid for your order using an online payment service (such as PayPal, Apple Pay or Google Pay), we will refund you on the account or using the online payment method you used to pay for the order, unless we agree otherwise with you.
12.14 We reserve the right to make a deduction from the amount of any refund for loss in value of the Hire Products returned where the Hire Products show signs of unreasonable use; for these purposes, unreasonable use includes handling the Hire Products beyond what is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the Hire Products, in particular, if it goes beyond the sort of handling that might reasonably be allowed in a shop. Where you are in possession of the Hire Products, we may withhold any refund until we have collected the Hire Products.
YOUR CONSUMER RIGHTS ARE NOT AFFECTED
13 Liability
If you are acting as a consumer
13.1 If you are acting as a consumer (which for these purposes means anyone who acts outside the course of a business, trade or profession) in your ordering and/or hiring of Hire Products, to the extent not prohibited by law, we accept no liability for any:
13.1.1 loss which is not foreseeable (loss is foreseeable if it was an obvious consequence of our breach or if it was contemplated by you and us at the time you and we entered into our agreement);
13.1.2 loss which arises when we are not at fault or in breach of our agreement; and
13.1.3 business loss (which includes loss of profits, loss of business, contracts, goodwill, business opportunity and other similar losses).
13.2 If you are acting as a consumer, you may have certain legal rights regarding claims in respect of losses caused by our negligence or failure to carry out our obligations. Nothing in our agreement is intended to limit your legal rights as a consumer. For further information about your legal rights, you can contact your local authority Trading Standards Department or Citizens Advice Bureau.
If you are acting as a business customer
13.3 If you are acting in the course of a business, trade or profession in your ordering and/or hiring of Hire Products (a business customer), we shall have no liability to compensate you (whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty or otherwise), other than any refund we make under our agreement or otherwise at our discretion.
13.4 Without prejudice to clause 13.3, if you are acting as a business customer in your ordering and/or hiring of Hire Products, we accept no liability (whether arising in contract, tort (including negligence), for breach of statutory duty or otherwise) for any of the following losses:
13.4.1 loss of profits, revenue, sales, income, or business;
13.4.2 loss of savings;
13.4.3 loss of use or production;
13.4.4 loss of goodwill;
13.4.5 business interruption;
13.4.6 subject to clause 10, remedial costs if the Hire Products are damaged or defective;
13.4.7 damage to property or possessions through use or misuse of the Hire Products;
13.4.8 loss caused by delay or other late performance; and
13.4.9 indirect or consequential losses.
13.5 If you are acting as a business customer in your ordering and/or hiring of Hire Products, you acknowledge and agree that all our obligations to you are set out in our agreement.
13.6 If you are acting as a business customer in your ordering and/or hiring of Hire Products, except as set out in our agreement, all other terms, warranties, representations and conditions implied by statute, common law or otherwise (including fitness for purpose) are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
13.7 Subject to clause 13.8, we will not be responsible to you or, if you are undertaking work for another person, to any other person, for the use or installation of any Hire Products by you (or on your behalf). Accordingly, as a business customer, you hereby agree to hold us harmless, and indemnify us, against any liability associated with any claim or allegation that we are responsible for any failings in the installation or use of Hire Products that we supply.
Liability provisions which apply whether you act as a consumer or business customer
13.8 Nothing in our agreement limits or excludes our liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, death or personal injury caused by our negligence or for any other liability which cannot be limited or excluded by law.
13.9 Our Website, catalogues and other media may contain information and materials created and submitted by third parties, and, subject to clause 13.8, we exclude liability for all losses arising from any error, omission or inaccuracy in any such information and material.
14 Our rights to cancel
We may cancel our agreement by notice in writing to you if you are in breach of our agreement, you become unable to pay your debts when they fall due or proceedings are or are reasonably likely to be commenced by or against you alleging bankruptcy or insolvency or an administrator, receiver or administrative receiver is appointed or is reasonably likely to be appointed over all or part of your undertaking and assets. Upon cancellation, any money due to us in respect of our agreement which has been cancelled shall become immediately due and payable and we shall be under no further obligation to supply the Hire Products to you, provided that where you have paid for Hire Products in advance of our cancellation of our agreement, we shall cancel the supply of those Hire Products and refund you the price paid for those Hire Products.
15 Events beyond our control
Save as may be set out in these Terms, we shall have no liability to you for any failure or delay in supply or delivery, nor if performance of any of our obligations is prevented or restricted, nor for any damage or defect to Hire Products supplied or delivered under our agreement, in each case that is caused by any event or circumstance beyond our reasonable control (including, without limitation, the following to the extent these are outside our reasonable control: accidents, extreme weather conditions, fire, explosion, flood, storm, earthquake, natural disaster, failure of telecommunications networks, inability to use transport networks, acts of God, terrorist attack, war, civil commotion, riots, strikes, lockouts and other industrial disputes, acts or restraints of Government, and imposition of restrictions on imports or exports).
16 Your information
16.1 In the course of our dealings with you we will collect and process personal information about you, including to administer and process your order, and to provide the Hire Products. Further information on the manner in which we process personal information is set out in our Privacy Policy, a copy of which is available on our Website.
https://www.diy.com/customer-support/privacy
16.2 Calls to our contact centre may be monitored and/or recorded for quality control and training purposes.
17 Complaints
17.1 If you make a complaint, we will endeavour to keep you informed either by telephone or email at each stage of the complaints handling process and will endeavour to fully resolve your complaint as soon as possible.
18 Contacting us and you
18.1 If you have any questions, complaints or concerns with respect to your order or these Terms, please contact us as follows:
18.1.1 by telephone: on 0333 0143357 (lines are open 8am to 8pm weekdays, 8am to 8pm Saturday and 10am to 4pm Sunday);
18.1.2 by email at: home.delivery@b-and-q.co.uk; or
18.1.3 by post at: B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom.
18.2 Any formal legal notices should be sent to B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom, marked for the attention of the Company Secretary of B&Q Limited.
18.3 If we have to contact you or give you notice in writing, we will do so by email or by hand or by pre-paid post to the address you provide to us in your order or we otherwise hold for you.
19 Governing law and venue for disputes
19.1 Subject to clause 19.2, you and we agree that our agreement is governed by the law of England and Wales and that any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with our agreement (including non- contractual disputes or claims) will only be dealt with by the courts of England and Wales.
19.2 Regardless of clause 19.1, you and we agree that if you are a consumer (as defined in clause 13.1) resident in a part of the United Kingdom other than England and Wales, the law of that part of the United Kingdom will apply to our agreement and any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with our agreement (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be dealt with by the courts located there, provided that, where we are allowed to do so by law, we may bring a claim against you in the courts of England and Wales.
20 Alternative dispute resolution
20.1 If we have been unable to resolve your complaint for you, you may wish to use our alternative dispute resolution service. B&Q Limited is a registered full member of The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman (“FHIO”) in the UK.
20.2 The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman is approved by the UK government to provide alternative dispute resolution services, ensuring that you have complete peace of mind when buying or hiring products and services from us. Although the FHIO is based in the UK the alternative dispute resolution services are available to our customers in all jurisdictions.
20.3 To find out more about the Furniture Ombudsman please visit www.fhio.org. Before going through the dispute resolution process please contact our Customer Service Team at OnlineDisputeResolution@b-and- q.co.uk who will try and resolve the issue for you in the first instance.
21 Other important terms
21.1 If any provision of our agreement (including any provision in which we exclude or limit our liability to you) is found to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, the validity of the other provisions of our agreement and the remainder of the provision in question shall not be affected.
21.2 No person other than you and us shall have any rights to enforce our agreement, whether under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties Act) 1999 (if based in England and Wales) or otherwise.
21.3 If we fail to insist that you perform any of your obligations under our agreement, or if we do not enforce our rights against you, or if we delay in doing so, that will not mean that we have waived our rights against you and will not mean that you do not have to comply with those obligations. If we do waive a default by you, we will only do so in writing, and that will not mean that we will automatically waive any later default by you.
21.4 You may not assign or transfer your rights or obligations under our agreement, unless we agree in writing.
21.5 Before working with electricity, gas or water you should always consult an appropriate professional electrician or plumber with appropriate qualifications and accreditations (for example, Gas Safe or registered Gas Installer registered). Always read and follow any relevant manuals and safety instructions. When working with electricity always turn off the mains.
21.6 Asbestos may be found in some older properties. If you have any concerns about the presence of asbestos you should seek advice from a licensed asbestos company.
21.7 In connection with building work, we cannot advise on planning permission or building regulation issues. You are responsible for obtaining all necessary planning permission and local authority consents and permissions (and all other relevant consents and permissions) for any work to be carried out and allowing us or our agent to inspect these prior to the commencement of work.
21.8 We may update, vary and amend these Terms from time to time without prior notice. Each time you order or otherwise hire a Hire Product from us, the Terms in force at that time will apply (as set out on our Website or available in store). Please check in store or on our Website to ensure that you understand which Terms apply.
These Terms were last updated on 21 December 2023.
Tool hire price match
B&Q will match the price for Tool Hire when hired from a B&Q store against those from HSS, Travis Perkins & Jewson.
The products must be of the same specification and perform the same function. You will need to provide us with evidence of the competitor’s price in order that our colleagues can check the price at the point you place your order in store.
Price match is against the total hire price of the tool, including VAT, delivery and collection and excludes consumables, deposits, accessories and/or safety equipment (whether required or not). The competitors’ products must be available at the lower price for the same period of hire that the products are being hired from us.
We will need to be able to confirm that they are available on the dates required and that they are available at that price to the general public, or where a trade account is required the price must be generally available to all trade members holding an account with that competitor. Price match only applies when hiring products from a B&Q store and not from
diy.com
or
TradePoint.co.uk
.
We do not price match against competitors’ promotions/discounted products, offers involving vouchers or discount codes, staff or any other discount cards cannot be used in conjunction with a price match. For Tradepoint Members who have loyalty discount this will apply on top of the total hire price.
Guarantee terms & conditions – Refurbished products
This guarantee is offered by B&Q Limited, B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandlers Ford Eastleigh, S053 3LE.
At B&Q we take special care to check and grade our refurbished items to ensure these products will continue to be useful. As such we offer a “12 Month” Guarantee starting from the date of purchase, whether bought in store, delivered or bought online. The guarantee period applies from the first date of purchase or delivery where purchased on-line of the refurbished product. Any replacement product issued under this guarantee will be covered under this guarantee for the duration of the remaining term of the guarantee.
1 Conditions of the guarantee
All claims must be supported with the original receipt or other reasonable proof of purchase.
Each Guarantee covers product failures and malfunctions provided that the refurbished product was used for the purpose for which it is intended, and subject to installation, cleaning, care and maintenance in accordance with standard practice and with the information contained above and in the user manual (if a user manual is provided with the product).
2 What is not covered
The Guarantee does not cover defects and damage caused by normal wear and tear of the product or damage that could be the result of improper use, faulty installation or assembly, neglect, accident or modification of the product. Each Guarantee is limited to parts recognised as defective. It does not, in any case, cover ancillary costs (movement, labour) and direct and indirect damage.
If the refurbished product is defective during the guarantee period, we reserve the right, at our discretion, to replace the refurbished product with a product of equivalent quality and functionality or to provide a refund.
This guarantee only applies to the country of purchase or delivery and is not transferrable to any other countries.
This guarantee is non-transferrable to any other person or product. Relevant local law will apply to this guarantee.
This guarantee is in addition to and does not affect your statutory rights.
3 How to make a claim under the guarantee
Guarantee related queries should be addressed to a store affiliated with the distributor from which you purchased the refurbished product. You will be asked for a copy of your original receipt or other reasonable proof of purchase.
Distributors
: B&Q Limited, B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandlers Ford, Hants, SO53 3LE United Kingdom
www.diy.com
.
B&Q Digital Services (Including B&Q website and app) terms and use
This page contains
AT SECTION A, GENERAL TERMS OF USE WHICH APPLY TO ALL OF OUR DIGITAL SERVICES (AS DEFINED BELOW); AND
AT SECTION B, ADDITIONAL TERMS OF USE WHICH APPLY TO OUR UK WEBSITE (AS DEFINED BELOW) ONLY.
IN THE EVENT OF ANY CONFLICT BETWEEN THE ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR THE UK WEBSITE SET OUT AT SECTION B, AND THE GENERAL TERMS SET OUT AT SECTION A, THE ADDITIONAL TERMS SET OUT AT SECTION B SHALL PREVAIL.
Introduction
In these Terms of Use, references to
we
,
us
or
our
(or words of similar import) means B&Q Limited, a limited company registered in England (company number: 00973387), whose registered office is B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire SO53 3LE, United Kingdom. Our VAT registration number is GB 232 5555 75 (this includes B&Q stores, and GoodHome by B&Q stores, which are both trading names of B&Q Limited).
In these Terms of Use, references to
you
means the person accessing and using our Digital Services (as defined below). If you use our Digital Services on behalf of a company, organisation or other entity, then (i) you includes you and that company, organisation or other entity, and (ii) you represent and warrant that you are authorised to bind the company, organisation or other entity to these Terms of Use, and that you agree to these Terms of Use on behalf of yourself and the company, organisation or other entity.
www.diy.com
(the
UK Website
) , together with the websites at the following URLs:
https://www.diy.com/diy/ireland/
, (each a Website and together the Websites) are operated by us. These Terms of Use set out the basis on which you may make use of our Websites and our software and web-based applications (together, our Digital Services). By accessing and using our Digital Services, you are indicating your acceptance of these Terms of Use and you agree to comply with them. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you may not use our Digital Services.
The supply of any goods, products or services you order through our Digital Services is subject to the applicable Terms and Conditions of Sale and Supply & Install Terms and any other relevant terms and conditions. Please note that product pricing on our Digital Services software and web-based applications may reflect the purchase price as advertised on our Websites, which may include any promotional offer(s) already taken into account.
We will use your personal information that we collect through our Digital Services in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to change these Terms of Use from time to time without prior notice by changing them on our Website. The Terms of Use applicable to your use of our Digital Services will be those in force at the time you access the Digital Services.
SECTION A: General Terms of Use
1 Accessing our Digital Services
We do not guarantee that the Digital Services will operate continuously or without interruptions or be error-free. You must not attempt to interfere with the proper working of our Digital Services and, in particular, you must not attempt to circumvent security, tamper with, hack into, or otherwise disrupt our Digital Services or any computer system, server, router or any other internet-connected device associated with our Digital Services. You must not misuse our Digital Services by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attack our Digital Services via a denial-of-service attack, a distributed denial-of service attack or otherwise.
You are responsible for ensuring that your computer system or device meets all relevant technical specifications necessary to use our Digital Services and is compatible with our Digital Services. You also understand that we cannot and do not guarantee or promise that any content on our Digital Services (including Material (as defined below)) will be free from infection, viruses and/or other code that has contaminating or destructive properties. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and virus checks (including anti-virus and other security checks) to satisfy your particular requirements for the safety and reliability of data input and output.
From time to time, we may restrict access to certain features or parts of our Digital Services, or the entirety of our Digital Services. If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms of Use.
We reserve the right, in our discretion, to withdraw, suspend or modify our Digital Services or certain features or parts of our Digital Services with or without notice to you. There may also be times when our Digital Services or certain features or parts of our Digital Services become unavailable, whether on a scheduled or unscheduled basis. You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any withdrawal, suspension, modification, unavailability, inaccessibility or discontinuance of our Digital Services or any service available on or through our Digital Services.
2 Using our Digital Services
You must not use our Digital Services for any activities that breach any laws, infringe any person's rights, or breach any standards, content requirements or codes published by any relevant authority. You must use our Digital Services and the information available from our Digital Services responsibly. You must not use our Digital Services or the information available from our Digital Services for or in connection with any unlawful, immoral or anti-social purpose, or in a manner which is or may be damaging to our name or reputation.
You must not use our Digital Services in any way that interferes with our systems, other users or harasses, menaces or harms anyone.
You must not use our Digital Services to make any speculative, false or fraudulent orders.
3 Intellectual property rights
Our Digital Services consist of images, illustrations, graphics, video sequences, sounds, text, photographs, tools (including calculators and planners), formats and styles of presentation, software (including HTML code) and material analogous to it, and other content (collectively,
Material
). All copyright, moral ownership and other intellectual property rights in our Digital Services and the Material (and derivatives of it) are either owned exclusively by or are licensed to us or one of our affiliates.
Except as expressly set out in these Terms of Use, nothing in these Terms of Use shall give you any rights in respect of any intellectual property owned by us, our affiliates or our licensors. You must not assert or attempt to obtain any such rights.
You acknowledge our (and our affiliates') rights to the Material. Save as provided elsewhere in these Terms of Use, you must not use, copy, reproduce, modify, manipulate, transmit, distribute, perform, publish, display, participate in the transfer or sale of, license or create derivative works from, or in any way exploit, Material accessed through our Digital Services. Where copying or transmission is expressly permitted, you must display an appropriate author attribution or copyright notice. You may use, and download and print extracts from, our Digital Services for your own personal use only to the extent necessary to utilise our Digital Services and the services offered through them. If you are a TradePoint customer, you may also use, and download and print extracts from, our Digital Services solely to the extent necessary to utilise our Digital Services and the services offered through it to provide services to your customers, provided the Digital Services have been provided by us for this purpose – if you are unsure if this is the case, please contact us. No right, title or interest in any downloaded Material is transferred to you. You may not make any other use of our Digital Services or Material on our Digital Services. Except as expressly set out in these Terms of Use, you are not allowed to copy (whether by printing onto paper, storing on disk or any other way), distribute (including distributing copies), tamper with or alter in any way or otherwise use any Material contained in our Digital Services.
Except as expressly set out in these Terms of Use, you are not allowed to copy or use any Material on our Digital Services for any commercial purpose.
You are not allowed to remove any copyright, trade mark or other intellectual property notices or watermark contained in the original Material or from any Material copied or printed from our Digital Services.
The rights granted to you under these Terms of Use shall terminate immediately upon your breach of any of these Terms of Use, and you must (at our option) return or destroy any copies of the Materials you have made.
Our Digital Services also contain certain of B&Q Limited's (or an affiliated company's) trade marks (whether granted or applied for), graphics, logos and service names (collectively,
Devices
). The Devices are owned exclusively by us or the affiliated company and may not be copied or reproduced in any format (save as expressly provided elsewhere in these Terms of Use), or used in connection with any product or service without our prior written consent. All other trade marks not owned by us or our affiliated companies that appear on our Digital Services are the property of their respective owners, who may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by us or our affiliated companies and you must not use those trade marks without the permission of the respective owners.
4 User generated content
Certain features of our Digital Services may allow you to upload and publish materials, images, photographs, content and information to our Digital Services, create bespoke materials or designs, and/or save customised content (collectively,
User Content
). Where you upload, publish or otherwise store User Content through our Digital Services you are responsible for ensuring that you have any and all necessary rights, licences and permissions to use that User Content.
We will not be responsible for any use of information, materials or content not provided by us. We reserve the right to remove or modify any User Content for any reason, including User Content that we believe violates these Terms.
Any User Content you upload to our Digital Services will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and you grant us the right to use, copy, host, distribute and disclose to third parties the User Content. We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any User Content posted or uploaded by you to our Digital Services constitutes a violation of their rights (including their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy).
Without limiting the preceding paragraph, the User Content provided by you may be used: (i) to provide our services and/or goods to you; (ii) to help us develop and improve our Digital Services; and (iii) for the purpose of performing business and data analysis, and you grant us the right to use, copy, host, distribute and disclose to third parties the User Content for these purposes.
The views expressed by other users on our Digital Services do not represent our views or values.
Any designs, plans or other similar materials created by you using our Digital Services will be owned by us and may only be used by you in connection with your use of the Digital Services in the manner permitted by these Terms of Use, a quotation or order for goods and/or services from us and/or the provision of goods and/or services by us to you. You assign to us all right, title and interest (including any intellectual property rights) in and to any designs, plans or other similar materials created by you using our Digital Services (and agree to sign any document at our request and our reasonable expense to give effect to this assignment) and you waive all moral rights in and to those designs, plans and materials.
5 Accuracy of information
Our Digital Services are updated regularly, and content may change without notice. We are under no obligation to keep the Material up to date, and you acknowledge that it may be out of date at any given time. Material on our Digital Services is not intended to amount to advice or authority on which reliance should be placed. We make no promise and give no assurance that any information is accurate, complete or up to date. To the extent permitted by law, we accept no liability or responsibility for any loss, damage or injury arising as a consequence of any reliance placed upon the Material, whether by a user of our Digital Services or by anyone who may be informed of their contents.
The Material should not be relied upon as advice or as the sole source of information on how to complete a task. Before commencing any DIY task please: assess the risks associated with what you are about to do – taking any necessary precautions; and read and follow all manufacturers' and safety instructions relating to the equipment, products or task you are about to use or carry out. If you are in any doubt, please stop and seek advice from a professional.
6 On screen video guides, how to manuals and live chat
Without limiting the provisions of the section entitled Accuracy of information, our Digital Services may from time to time contain film Video Guides, How to Manuals and other guides (collectively,
Guides
) that are provided for general information and background purposes only. The Guides should not be relied upon as advice or as the sole source of information on how to complete a task.
We may also offer live chat functionality via our Digital Services, where you can raise questions directly with our employees. We do not guarantee that our employees will be able to answer all the questions that you may raise and this functionality should not be treated as the sole source of information on how to complete a task.
Before commencing any DIY task please: assess the risks associated with what you are about to do – taking any necessary precautions; and read and follow all manufacturers' and safety instructions relating to the equipment, products or task you are about to use or carry out. If you are in any doubt, please stop and seek advice from a professional.
The tasks shown in the Guides should not be attempted by anyone under the age of 18 or who is inexperienced in DIY. Some tasks (for example, tasks involving gas) should only be carried out by qualified professionals.
To the extent permitted by law, B&Q and the Federation of Master Builders Limited (a company limited by guarantee registered in England (company no: 368163), whose registered office is Star House, Star Hill, Rochester, Kent, ME1 1UX, United Kingdom) each accept no liability for any loss, damage or injury arising as a consequence of any reliance placed upon the Guides, whether by a user of our Digital Services or by anyone who may be informed of their contents. You and we agree that the Federation of Master Builders Limited may rely on the preceding term of these Terms of Use, but that we can vary and terminate these Terms of Use in accordance with the provisions of these Terms of Use without the consent of the Federation of Master Builders Limited.
In relation to the Video Guides, all references are correct at the time of filming.
7 Links to and from our Digital Services
We are a member of the Kingfisher Group of companies; for more information on the Kingfisher Group please visit:
www.kingfisher.com
. We may from time to time establish links to the websites of other Kingfisher Group companies through our Digital Services. Your use of those websites is subject to the terms of use and policies available on those websites.
From time to time we may also establish relationships with third parties that will enable you to access the websites of such third parties directly through our Digital Services. Where our Digital Services contain links to other websites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those websites or resources, and accept no responsibility or liability for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. The inclusion of these hyperlinks does not imply any endorsement of the material on such sites or any association with their operators.
You may not link from another internet site to any page on or part of our Digital Services without our prior written consent and after entering into such agreement as we may require. We are not responsible for external websites that link to our Digital Services.
8 Liability
If you are acting as a consumer
If you are acting as a consumer (as determined by applicable law) in your use of our Digital Services, to the extent not prohibited by law, we accept no liability for any:
loss which is not foreseeable (loss is foreseeable if it was an obvious consequence of our breach or if it was contemplated by you and us at the time you started to use our Digital Services);
loss which arises when we are not at fault or in breach of these Terms of Use; and
business loss (which includes loss of profits, loss of business, contracts, goodwill, business opportunity and other similar losses).
If you are acting as a consumer, you may have certain legal rights regarding claims in respect of losses caused by our negligence or failure to carry out our obligations. Nothing in these Terms of Use is intended to limit your legal rights as a consumer. For further information about your legal rights you can contact your local authority Trading Standards Department or Citizens Advice Bureau.
If you are acting as a business user (including TradePoint customers)
If you are acting in the course of a business, trade or profession (including TradePoint customers) in your use of our Digital Services (
a business user
), we accept no liability (whether arising in tort (including negligence), contract, for breach of statutory duty or otherwise) and offer no promises or assurances in relation to our Digital Services or their content (including the Material), to the fullest extent such liability, promises and assurances can be excluded by law, and to the fullest extent permitted by law, all promises, assurances and other terms implied by law are excluded. For the avoidance of doubt, we shall have no liability to compensate you in relation to your use of our Digital Services or their content (whether arising in tort (including negligence), contract, for breach of statutory duty or otherwise), except for any refund we make under any other agreement between us or otherwise at our discretion.
If you are acting as a business user in your use of our Digital Services, without prejudice to the preceding paragraph, we accept no liability (whether arising in tort (including negligence), contract, for breach of statutory duty or otherwise) for any of the following losses:
loss of data, loss of revenue, sales, income or profits, loss of business, loss of opportunity, loss of use or production, business interruption, loss of contracts, goodwill or reputation (in each case whether direct or indirect); or
any indirect or consequential loss.
If you are acting as a business user in your use of our Digital Services, you will indemnify us from and against all actions, claims, suits, demands, liabilities, losses, costs and expenses arising out of, or in any way connected with, use of our Digital Services by you or any other person using your login information.
Liability provisions that apply whether you act as a consumer or business user
We will not be liable to you where performance of any of our obligations is prevented or restricted by any circumstance or cause beyond our reasonable control.
We will not be liable for the accuracy and suitability of (i) design tools (including calculators and planners) on our Digital Services and (ii) designs, plans or other similar materials created using our Digital Services or the design tools hosted on our Digital Services. We recommend that you have a survey, whether carried out by us or a third party, before carrying out any work based on such design tool, designs, plans or similar materials. You (or your installer if you have engaged one) must ensure that any goods (including their dimensions and quantity) and/or services that you purchase based on such design tools, designs, plans or similar materials are appropriate for your project.
Nothing in these Terms of Use excludes or limits our liability for (i) death or personal injury caused by our negligence, (ii) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, and (iii) any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
9 Contacting us
To contact us (including to discuss any complaint), please see our
Contact Us
page on the Website. Any formal legal notices should be sent to us at the postal address specified in the Introduction section of these Terms of Use, marked for the attention of the Company Secretary of B&Q Limited.
10 Other important terms
Failure by us to enforce a right does not result in waiver of such right.
Each of the provisions of these Terms of Use operates separately. If any provision (or part of any provision) (including any terms in which we exclude or limit our liability to you) is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable: (i) that provision (or part-provision) will, to the extent required, be excluded from forming part of these Terms of Use; and (ii) the remaining provisions will be unaffected and will remain in full force and effect.
You may not assign or transfer your rights or obligations under these Terms of Use. Except as expressly stated, a person who is not a party to these Terms of Use shall not have any rights under or in connection with these Terms of Use by virtue of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 or otherwise.
Subject to the following paragraph, you and we agree that these Terms of Use are governed by the law of England and Wales and that any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Use (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will only be dealt with by the courts of England and Wales.
Regardless of the above paragraph, you and we agree that if:
you are a consumer (as defined in the Liability section) resident in a part of the United Kingdom other than England and Wales, the law of that part of the United Kingdom will apply to these Terms of Use and any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Use (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be dealt with by the courts located there;
you are a consumer (as defined in the Liability section) resident in Éire, Irish law applies to these Terms of Use and any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Use (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be dealt with by the Irish courts;
you are a consumer (as defined in the Liability section) resident in Jersey, Jersey law applies to these Terms of Use and any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Use (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be dealt with by the Jersey courts; and
you are a consumer (as defined in the Liability section) resident in Guernsey, Guernsey law applies to these Terms of Use and any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Use (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be dealt with by the Guernsey courts,
provided that, where we are allowed to do so by law, we may bring a claim against you in the English courts.
SECTION B: UK Website Additional Terms of Use
The following additional Terms of Use apply to your use of the UK Website only.
The UK Website allows you to make purchases from a variety of sellers, including sellers other than us (
Third Party Sellers
). Please note that we are not a party to any contract you enter into with a Third Party Seller (
Third Party Seller Contract
) which is between you and that Third Party Seller.
The UK Website introduces and links Third Party Sellers with you and provides Third Party Sellers with the opportunity to sell their products to you directly using the UK Website.
Accordingly, you acknowledge that:
the conclusion of a transaction is an offer by you to enter into a contract with the Third Party Seller which, when accepted, will result in a direct contract between the Third Party Seller and you and the formation of a Third Party Seller Contract;
we give no warranties or representations about Third Party Sellers;
we are not a party to any Third Party Seller Contract and shall have no liability under any Third Party Seller Contract. When an order is submitted by you, the Third Party Seller (as principal) authorises us to act, and we hereby shall act, as agent in the name of and on behalf of the Third Party Seller to accept such order in accordance with our applicable terms with Third Party Sellers;
you must comply in full with the terms of each Third Party Seller Contract; and
payment made by you pursuant to a Third Party Seller Contract shall be sent to the payment service provider and in such circumstances, we are acting as agent in the name of and on behalf of the Third Party Seller only.
The Third Party Seller is responsible for all products they list on the UK Website, including in relation to the safety and suitability of such products and their compliance with all applicable product regulations.
All communications between you and the Third Party Seller must be made using the communication tools made available via the UK Website, except for communications in relation to warranty registration or warranty claims which may be carried out between you and a Third Party Seller directly.
The Third Party Seller shall be responsible for delivering any products purchased from Third Party Sellers by you.
11 Notice and takedown
In adding content to the UK Website, we ask that Third Party Sellers make every effort to ensure Material does not infringe any person’s rights. However, we recognise that Material published on the UK Website may inadvertently include copyrighted material, contain sensitive personal data, or include content that may be regarded as obscene or defamatory.
If you believe that any Material on the UK Website infringes copyright, or if you believe Material on the website to be obscene or defamatory, please contact us via our
Contact Us
page. To put us on notice of the infringing content you must provide us with (as a minimum):
your full name and address;
details of the location of the information in question; and
details of the unlawful nature of the activity or information in question.
Upon receipt of a notice containing the information set out above, we will consider the information provided and, if appropriate, remove the material in question from the UK Website.
12 Disputes
Any purchases you make on the UK Website for which we are seller will be governed by our terms of sale (available here). Any purchases you make on the UK Website for which the seller is a Third Party Seller (rather than us) will be governed by the terms of sale applicable to third party sellers,
available here.
If you have a dispute with a Third Party Seller, we recommend that you work directly with that Third Party Seller to try and resolve the dispute in the first instance.
If you and the Third Party Seller are unable to resolve your dispute, we will assist in resolving the dispute as set out below.
We may ask you to provide details of the issue, including:
the date you entered into the Third Party Seller Contract;
the products which are being provided under the Third Party Seller Contract;
the information supplied about the products you have purchased on the UK Website, including any description(s) and image(s) of the products; and
how you and the Third Party Seller have attempted to resolve the dispute.
We may ask you and the Third Party Seller to provide us with further details of the issue, which may include all or some of the information set out above.
If the Third Party Seller has engaged in communication with you and the situation cannot be resolved, you acknowledge and agree that:
we will read through the full communication between the Third Party Seller and you to assess the situation;
for products from a particular Third Party Seller in an order which, in aggregate, are priced up to and including £50.00 (excluding any applicable VAT), we may make an automatic decision to resolve the situation and, if so, we will inform the Third Party Seller and you of such resolution. The resolution can include paying you a full refund; and
for products from a particular Third Party Seller in an order which, in aggregate, are priced above £50.00 (excluding any applicable VAT), the issue will be escalated to the applicable account manager who will assess the issue, contact the Third Party Seller and discuss and propose a solution. If we fail to get a response from the Third Party Seller within 24 hours of such contact, we reserve the right to resolve the dispute regardless of the price of the item. We might request the Third Party Seller to provide evidence of (by way of example only) delivery of the relevant product (e.g. carrier confirmation of delivery) and/or return pick up of the item. The Third Party Seller is responsible for providing evidence and acknowledges that if the Third Party Seller fails to do so, we are likely to decide to resolve the issue in favour of you. We will use reasonable endeavours to resolve any dispute within 72 hours of the Third Party Seller or you providing the required evidence (as required by us).
We will not be acting as an arbitrator in relation to any dispute between you and a Third Party Seller and either party to a dispute will be entitled to pursue legal action at any time.
13 Refunds
All refunds in relation to products purchased by you from Third Party Sellers shall be in accordance with the
Terms of Sale
and any information included in the listing.
14 Liability
If you make a purchase on the UK Website and the seller is a Third Party Seller:
in no event shall we be liable to you for any loss or damage that you suffer under or in connection with any Third Party Seller Contract.
whilst we may attempt to help resolve disputes between you and a Third Party Seller in accordance with these Terms of Use, we are not a party to such disputes. In no event shall we be liable to you for any loss or damage that you suffer as a result of or in connection with a dispute with a Third Party Seller.
These Terms of Use were last updated March 2022.
Supply & install terms & conditions
These terms are for B&Q retail customers
THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS WILL APPLY TO YOUR ORDER. PLEASE MAKE SURE THAT YOU READ THEM CAREFULLY BEFORE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT.
WE DRAW YOUR ATTENTION TO YOUR CANCELLATION RIGHTS IN CLAUSE 11 AND THE LIMITS OF OUR LIABILITY IN CLAUSE 15.
1 Words used in these Terms
"Customer Advisor" means a member of the B&Q staff, who is not a qualified tradesman, who produces a Plan for you or assists you with the production of a Plan.
"Delivery Terms" means the terms that apply to our Product delivery services, full details of which can be found in store and on our Website.
"Estimate" means an estimated price for Products and/or Services. It is not part of the Order and cannot be accepted by you.
"Order" means your order for the Products, Services and/or a Survey (as applicable), placed in store, through our Website, by telephone or using such other means as we may permit from time to time.
"Our agreement" means the agreement pursuant to which we provide the Products, Services and/or Surveys, comprising these Terms and any additional terms that apply to any Services we provide, quote we give or any promotional or special offers.
"Plan" means a design plan created using our design tool, whether produced by you or a Customer Advisor and whether based on either: (i) a basic visual inspection of the area specified by you; or (ii) measurements and descriptions provided by you, in each case for the purposes of providing you with an Estimate.
"Products" means the goods and products that we sell.
"Quotation" means a fixed price for Products and/or Services provided by us against which you can place an Order in accordance with these Terms.
"Sales Advice" means a document provided by us to you which confirms your Order and which contains details of the Products, Services and/or Survey(s) (as applicable) to be supplied to you together with the price for those Products, Services and/or Survey(s).
"Services" means the services ordered by you and set out in the Quotation and/or Sales Advice (as the case may be).
"Survey" means a visual inspection of the area specified by you in order to: (i) verify the Plan; and/or (ii) produce a Quotation.
"Terms" means the terms and conditions set out in this document.
"we", "us" or "our" means the B&Q entity from whom you order and purchase Products, Services and/or Surveys (as applicable), namely (depending on the circumstances):
for UK customers (and customers in the Isle of Man), B&Q Limited, a limited company registered in England and Wales (company number 00973387), whose registered office is B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom and whose VAT registration number is GB 232 5555 75;
for Irish customers, B&Q Ireland Limited, a limited company registered in Ireland (company number 0156844), whose registered office is 6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Republic of Ireland, and whose VAT registration number is IE 6554344D;
for Jersey customers, B&Q (Retail) Jersey Limited, a limited company registered in Jersey (company number 9769), whose registered office is 3rd Floor, 44 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey, JE4 9WG, and whose GST registration number is 879; or
for Guernsey customers, B&Q (Retail) Guernsey Limited, a limited company registered in Guernsey (company number 2572), whose registered office is Redwood House, St Julian’s Avenue, St Peter Port, Guernsey, GY1 1WA.
"Website" means the website (
www.diy.com
or
www.diy.ie
(or such other URL as we may specify from time to time)) that is operated by us or on our behalf.
"you" or "your" means the person(s) placing an Order.
2 Basis of sale
These Terms apply to your Orders for, and purchases of, Products, Services and/or Surveys in connection with B&Q Spaces or B&Q Homefit and such other service offerings as we may determine from time to time.
For purchases made in the UK, we assume that for the purposes of the domestic reverse charge legislation for construction services, the customer is an end-user unless specifically notified otherwise.  Therefore, the supplies made by way of this agreement are not subject to the domestic reverse charge and should be subject to VAT at the correct applicable rate.
Please check that your Order (and where relevant your Quotation) is complete and accurate before you commit yourself to your Order. Following receipt of your Order we may (depending on the nature of your Order) provide you with a Sales Advice. Please check the Sales Advice when you receive it; you must notify us if the Sales Advice is inaccurate.
Please see the How to shop section of our Website for information on how to place an Order via the Website (where this is applicable). You will have an opportunity to check and correct any input errors in your Orders via the Website up until the point at which you submit your Order by clicking the confirm order and pay (or similar) button on the checkout page of our Website. Please carefully check your Order at each stage of the order process. Once you have clicked the confirm order and pay (or similar) button, you will need to pay for your Order.
Your Order is an offer to purchase from us. When you place an Order with us, you do so in accordance with these Terms, subject to our acceptance of your Order.
Unless we have notified you that we do not accept your Order or you have cancelled it in accordance with our returns policy, we accept your Order as follows:
where you place an Order via the Website, we accept your Order: (i) seven days after the date of the Order; or (ii) when we start to provide the Survey or Services or make the Products to your specification or dispatch the Products or the Products are collected by you in store (as the case may be), whichever is earlier;
where you place an Order in store, we accept your Order when we provide you with a Sales Advice confirming that the Order has been placed and processed; and
when you place an Order by telephone, we accept your Order when we confirm that the Order has been placed and processed.
These Terms (and our agreement) will become binding on you and us when we accept your Order as described in the preceding paragraph. The processing of your payment and acknowledgment of receipt of your Order (whether by email, telephone or otherwise) does not constitute legal acceptance of your Order.
We may choose not to accept your Order for any reason and we will not be liable to you or to anyone else in those circumstances.If we do not accept your Order (whether in whole or in part) we will refund any monies paid in connection with that Order (or that part of the Order that we do not accept).
If we accept your Order, we have a legal duty to supply any Products ordered in conformity with our agreement.
These Terms are between you and us, regardless of whether a third party pays for the Order.
The provision of the Services may be subject to additional terms. Where this is the case, these additional terms will be brought to your attention.
These Terms are only in the English language. These Terms will not be filed by us.
If you view these Terms via our Website, you should print a copy of these Terms or save them to your computing device for future reference.
3 Quotations, estimates and surveys
The following terms apply where we carry out a Survey and provide you with an Estimate in advance of the Survey and a Quotation following the Survey:
For certain types of Products and Services we may give you a Quotation without producing a Plan or carrying out a Survey.
If we give you an Estimate it is indicative only and subject to us carrying out a Survey. You will need to place an Order for the Survey.
If we carry out a Survey you will need to bring to our attention anything which is relevant to the Products and/or Services you require.
After we have carried out a Survey we will normally give you a Quotation for the Products and/or Services.
The Quotation will include a schedule setting out the Products and/or Services we are quoting to provide (“
Schedule of Works
”).
Quotations are only valid for the period of days specified on the Quotation or, where none is specified, 14 days from the date of the Quotation. If you do not accept a Quotation by placing an Order within this period, the Quotation is withdrawn unless we agree otherwise in writing.
If a Survey is required but we are unable to carry out an appropriate visual inspection (for example, if building works are not complete) we may need to carry out a second Survey and we reserve the right to charge an additional fee for that second Survey.
Changes to your Order and/or Quotation (including the Schedule of Works, price and delivery dates) may be required as a result of the second Survey. If changes are required we will provide you with an amended Quotation or a new Quotation. If you do not accept the amendments or the new Quotation, we will cancel the Order and you will receive a refund of the price paid (if any), save for the Survey fees.
4 Services: General
We will only carry out the Services using Products that you have purchased from us or an authorised third party acting on our behalf, unless we agree otherwise. You must ensure that the Products you select and purchase are suitable for your needs and are suitable for the Services you order.
You will need to obtain all necessary planning permissions, local authority consents and other consents and permissions required for the Services before they start. It is not our responsibility to check that you have obtained any required consents or permissions. You must allow us or our agent to inspect these consents and permissions if we ask.
You must inform us if the property where the Services are to be provided is listed, located within a conservation area or otherwise subject to restrictions which may impact on the Services. It is your responsibility to check that the Services will not violate any such restrictions.
We will only provide the Services set out in the Sales Advice or, where relevant, the Quotation and/or Schedule of Works or as otherwise agreed between you and us. If you want us to provide any additional services we may need to agree an additional Order with you.
The Services will be provided with reasonable skill and care. We will try to keep disruption to water, gas and electricity supplies to a minimum.
The Services may be provided by a third party on our behalf.
You will need to provide us, and any third party carrying out the Services on our behalf, with free, safe and proper access to the property concerned (including the loft and garden) and free, safe and proper storage for our and (where relevant) their equipment and property while carrying out the Services, including an area to store any waste and also for any Products we deliver to you before the Services start (if any). You will take such other steps as you reasonably can to enable us to provide the Services.
We reserve the right to refuse to provide the Services and cancel your Order where we have reasonable grounds for doing so (such as concerns over the safety of our employees and contractors or where you ask us to perform the Services in a manner that contradicts our reasonable recommendations). If we cancel your Order in these circumstances, you will receive a refund of the price paid.
If we have agreed to remove pre-existing units, fixtures or fittings this may necessarily cause some damage to surrounding areas. We will try to limit the amount of damage caused but unless we have agreed to do so or we have failed to exercise reasonable skill and care, the Services do not include us ‘making good’ any damage caused, painting, decorating or tiling.
Unless we agree otherwise or unless resulting from the negligence of us or any subcontractor appointed by us, the Services do not include, and we shall not be responsible for, the correction of:
any faults or failures in the supply of water, electricity, gas or other services to the property where the Services are to be provided nor any faults or failures in the water or drainage systems or any other conduits or systems connected to the property; or
accidental or wilful damage or defective works caused by other persons in relation to the property where the Services are to be provided.
The workmanship carried out during our provision of the Services may be subject to a Workmanship Guarantee. Please see the separate terms applicable to this Guarantee (where applicable).
Any reduction in energy consumption (including any calculation of potential costs savings) that we provide to you is approximate only and, unless we have failed to take reasonable skill and care, we shall not be responsible if the reduction or savings are not achieved following the provision of the Services.
Unless we agree otherwise, the Services do not include the removal of any waste and you will need to make your own arrangements for the disposal of such waste.
5 Additional works
If additional works are: (i) found to be necessary (including the removal and disposal of asbestos and any other hazardous substances); or (ii) requested by you, in each case during the course of the provision of the Services, we reserve the right to charge additional fees for the Products and/or Services to be provided. Where such additional works are found to be necessary, work under your Order will be suspended and we may provide you with a quotation for the additional work. If you accept the quotation we will recommence work under your Order and carry out the additional works. The provision of additional works may be subject to separate terms and conditions.
Such additional work may be fundamental to the provision of the Products and/or Services and, as a result, we reserve the right to suspend the provision of the Products and/or Services until such additional works have been completed, whether by us or a third party to our satisfaction. If you do not agree to the additional works, you may cancel your Order and you will be liable to pay our charges for the Products provided and/or Services carried out prior to cancellation. You will only receive a refund for that part of the Services not provided and those Products which we have not made or started to make to your specification and/or which have not been installed prior to cancellation.
If you do not agree to the additional works and cancel your Order we will not be responsible for ‘making good’ any damage or disruption caused, painting, decorating or tiling and, although we will try to limit the amount of damage and disruption caused, we will not be responsible for putting the property where the Services are to be provided back in the condition it was in prior to us providing the Products and/or Services, unless we have agreed to do so or we have failed to exercise reasonable skill and care.
6 Prices, payment and availability
The following terms apply to prices determined solely from information you provide to us and where we have not provided you with an Estimate or Quotation:
In order to ascertain the price payable for the Services you Order, you must provide us with certain information in response to our questions about the property where the Services are to be provided. The initial price you pay for your Order is calculated based upon your responses to these questions.
When we attend the property to carry out the Services, we will verify that the initial price you have paid for your Order is correct. If we determine (in accordance with our list prices) that the total cost of your Order will exceed your initial payment, we reserve the right to charge additional fees for the Services to be provided. If you do not accept the additional fees we will cancel the Order and you will receive a refund of the price paid. If we determine that the total cost of your Order will be less than your initial payment, you will receive a refund of the amount you have paid that exceeds the total cost of your Order.
The following terms apply in all circumstances:
You must pay for all Surveys, Services and Products you purchase from us or an authorised third party on our behalf (if any), together with associated VAT (or GST in Jersey (as defined below)) and delivery charges, in advance, unless we have agreed otherwise in advance in writing. Payment must be made by credit or debit card if you place your Order by telephone.
All prices include applicable sales tax (including VAT or (in Jersey only) applicable Goods and Services Tax (“GST”)), unless expressly stated otherwise. The rate of sales tax will be determined in accordance with applicable law. The exact amount of sales tax will be shown on the sales tax invoice (where provided).
Prices for Products exclude delivery charges unless expressly stated otherwise. Delivery charges vary depending on the Products you order, the delivery address and the delivery method you select; please see our Delivery Terms for further details.
In the event that the total cost of your Order differs from the initial price you paid, such that an additional payment or refund (as the case may be) is required that post-dates a change in the rate of sales tax, we may adjust the sales tax you pay for the total cost of your Order in accordance with applicable law.
If you only place an Order for a Survey you will only be obliged to pay the Survey fee set out in the Estimate, Sales Advice or otherwise notified to you. You will need to pay for each Survey regardless of whether or not you decide to accept our Quotation and place an Order for Products and/or Services.
We may update prices at any time. Despite our best efforts, we may occasionally misprice our Surveys, Services and/or Products. If this happens then we will not be obliged to supply the Survey, Services and/or Products at the incorrect price or at all. We will (at our discretion) either cancel your Order (and refund the price you have paid) or endeavour to contact you and ask you whether you wish to continue with the Order at the correct price. If we are unable to contact you or you do not wish to continue with the Order at the correct price, we will cancel your Order and refund the price you have paid.
From time to time we may apply promotional prices to our Surveys, Services and/or Products, including Website or in-store only prices. These promotional prices will only apply in the context in which the promotion is given and are subject to the terms of that promotion. For example, Website only prices will not be applicable to in-store orders or purchases, and in-store only prices will not be applicable to Website orders or purchases. To take advantage of promotional prices, you must quote the relevant promotion code when you order (where applicable). We may update promotions at any time.
If you use a credit/debit card to pay for your Order, you must use your credit/debit card or a credit/debit card that you are otherwise authorised to use. All credit/debit card holders are subject to validation checks by third parties and authorisation by the card issuer. If the issuer of the card refuses to authorise payment or any other validation checks return adverse results, we will not accept your Order and we will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery and we are not obliged to inform you of the reason for the refusal.
We are not responsible for the card issuer or bank charging the cardholder as a result of our processing of the credit/debit card payment in accordance with your Order.
All Products are subject to availability. If you order Products which are not available from stock, we will take reasonable steps to contact you to discuss how you wish to proceed. You will have the option to wait until the Products are available from stock, or cancel your Order for those Products. If the Products are unlikely to be restocked (or we are unable to contact you), we will cancel your Order for those Products and refund the price you have paid for those Products.
7 Plans
If we produce a Plan it is for the sole purpose of providing you with an Estimate and is indicative only. It is based on either a basic visual inspection for aesthetic purposes only or the measurements and information you provide.
All Plans (and all intellectual property rights (including copyright) within the Plans) will be owned by us and may only be used by you in connection with an Estimate, Quotation or Order for Products and/or Services from us and/or the provision of Services by us to you. You assign to us all right, title and interest (including any intellectual property rights) in and to each Plan created by you (and agree to sign any document at our request and our reasonable expense to give effect to this assignment) and you waive all moral rights in and to that Plan.
We will not be liable for the accuracy and suitability of the Plan and you should not rely on it. We recommend that you have a survey, whether carried out by us or a third party, before carrying out any installation work or otherwise relying on the Plan.
8 Measurements
If you provide us with measurements you must ensure they are correct and accurate. You are responsible for the accuracy of measurements you provide.
If there is an error in the measurements you supply and the Products and/or Services are made or supplied to those measurements, we will not refund the cost of the Products and/or Services provided, unless the Products are faulty or we have failed to exercise reasonable skill and care.
9 Delivery/start of work
We will take reasonable steps to meet any estimated date(s) set out on the Quotation, Sales Advice or as otherwise agreed between us for starting the Services. Subject to availability and our Delivery Terms, where we have agreed to deliver Products, we will use reasonable endeavours to do so on any specified date we agree, or if no date is specified, within 30 days of the date of your Order for those Products. Occasionally these date(s) may be affected by factors beyond our reasonable control and so these date(s) cannot be guaranteed. We do not recommend removing fixtures and fittings such as toilets, showers or sinks that provide essential day to day services, until shortly before the Services are due to start or (where applicable) you have received your ordered Products and checked all of them for any defects or missing parts. We will let you know if we become aware of an unexpected delay and will arrange a new date with you.
You must take reasonable steps to collect or take delivery of the Products (where applicable) and do everything you reasonably can to ensure that we can start the Services on any estimated or specified date(s). Where the Services require Products purchased by you separately to your Order, you are responsible for ensuring that you have sufficient suitable Products for us to perform the Services and those Products are available at the property when we start the Services. If you do not have sufficient suitable Products, we may need to arrange a subsequent visit to complete the provision of the Services and we reserve the right to charge you a further fee for this. You must let us know if you wish to re-arrange the delivery/commencement date(s) and we will arrange a new date with you.
If we are unable to start the Services or deliver the Products (where applicable) as a result of your action or inaction (for example, you are not present at the property or you have not cleared the area where the Services are to be provided), we will need to arrange a subsequent visit to complete the provision of the Services or deliver the Products and we reserve the right to charge you a further fee for this.
Unless we have agreed otherwise, Products must be signed for on delivery by a person aged 18 or over. Delivery will be completed when we deliver the Products to the address you specified in your Order.
For reasons of health and safety and to avoid any property damage, certain Products can only be delivered to the exterior of a ground floor location at the delivery address. You must therefore make your own arrangements at your own risk if the relevant Products need to be transported from the delivery location, unless we have agreed to do this as part of the Services.
10 Risk and ownership
For UK, Ireland and Guernsey customers:
If any Products are provided to you by us or an authorised third party on our behalf, on delivery of the Products to you (or collection of the Products by you), all risk of damage to, or loss of, them shall pass to you and you will be responsible for them.
For Jersey customers:
If any Products are provided to you by us or an authorised third party on our behalf, save as set out in the Supply of Goods and Services (Jersey) Law 2009, on delivery of the Products to you (or collection of the Products by you), all risk of damage to, or loss of, them shall pass to you and you will be responsible for them.
For all customers:
You will need to safely and properly store any Products which are delivered to you before Services start (where applicable).
Ownership of the Products will only pass to you on the later of us:
receiving full payment for the Products from you; and
providing the Products to you.
Until ownership of the Products passes from us to you, you shall hold the Products on our behalf and shall store the Products at your own cost separately from all other products in your possession and marked in such a way that they are clearly identified as our property. We may, before ownership of the Products passes to you, require you to deliver up the Products to us and, if you fail to do so, may repossess the Products. You grant us an irrevocable licence to enter, with or without vehicles, any of your premises for the purpose of inspecting or repossessing the Products.
If you cancel your Order, you must keep good care of the Products before returning them to us.
11 Cancellation and returns
This section sets out our cancellation and returns policy. Our cancellation and returns policy set out below is in addition to and does not affect your legal rights as a consumer.
If your Order is for Services only, please see Clause 11.1 for your cancellation rights.
If your Order is for Products and Services (Supply and Install), please see Clause 11.2 for your cancellation rights.
If your Order is for Products only, please see Clause 11.3 for your cancellation rights.
If your Order is a Supply and Install Order, you may cancel the Services element and the Product element separately in accordance with Clause 11.1 and Clause 11.3 respectively.
11.1 Order for Services
You may cancel your Order for the Services for any reason after you have placed your Order and thereafter for up to 14 days commencing the day after the date we accept your Order (as set out in Clause 2).You will lose your right to cancel after the expiry of this period.
You can exercise your right to cancel your Order by contacting us. You may use the cancellation form at the end of these Terms, but you do not have to. To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for you to send your communication concerning your exercise of the right to cancel before the cancellation period has expired.
If we have not started to provide the Services at your request before the end of the cancellation period you will receive a full refund of the price paid for the Services.
If we start providing the Services at your request before the end of this period then you will be required to pay our charges for the Services carried out prior to you contacting us.
You will only receive a refund for that part of the Services not provided. You will not have the right to cancel your Order for Services once we have completed those Services.
Any refund will be paid within 14 days after the day on which you inform us of your decision to cancel your Order and will be made using the same means of payment as you used to pay for the Order, unless we agree otherwise.
11.2 Order for Products and Services (Supply and Install)
You may cancel your Supply and Install Order for any reason after you have placed your Order and thereafter for up to 14 days commencing the day after the date we accept your Order (as set out in Clause 2).You will lose your right to cancel the Services element of your Order after the expiry of this period.
You can exercise your right to cancel your Order by contacting us. You may use the cancellation form at the end of these Terms, but you do not have to. To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for you to send your communication concerning your exercise of the right to cancel before the cancellation period has expired.
If we have not started to provide the Services at your request or make the Products to your specification before the end of the cancellation period you will receive a full refund of the price paid for the Products and Services (subject to the provisions of Clause 11.3).
If we start to provide the Services or make the Products to your specification at your request before the end of this period then you will be required to pay for the Services carried out and for the Products which we have made or have started to make to your specification and/or which have been installed, prior to you contacting us.
Subject to the provisions of Clause 11.3, you will only receive a refund for that part of the Services not provided and those Products which we have not made or started to make to your specification and/or which have not been installed prior to you contacting us. You will not have the right to cancel your Order for Services once we have completed those Services.
Any refund for the Services will be paid within 14 days after the day on which you inform us of your decision to cancel your Supply and Install Order and will be made using the same means of payment as you used to pay for the Order, unless we agree otherwise.
The conditions, time limits and procedures for exercising your right of cancellation with respect to the Product element of your Supply and Install Order (including the arrangements for receiving a refund) are set out in Clause 11.3.
11.3 Order for Products
You may cancel your Order for Products for any reason before dispatch (where applicable) or within 90 days after the date of delivery or collection (as the case may be) by contacting us or returning your product to a B&Q store that is within the same jurisdiction as the store that it was purchased from, or for on-line and telephone orders to a store within the same jurisdiction to which the product was delivered. For example, if you buy a product in a store in the UK, you may return it to a store in the UK only; or if you order a product on-line that is delivered to you in the Republic of Ireland, you may return the product to a store in the Republic of Ireland only. In each case, please bring your proof of purchase and, where applicable, the credit/debit card used for payment. Where your Order comprises multiple delivery shipments, the 90 day cancellation period for the Products in your Order runs from the date of the delivery of the last shipment to you.
You will lose your right to cancel after the expiry of this period (this does not affect your rights if there is any problem with the Products).
You may use the cancellation form at the end of these Terms, but you do not have to. To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for you to send your communication concerning your exercise of the right to cancel before the cancellation period has expired.
The right to cancel in respect of Products is subject to the following exclusions:
Products which contain audio, video recordings or computer software where the seal has been broken but that were sealed at the time of delivery.
Products which are cut, made to measure or mixed to your requirements, or otherwise customised or made to your specifications will not be exchanged or refunded unless they are faulty or incorrectly delivered;
Products which are liable to deteriorate or expire rapidly, including perishable Products such as plants or turf, will not be exchanged or refunded unless they are faulty or incorrectly delivered;
your right of cancellation does not apply to Products which are not suitable for return due to health or hygiene reasons, if you have opened the Product packaging after delivery or collection; and
your right of cancellation does not apply to Products which become mixed inseparably with other items after delivery or collection (which may be the case where the Products are installed).
In relation to Products delivered to you, you may need to take delivery of the Products before you can cancel your Order if the Products are placed into our delivery process before we receive your notice of cancellation. This does not affect your rights under this Clause and Clause 12.
Following cancellation, we will refund you the price paid for the cancelled Products, less any collection or return costs or charges (if any). Where you cancel the entire Order, we will also refund the standard delivery charges paid (if any) or an amount equal to those charges if you elect to use a more expensive delivery method. Where you cancel part of an Order, we may recalculate any applicable delivery charge and deduct this from the refund. We will pay the refund within 14 days after the day:
you notified us to cancel your Order, where you have not received the Products (and the Products have not been dispatched to you); or
we receive the Products you returned to us, where you are in receipt of the Products; or
you provide us with a proof of return for the Products, where you have returned the Products but we have not yet received them.
The refund will be made using the same means of payment as you used to pay for the Order, unless we agree otherwise.
You must arrange for the return of the Products as soon as possible and in any event not later than 14 days after the day on which you cancel your order, unless we agree that you may dispose of the Products (in which case you must comply with any disposal instructions). Unless the Products are faulty or not as described or purchased and delivered simultaneously while we are in the property where the Services are provided, you will be responsible for the cost of returning the Products. For certain Products we offer a collection service. Please contact us for further details. We may charge a fee for this service (the fee will depend on the Products returned, but will not exceed £50 or €50 in the Republic of Ireland).
You must keep the Products you wish to return in your possession and take reasonable care of the Products at all times while they are in your possession. This means that you must not use the Products (except to the extent reasonably necessary to inspect and examine them).
We reserve the right to make a deduction from the amount of any refund for loss in value of the Products returned where the Products show signs of unreasonable use; for these purposes, unreasonable use includes handling the Products beyond what is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the Products, in particular, if it goes beyond the sort of handling that might reasonably be allowed in a shop. Where you are in possession of the Products (or they have been dispatched to you), we may withhold any refund until we have received the Products or you have supplied proof of return for the Products.
12 Faulty products
On receipt of the Products you must check they match your Order. If there is any problem, or if they are defective or damaged you must notify us as soon as is reasonably possible. Claims may be reduced or rejected if we have not been given an opportunity to put matters right.
In addition to the right to cancel an Order as described in Clause 11, if there is a problem with the Products or the Products are faulty, we may make good any shortage or non-delivery, or offer a repair, exchange or refund as appropriate in accordance with your consumer rights. Please contact us to arrange. Alternatively, you can return faulty Products in store.
13 Our right to cancel
We may cancel our agreement by notice in writing to you if you are in breach of your agreement with us, you become unable to pay your debts when they fall due or proceedings are or are reasonably likely to be commenced by or against you alleging bankruptcy or insolvency or an administrator, receiver or administrative receiver is appointed or is reasonably likely to be appointed over all or part of your undertaking and assets. Upon cancellation, any money due to us in respect of our agreement which has been cancelled shall become immediately due and payable and we shall be under no further obligation to provide Products, Services or Surveys to you, provided that where you have paid for Products, Services and/or Surveys in advance of our cancellation of our agreement, we shall, at our discretion, supply those Products, Services or Surveys to you or cancel the provision of the same and refund the price you paid.
14 Use of your personal information
In the course of our dealings with you we will collect and process personal information about you, including to administer and process your Order, and to provide the Survey, Products and/or Services. If the Survey, Products and/or Services are provided by a third party on our behalf, your personal information will be passed to the third party for those purposes. We may also engage third parties to verify and audit the Services that are performed for quality control and regulatory purposes; in these circumstances, your personal information will be disclosed to the third party.
Further information on the manner in which we process personal information is set out in our Privacy Policy, a copy of which is available on our Website.
Calls to our contact centre may be monitored and/or recorded for quality control and training purposes.
15 Liability
To the extent not prohibited by law, we accept no liability for any:
loss which is not foreseeable (loss is foreseeable if it was an obvious consequence of our breach or if it was contemplated by you and us at the time you and we entered into our agreement);
loss which arises when we are not at fault or in breach of our agreement; and
business loss (which includes loss of profits, loss of business, contracts, goodwill, business opportunity and other similar losses).
You may have certain legal rights regarding claims in respect of losses caused by our negligence or failure to carry out our obligations. Nothing in our agreement is intended to limit your legal rights as a consumer. For further information about your legal rights, in Ireland you can contact the Competition and Consumer Protection Commission and elsewhere you can contact your local authority Trading Standards Department or Citizens Advice Bureau.
Our Website, catalogues and other media may contain information and materials created and submitted by third parties, and, to the extent permitted by law, we exclude liability for all losses arising from any error, omission or inaccuracy in any such information and material.
Nothing in our agreement limits or excludes our liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, death or personal injury caused by our negligence or for any other liability which cannot be limited or excluded by law.
16 General
We will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, the Services, Surveys or any of our obligations under these Terms, nor for any defect or damage to Products, or for any failure or delay in supply or delivery of Products, in each case that is caused by events outside our reasonable control (including, without limitation, the following to the extent these are outside our reasonable control: accidents, extreme weather conditions, fire, explosion, flood, storm, earthquake, natural disaster, failure of telecommunications networks, inability to use transport networks, acts of God, terrorist attack, war, civil commotion, riots, strikes, lockouts and other industrial disputes, acts or restraints of Government, and imposition of restrictions on imports or exports).
Natural products may show some colour variations. To the extent permitted by law, we accept no liability for any discoloration or variation in the colour of natural products.
We will take reasonable steps to display as accurately as possible the colours, appearance and other detailing of our Products (and their packaging) in the images that appear on the Website and in our catalogues and other media. However, we do not guarantee that the images, appearance and other detailing that appear on the Website and in our catalogues and other media will exactly reflect the colour, appearance or detailing of the physical Product (or its packaging). Your Products (and their packaging) may vary slightly from those images.
Any information on the Website and in our catalogues and other media regarding sizing, weights, capacities, specifications, dimensions and measurements of Products is included as a guide only. If you are concerned about the precise size, weight, capacity, specifications, dimensions or measurements of any Product you require, we recommend that you contact us prior to placing an Order and/or purchasing a Product.
If any provision of these Terms (including any provision in which we exclude or limit our liability to you) is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in whole or in part, the validity, legality or enforceability of the other provisions of these Terms and the remainder of the provision in question shall not be affected.
No person other than you and us shall have any rights to enforce our agreement, whether under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties Act) 1999  (if based in England and Wales) or otherwise.
You may not assign or transfer your rights or obligations under our agreement, unless we agree in writing.
If we fail, at any time while these Terms are in force, to insist that you perform any of your obligations under these Terms, or if we do not exercise any of our rights or remedies under these Terms, or we delay in doing so, that will not mean that we have waived such rights or remedies and will not mean that you do not have to comply with those obligations. If we do waive a default by you, that will not mean that we will automatically waive any subsequent default by you. No waiver by us of any of these Terms shall be effective unless we expressly say that it is a waiver and we tell you so in writing.
17 Governing law and venue for disputes
Subject to the following paragraph, you and we agree that our agreement is governed by the law of England and Wales and that any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with our agreement (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will only be dealt with by the courts of England and Wales.
Regardless of the above paragraph, you and we agree that if:
you are resident in a part of the United Kingdom other than England and Wales, the law of that part of the United Kingdom will apply to our agreement and any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with our agreement (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be dealt with by the courts located there;
you are resident in Ireland, Irish law applies to our agreement and any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with our agreement (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be dealt with by the Irish courts;
you are resident in Jersey, Jersey law applies to our agreement and any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with our agreement (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be dealt with by the Jersey courts; and
you are resident in Guernsey, Guernsey law applies to our agreement and any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with our agreement (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be dealt with by the Guernsey courts,
provided that, where we are allowed to do so by law, we may bring a claim against you in the courts of England and Wales.
18 Your legal rights and adjudication service
Alternative Dispute Resolution
If we have been unable to resolve your complaint for you, you may wish to use the Alternative Dispute Resolution Service. B&Q Limited is a registered full member of The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman (“FHIO”) in the UK. The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman is approved by the UK government to provide alternative dispute resolution services, ensuring that you have complete peace of mind when buying products and services from us. Although the FHIO is based in the UK, the alternative dispute resolution services are available to our customers in all jurisdictions. To find out more about the Furniture Ombudsman please visit www.fhio.org Before going through the Dispute Resolution process please contact our Customer Service Team at OnlineDisputeResolution@b-and-q.co.uk who will try and resolve the issue for you in the first instance. .
Payment Protection Scheme
The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman Payment Protection Scheme is a mechanism that has been devised to protect consumers who have paid 100% in advance of a home improvement installation (the supply and fit of a fitted kitchen, fitted bathroom, fitted bedroom, fitted home office or other installation including conservatories). The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman (“FHIO”) holds an amount of money in a Protected Account which can be drawn upon, if needed, to pay an award of compensation to a Consumer following a Legitimate Complaint being upheld in their favour. For more information about the Payment Protection Scheme, please visit
https://www.fhio.org/payment-protection-scheme
.
EU Online Dispute Resolution Platform
In addition to the Alternative Dispute Resolution Scheme please note that for disputes that arise as a result of an online purchase only, if you are in the EU, you may submit your complaint to the EU Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) platform via their website at
http://ec.europa.eu/odr
. In the UK you may however wish to go direct to our Alternative Dispute Resolution provider, The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman, as detailed above.
For UK customers:
Nothing in these Terms affects your legal rights, for example in relation to Products which are faulty. Advice about your legal rights is available from your local Citizens’ Advice Bureau or trading standards office.
For Irish customers:
Nothing in these Terms affects your legal rights, for example in relation to Products which are faulty. Advice about your legal rights is available from the Competition and Consumer Protection Commision.
For Jersey customers:
Nothing in these Terms affects your legal rights, for example in relation to Products which are faulty. Advice about your legal rights is available from your local Citizens' Advice Bureau or trading standards office.
For Guernsey customers:
Nothing in these Terms affects your legal rights, for example in relation to Products which are faulty. Advice about your legal rights is available from your local Citizens' Advice Bureau or trading standards office.
19 Contacting us and you
If you have any questions, complaints or concerns with respect to your Order or these Terms, please contact us as follows:
by telephone: on 0333 0143357 (or 1800 946327 if you are calling from Ireland) (lines are open 8am to 8pm weekdays, 8am to 8pm Saturday and 10am to 4pm Sunday);
by email at: home.delivery@b-and-q.co.uk; or
by post at: B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom or for customers in the Republic of Ireland you can alternatively send to: B&Q Ireland Limited, 6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2.
Any formal legal notices should be sent to us at the following address, marked for the attention of the Company Secretary of B&Q Limited: B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom.
If we have to contact you or give you notice in writing, we will do so by email or by hand or by pre-paid post to the address you provide to us in your Order or we otherwise hold for you.
A consumer may also use the following model cancellation form to do this but they are not required to do so:
Model Cancellation Form
To: B&Q Limited Address: B&Q Customer Services, B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom Email address:
home.delivery@b-and-q.co.uk
.
For customers in the Republic of Ireland you can alternatively send to B&Q Ireland Limited, 6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Republic of Ireland, Email address: home.delivery@b-and-q.co.uk
I/We(*) hereby give notice that I/We(*) cancel from my/our (*) contract of sale of the following goods(*)/for the provision of the following service*,
Ordered on(*) / received on(*)
Name of consumer(s),
Address of consumer(s),
Signature of consumer (only if this form is notified on paper)
Date
(*) Please delete if not applicable
We may update, vary and amend these Terms from time to time without prior notice. When you place an Order, the Terms in force at that time will apply (as set out on our Website or available in store). Please check in store or on our Website to ensure that you understand which Terms apply.
These Terms were last updated on 23 July 2021.
Home delivery terms & conditions
Delivery times apply to items in stock.
If any items you order are not available we will use the telephone or email details you have provided to contact you and discuss how you wish to proceed. If we are not able to contact you we will use our discretion and send you the items that are available and possibly a substitute for the unavailable item(s) or refund you accordingly.
Deliveries normally occur between 7am and 6pm. Currently the exact timing of delivery cannot be specified.
Working days are classified as Monday to Friday and exclude bank holidays.
Unless otherwise stated, all deliveries will be made direct to your door. We are not responsible for any additional lifting or carrying of your goods.
We do not deliver items to multiple addresses.
Please leave a daytime telephone number as we may contact you to arrange a convenient delivery date.
If your order contains more than one item you may be contacted by more than one operator to arrange the delivery date, and the products may be delivered separately even if they have the same estimated delivery dates because our products come from different delivery partners and suppliers.
Delivery is available to all UK mainland addresses. Customers living in some remote rural areas should note some services are not available. If you live in one of these areas, our Restricted Delivery Table will show you the affected postcodes and available delivery services.
We regret that we are unable to deliver to Scottish islands, Isles of Scilly, Jersey, Guernsey and BFPO (British Forces Post Office) addresses.
For in-store orders cancel any items that bring the order total below £250, prior to the items being delivered, you will be charged the appropriate delivery cost for the remaining value of the shopping basket as detailed in the delivery charges.
Bulk delivery terms & conditions
During checkout you will be automatically allocated the next available delivery date. If this is not suitable then you can simply change the date by clicking the ‘change date’ button. A window will open with all available delivery dates for the next 2 weeks.
Choose a new date to apply this to your order.
Delivery days are classified as Monday to Friday 7am to 5pm between 1st September and 31st March, and Monday to Saturday 7am to 6pm between 1st April and 31st August. Delivery days exclude Bank Holidays. Delivery times effective following receipt of your order from B&Q.
Minimum order value is £100 across any combination of bulk delivered products. Subject to delivery requirements below.
1 Delivery requirements
PLEASE DO NOT PLACE AN ORDER IF YOU ARE NOT CONFIDENT THAT THE DELIVERY LOCATION COMPLIES WITH THE FOLLOWING REQUIREMENTS:
We are able to deliver goods to selected UK postcode destinations, restrictions apply, please call 0300 303 4481 or ask in-store for details
The delivery vehicle used by B&Q is a similar size to a double decker bus and requires sufficient space for products to be unloaded using a crane
Deliveries will not be made where the ground condition is uneven, not suitable to unload or likely to cause damage to the vehicle*
We will not leave products on public property unless written consent is provided by the relevant authority confirming agreement of delivery to location
A signature is required on delivery. However, goods can be left without being signed for when a prior arrangement has been made between B&Q and the customer. B&Q will not accept responsibility for goods which are lost or stolen after they have been delivered in accordance with any prior arrangement
*Deliveries are to kerbside only and orders will be cancelled if the delivery vehicle is unable to safely access the delivery location.
2 Delivery charge
Minimum order value £100.  £30 delivery charge applies.  Available to selected locations, restrictions apply - visit
diy.com for details
.
3 Replacement products
Should the goods supplied be faulty or damaged, either inform the driver or, if the driver has left the delivery location, call 0300 303 4481 or contact your local store to arrange replacement goods.*
*B&Q will aim to replace faulty goods within 2 working days of you notifying us.
4 Cancellation
Consumers may return orders within 90 (ninety) days from the date the order was placed provided the goods are unused and in original packaging.*
*Goods can be returned to a store or a collection can be arranged by calling 0300 303 4481.
B&Q Club terms & conditions
Here you will find the terms and conditions (the Terms) in relation to your membership of the B&Q Club.
The promoter is B&Q Limited. B&Q Limited is a company registered in England (company number 973387) whose registered office is at B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, Hampshire SO53 3LE (B&Q, us, we or our).
These Terms apply to B&Q Club members resident in the United Kingdom, the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands (the Territory).
Becoming a member of the B&Q Club
1.0 To become a B&Q Club member, you can pick up a B&Q Club card or key fob in store which you must register online at
www.diy.com/bandqclub
or via the B&Q app together with your email address. You can also register your title, name and postal address including postcode.
2.0 Alternatively, you can register your email address online at
www.diy.com/bandqclub
or via the B&Q app and we will email you a digital membership card. You can also register your title, name and postal address including postcode. You can register a B&Q Club card and/or key fob to your membership account after registering for a digital membership card.
3.0 You must not share your membership number or your membership details with any third party.
4.0 Your use of your B&Q Club membership card, fob and/or digital membership card is subject to these Terms.
General terms of B&Q Club membership
5.0 Membership of the B&Q Club is only available to residents of the Territory who are aged 18 or over.
6.0 The B&Q Club membership is not transferable and the benefits of membership can only be used by the registered member.
7.0 Each person shall only be entitled to one B&Q Club membership account and B&Q may refuse, merge or close additional accounts at any time.
8.0 B&Q Club membership is solely for individual consumers and not for businesses or commercial entities. You must not use your B&Q Club membership in connection with any business transaction or purpose. B&Q employees and their relatives are entitled to become B&Q Club members.
9.0 We reserve the right to refuse any application for membership for any reason.
10.0 You must not use your B&Q Club membership or any Membership Materials (as defined below) in any way that violates applicable law or infringes the rights of any person.
11.0 Membership of the B&Q Club entitles you to receive exclusive benefits (Member Benefits) from time to time including but limited to promotional offers, discounts and digital receipts. These may include discounts and promotions offered by third parties, B&Q is not a party to these third party sales contracts. Each Member Benefit will be subject to separate terms and conditions which will be made available to you on diy.com. Where B&Q offers promotional discounts on products sold on diy.com these discounts only apply to products sold and shipped by B&Q and do not apply to products sold and shipped by verified sellers.
Membership materials
12.0 B&Q Club membership numbers, cards, key fobs, coupons, vouchers, printable B&Q Club material and all other B&Q Club documents and materials (collectively, Membership Materials) are issued by and remain the property of B&Q. You must return Membership Materials to B&Q on request or destroy those Membership Materials when no longer valid for use.
13.0 Membership Materials cannot be transferred, bought, sold or in any way traded.
14.0 The B&Q Club card, key fob and digital membership card are not a credit, debit or cheque guarantee card and are for use by the registered member only, in connection with purchases intended for personal use only.
15.0 The Promoter reserves the right to alter the conditions of use and/or to withdraw the Membership Materials at any time.
Cancelling your B&Q Club membership
16.0 You can cancel your B&Q Club membership at any time by emailing bandqcustomerservices@b-and-q.co.uk or by writing to:
The B&Q Club Membership B&Q House Chestnut Avenue Chandler's Ford Eastleigh Hampshire SO53 3LE United Kingdom
17.0 A breach of these Terms (or the separate terms and conditions of any Member Benefit) or an abuse of the B&Q Club, in each case as reasonably determined by us, will entitle us to cancel your B&Q Club membership, without prior notice. We reserve the right to take any other action deemed necessary where you are found to have breached these Terms (or the separate terms and conditions of any Member Benefit) or abused the B&Q Club.
18.0 You will cease to be entitled to the Member Benefits of the B&Q Club when your membership is cancelled.
Cancellation or variation of the B&Q Club
19.0 We reserve the right to terminate or suspend the B&Q Club (whether in part or in its entirety) or vary these Terms,or vary or alter the operation of the B&Q Club, including varying or terminating Member Benefits, at any time.
20.0 If we terminate the B&Q Club or make other changes to the B&Q Club, we shall take reasonable and appropriate steps to make you aware of such termination or changes. If we change these Terms and you do not agree to the Terms as amended, you may cancel your B&Q Club membership in the manner referred to at point 16 above.
21.0 If you continue to use your B&Q Club membership after the Terms have been amended, you indicate your acceptance of the updated Terms and agree to be bound by them.
Our liability
22.0 We accept no liability under or in connection with these Terms or their subject matter for any:
a) loss which is not foreseeable (loss is foreseeable if it was an obvious consequence of our breach or if it was contemplated by you and us at the time you and we entered into these Terms);
b) loss which arises when we are not at fault or in breach of these Terms; and
c) business loss (which includes loss of profits, loss of business, contracts, goodwill, business opportunity and other similar losses).
23.0 Nothing in these Terms limits or excludes our liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, death or personal injury caused by our negligence or for any other liability which cannot be limited or excluded by law.
Waiver and severance
24.0 Any failure or delay by us in exercising any right or remedy under these Terms shall not prevent us from being able to enforce that, or any other, right or remedy at a later time.
25.0 If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by any court or other competent authority, all other provisions will remain in full force and effect.
Assignment
26.0 You agree that we may transfer any of our rights and/or transfer, sub-contract or delegate any of our obligations under these Terms. Where we do so, we will take steps to ensure that it does not affect your ability to rely on the rights that you may have under these Terms.
27.0 These Terms are personal to you and are entered into by you for your own benefit and not for the benefit of any third party. You may only transfer or assign your rights under these Terms with our prior consent, which we will not unreasonably withhold.
Your information
28.0 B&Q will collect and use information about you, including the information you provide when registering (such as your name, address and email address) and any other personal information you provide, or that is generated about you, in connection with your membership to the B&Q Club and use of the B&Q Club card, key fob and digital membership card, including details of purchases you make.
29.0 We may use your information to: (i) administer your membership to the B&Q Club and to communicate with you in connection with your membership; (ii) understand your purchasing preferences to enable us to improve our products and services; (iii) provide you with information about products, services, promotions and offers by post, SMS, email and other electronic means (including social media) (we may analyse the purchases you make to enable us to send you information that is most likely to interest you); (iv) provide you with digital receipts in respect of your purchases; (v) monitor and run our business, and for market research purposes; and (vi) prevent, detect and investigate fraud and other criminal activity and prosecute offenders.
30.0 Please see our Privacy Policy for further information about how we use your information.
Governing law
31.0 Subject to the following paragraph, you and we agree that these Terms are governed by the law of England and Wales and that any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with these Terms (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will only be dealt with by the courts of England and Wales.
32.0 Regardless of the above paragraph, you and we agree that if you are resident in a part of the United Kingdom other than England and Wales, the law of that part of the United Kingdom will apply to these Terms and any dispute between you and us arising out of or in connection with these Terms (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be dealt with by the courts located there, provided that, where we are allowed to do so by law, we may bring a claim against you in the courts of England and Wales.
These Terms were last updated on 19th February 2019.
B&Q discount coupon terms & conditions
A B&Q coupon entitles the bearer to the discount value detailed on the coupon in a single transaction on goods available in store to take away on the day (except Republic of Ireland and concessions), on diy.com or on the B&Q app where an online coupon code is included. Coupons cannot be used for the purchase of gift cards, installation or delivery of goods or against charity top ups. Where a spend threshold applies to the coupon, any charity tops ups do not count towards that threshold. Coupons cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer, discount, or against the purchase of products from verified sellers on diy.com. Please note that when issued, an online code is case sensitive and must be entered as shown.
Only one coupon can be used per transaction. Coupon valid for one transaction only. No cash alternative is available. The coupon cannot be sold or applied retrospectively. B&Q reserves the right to reject any coupon it deems, in its sole discretion, to be forged, defaced or otherwise tampered with. B&Q reserves the right to hold, void or suspend the promotion where it becomes necessary to do so. The B&Q Club terms and conditions of membership apply to Club customers (see www.diy.com/club). The offer is not valid on any of the B&Q partner sites. Coupon expires on the date referenced on each individual coupon.
Wallpaper samples free delivery terms & conditions
Free standard delivery applies to orders of wallpaper samples only. Where additional products have been included with the order, a delivery charge may apply based on products selected and/or the total order value. See
here
for delivery charges.
Kitchen, bathroom and bedroom installation workmanship guarantee
Our installation service is currently only available in England, Wales and Scotland.
This guarantee is offered by B&Q Limited, B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandlers Ford, SO53 3LE. On completion of your installation you will be provided with your guarantee documentation. The rights under this guarantee will only be available on production of valid evidence of this guarantee so please keep your guarantee documentation safe as evidence of your guarantee.
Guarantee period
The workmanship is guaranteed against fault for 2 years from completion of your installation.
What is covered
This guarantee is specifically limited to cover the workmanship carried out during the installation services provided to you.
What is not covered
This guarantee does not cover;
The products themselves
Damage as a result of natural deterioration of fair wear and tear ie silicone deterioration
Accidental or intentional damage, abuse, misuse, neglect You are not covered for routine maintenance or adjustments, including but not limited to, door adjustments, hinge adjustments, toilet seat adjustments, and any silicone renewal.
Guarantee terms and conditions
If you experience a problem, or in the event that a fault appears during the guarantee period, you must notify us using the link below as soon as reasonably practicable, upon becoming aware of the problem or fault. Delaying notification may affect your rights under this guarantee; the guarantee will not cover remedial work that is required as a result of delayed notification (for instance where additional problems have arisen due to the delay).
We will support assessment of the claim via remote observation from photographs and videos supplied by the customer however may arrange for an engineer/inspector to examine the problem or fault to ascertain whether it is covered by the guarantee.
Where the issue identified by you is as a result of faulty workmanship and therefore covered by the guarantee, we agree to carry out those repairs necessary to rectify the problem or fault at no cost to you. Where we deem it to be necessary, we will provide replacement products. Where identical products are no longer available we reserve the right to provide a product of similar specification.
Where works are carried out under this guarantee they will be covered by this guarantee for the duration of the remaining term of this guarantee; the guarantee period will not restart on completion of the remedial works.
In the event you sell your property this guarantee may be transferred to the new owner. The new owner must provide evidence of the transfer of ownership of the property together with valid evidence of this guarantee (ie by providing a copy of the guarantee documentation issued at the time of the installation completion).
This guarantee only applies where the products (and therefore the workmanship of the installation services) have been used for domestic purposes only.
What to do in the event of a claim
If you experience a problem or in the event that a fault appears during the guarantee period submit a claim form via
https://www.diy.com/customer-support/guarantee-claim-form
Gas leaks
If you should smell gas in your home, you must call National Gas Emergency Services on 0800 111999 immediately.
YOUR STATUTORY RIGHTS AS A CONSUMER ARE NOT AFFECTED BY THE GUARANTEE
Guarantee terms & conditions - GoodHome kitchen products guarantees (UK & Ireland)
About GoodHome kitchen product guarantees
We take special care to select high quality materials and use manufacturing techniques that allow us to create products incorporating design and durability. GoodHome Kitchen Product Guarantees guarantee against manufacturing defects, from the date of purchase (if bought in store) or date of delivery (if bought online), at no additional cost for normal (non-professional or commercial) household use.
How long is my GoodHome product kitchen guarantee valid?
Please consult your User/Instruction Manual or see the table below for details of the length of our GoodHome Kitchen Product Guarantees. Where there is a discrepancy between the information in this document and the Guarantee Terms and Conditions included with your product, these Terms and Conditions take precedent.
GoodHome Kitchen Product Guarantees (UK&IRELAND)
Guarantee period
GoodHome products covered
25 years
All GoodHome kitchen: cabinets, drawer boxes, door and drawer fronts, cabinet panels, cornices, pelmets, plinths, hinges, worktops, splashbacks, back panels, cabinet hanging brackets
15 years
All Goodhome kitchen: sinks
10 years
All GoodHome kitchen: taps, Tasuke integrated wall cabinet light, Pebre internal storage, Kora bins, cabinet accessories (minimum 10 years, some products up to 25 years), handles, Datil cabinet brackets for baking trays, Datil wall organiser spice rack, Nitaki plastic cutlery tray, Nitaki plastic cutlery insert, Datil wall organiser hooks, Datil over door hooks, Datil over door rail, Datil wall organiser utensil holder, Datil roll up drying rack and trivet, Datil pan lid holder, Datil wine glass holder, Datil cup holder, Datil wall organiser fixed shelf, Datil wall organiser single shelf, Datil wall organiser double shelf, Datil moveable shelf 400mm, Datil 2 tier door shelf, Datil 4 tier door shelf, Budu kitchen trolley
5 years
Bamia appliances, Datil plastic chopping board set, Datil kitchen sink chopping board, Datil bamboo chopping board, Datil bamboo chopping board set, Datil kitchen sink colander, Datil kitchen sink mat, Pecel small panel for magnetic accessories, Pecel medium panel for magnetic accessories, Nitaki bamboo cutlery tray, Datil extendable bamboo cutlery tray, Nitaki bamboo knife holder, Budu worktop set, Budu worktop storage caddies, Budu worktop small container, Budu worktop medium container, Pecel magnetic foil/film holder, Pecel magnetic roll holder, Pecel magnetic row of 5 hooks, Pecel magnetic utensil holder, Budu worktop shelf, Pecel small magnetic shelf, Pecel medium magnetic shelf, Pecel magnetic knife block
2 years
Anise recycling bags
What does the GoodHome guarantee cover?
Your GoodHome Kitchen Product Guarantee covers product failures and malfunctions provided the product is used for the purpose for which it is intended and subject to installation, cleaning, care and maintenance in accordance with the information contained in these Terms and Conditions, in the User/Instruction Manual and standard practice, provided that standard practice does not conflict with the User/Instruction Manual.
Your GoodHome Kitchen Product Guarantee does not cover defects and damage caused by normal wear and tear or damage that could be the result of improper use, faulty installation or assembly, neglect, accident, misuse, or modification of the product. Unless stated otherwise by applicable law, GoodHome Kitchen Product Guarantees do not cover, in any case, ancillary costs (shipping, movement, costs of uninstalling and reinstalling, labour etc), or direct and indirect damage. Please see your product User/Instruction Manual for full list of product specific exclusions.
How to make a claim under your GoodHome kitchen product guarantee
To make a claim under your GoodHome Kitchen Product Guarantee, you must present your proof of purchase (such as a sales receipt, purchase invoice or other evidence admissible under applicable law), please keep your proof of purchase in a safe place. For your GoodHome guarantee to apply, the product you purchased must be new, it will not apply to second hand or display products. Unless stated otherwise by applicable law, any replacement product issued under your GoodHome guarantee will only be guaranteed until expiry of the original GoodHome guarantee period.
How will the problem be corrected?
If a product covered by a GoodHome Kitchen Product Guarantee is proven to be defective, we will repair or replace the affected part within a reasonable time. We reserve the right to instruct a third party to inspect the product to determine the cause of any alleged defect as part of the claims process. Where the product is no longer available, a replacement product of the same or similar specification may be provided at our discretion. These are the only remedies available under GoodHome Kitchen Product Guarantees.
GoodHome Kitchen Product Guarantees are non-transferable if the product is removed from the premises in which it was first installed. If the product is proven defective, we will repair or replace (as applicable) within a reasonable time.
Rights under GoodHome Kitchen Product Guarantees are enforceable in the country in which you purchased the product. All product guarantee related queries should be addressed to the store you purchased your product from.
GoodHome Kitchen Product Guarantees are in addition to and do not affect your statutory rights.
Manufacturer
Kingfisher International Products Limited 3 Sheldon Square, W26PX London United Kingdom
www.kingfisher.com/products
Distributor
B&Q Limited Chandlers Ford, Hants, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom
www.diy.com
Screwfix Direct Limited Trade House, Mead Avenue, Yeovil, BA22 8RT, United Kingdom
www.screwfix.com
Guarantee terms & conditions - Cooke & Lewis/IT 10 year kitchen guarantee
What is covered
This Guarantee is offered by B&Q Limited, B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Eastleigh, SO53 3LE. B&Q guarantee for 10 years from the date of purchase, all Cooke and Lewis and IT kitchen cabinets, door and drawer fronts, cabinet frames, cabinet hanging brackets, cabinet panels, adjustable legs, cornice, pelmet, plinths, hinges, drawer runners, cabinet storage solutions, B&Q and Cooke and Lewis taps and sinks. Where an individual product has a separate guarantee period that is longer than 10 years that time period will apply.
The guarantee is subject to the terms and conditions below.
Conditions of the guarantee
This Guarantee relates to products purchased for domestic use only.
If the product fails due to a defect in materials or workmanship within the guarantee period B&Q will repair or replace the affected product or part.
Where the products are no longer available, B&Q will, at its discretion, provide you with a replacement product of similar specification.
These are the only remedies available under this Guarantee.
All claims must be supported with the original receipt or other reasonable proof of purchase.
The Guarantee assumes the product has been installed and maintained in accordance with the product instruction manual.
The Guarantee applies to the single product in question and does not extend to the replacement of other products in the kitchen, general household fittings or furniture.
The Guarantee is non transferable to a new owner of the product if the product has been removed from the premises in which it was first installed and then reinstalled in other premises.
All claims must be made as soon as reasonably practicable once the defect has been discovered.
B&Q require reasonable opportunity to inspect the product in the installed situation. In circumstances where it is not reasonably practicable for the product to remain in situ, the product should be retained for inspection.
B&Q reserves the right to instruct a third party of its choice to inspect the Products to determine the cause of any alleged defect in the Product before confirming the defect and replacing the Product.
What is not covered
Products that have been damaged or neglected as a result of a failure to, assemble, install, use or care for the products in accordance with the instructions.
B&Q will not accept responsibility under this Guarantee if a product is damaged or becomes defective due to modification, misuse, neglect, infestation, wilful or accidental damage or act of God
Replacement of other products in the kitchen, general household fittings or furniture or the repair of other consequential or incidental damage arising from a defective product that could not be reasonably foreseen at the time the product was purchased or installed
Products damaged as a result of the use of strong chemicals, contrary to B&Q’s instructions and guidelines.
Products installed into business premises or domestic premises connected with business (e.g. holiday lets)
Normal wear and tear
Natural discolouration that may occur over time
Products sold or installed outside the UK or Republic of Ireland
This guarantee is in addition to and does not affect your statutory rights
How to make a claim under the guarantee
If you wish to make a claim under the Guarantee you should contact a local B&Q store or GoodHome by B&Q store
You will be asked for a copy of your original receipt or other reasonable proof of purchase.
Guarantee terms & conditions - Cooke & Lewis 10 year bathroom guarantee
What is covered
This Guarantee is offered by B&Q Limited, B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Eastleigh, SO53 3LE. B&Q guarantee for 10 years from the date of purchase all B&Q and Cooke and Lewis baths, sinks, ceramic toilet pans and cistern, shower trays, cabinets, cabinet hanging brackets, hinges, cabinet panels, adjustable legs, door and drawer fronts, shower mixer controls, taps. Where an individual product has a separate guarantee period that is longer than 10 years that time period will apply.
This guarantee is subject to the terms and conditions below.
Conditions of the guarantee
This Guarantee relates to products purchased for domestic use only.
If the product fails due to a defect in materials or workmanship within the guarantee period B&Q will repair or replace the affected product or part.
Where the product is no longer available, B&Q will at its discretion, provide you with a replacement product of similar specification.
These are the only remedies available under this Guarantee.
All claims must be supported with the original receipt or other reasonable proof of purchase.
The guarantee assumes the product has been installed and maintained in accordance with the product instruction manual.
The Guarantee applies to the single product in question and does not extend to the replacement of other products in the kitchen, general household fittings or furniture.
The Guarantee is non transferable to a new owner of the product if the product has been removed from the premises in which it was first installed and then reinstalled in other premises.
All claims must be made as soon as reasonably practicable once the defect has been discovered.
B&Q require reasonable opportunity to inspect the product in the installed situation. In circumstances where it is not reasonably practicable for the product to remain in situ, the product should be retained for inspection.
B&Q reserves the right to instruct a third party of its choice to inspect the Products to determine the cause of any alleged defect in the Product before confirming the defect and replacing the Product.
What is not covered
Whirlpool and wellness systems, shower trays that are part of a complete shower enclosure, toilet seats, toilet fittings, siphons, wastes, valves
Products that have been damaged or neglected as a result of a failure to, assemble, install, use or care for the products in accordance with the instructions and general good plumbing practice
B&Q will not accept responsibility under this Guarantee if a product is damaged or becomes defective due to modification, misuse, neglect, infestation, wilful or accidental damage or act of God
Replacement of other products in the bathroom, general household fittings or furniture or the repair of other consequential or incidental damage arising from a defective product that could not be reasonably foreseen at the time the product was purchased or installed
Products damaged as a result of the use of strong chemicals, contrary to B&Q’s instructions and guidelines.
Products installed into business premises or domestic premises connected with business (eg holiday lets)
Normal wear and tear
Natural discolouration that may occur over time
Products sold or installed outside the UK or Republic of Ireland
This guarantee is in addition to and does not affect your statutory rights
How to make a claim under the guarantee
If you wish to make a claim under the Guarantee you should contact a local B&Q store or GoodHome by B&Q store
You will be asked for a copy of your original receipt or other reasonable proof of purchase.
Guarantee terms & conditions - Atomia furniture
Manufacturer
Kingfisher International Products Limited, 3 Sheldon Square, London, W2 6PX, United Kingdom
www.kingfisher.com/products
.
Distributor
B&Q Limited Chandlers Ford, Hants, SO53 3LE, United Kingdom
www.diy.com
.
Cabinets / shelves / internal drawers / external drawers/ hinged doors / sliding doors / tracks & profiles (for sliding doors)
We take special care to select high quality materials and use manufacturing techniques that allow us to create products incorporating design and durability. This product has a manufacturer’s guarantee of 15 years against manufacturing defects, from the date of purchase (if bought in store) or date of delivery (if bought online), at no additional cost for normal (non-professional or commercial) household use.
To make a claim under this guarantee, you must present your proof of purchase (such as a sales receipt, purchase invoice or other evidence admissible under applicable law), please keep your proof of purchase in a safe place. For this guarantee to apply, the product you purchased must be new, it will not apply to second hand or display products. Unless stated otherwise by applicable law, any replacement product issued under this guarantee will only be guaranteed until expiry of the original guarantee period.
This guarantee covers product failures and malfunctions provided the product was used for the purpose for which it is intended and subject to installation, cleaning, care and maintenance in accordance with the information contained in these terms and conditions, in the user manual and standard practice, provided that standard practice does not conflict with the user manual.
This guarantee does not cover defects and damage caused by normal wear and tear or damage that could be the result of improper use, faulty installation or assembly, neglect, accident, misuse, or modification of the product. Unless stated otherwise by applicable law, this guarantee will not cover, in any case, ancillary costs (shipping, movement, costs of uninstalling and reinstalling, labour etc), or direct and indirect damage.
If the product is defective, we will, within a reasonable time, provide spare parts, or proceed with a partial or complete replacement.
Rights under this guarantee are enforceable in the country in which you purchased this product. Guarantee related queries should be addressed to the store you purchased this product from.
The guarantee is in addition to and does not affect your statutory rights.
Accessories / Push to open for doors / Soft open & Soft close system for sliding doors / Hanging bars (classic, frontal, pull-out, corner) / Pull-out accessories (baskets, shoe racks, trouser racks, accessories hook) / Sloping wall bracket / Upright & connectors / Shoe shelf / Feet & handles
We take special care to select high quality materials and use manufacturing techniques that allow us to create products incorporating design and durability. This GoodHome Atomia accessory has a manufacturer’s guarantee of 3 years against manufacturing defects, from the date of purchase (if bought in store) or date of delivery (if bought online), at no additional cost for normal (non-professional or commercial) household use.
To make a claim under this guarantee, you must present your proof of purchase (such as a sales receipt, purchase invoice or other evidence admissible under applicable law), please keep your proof of purchase in a safe place. For this guarantee to apply, the product you purchased must be new, it will not apply to second hand or display products. Unless stated otherwise by applicable law, any replacement product issued under this guarantee will only be guaranteed until expiry of the original period guarantee period.
This guarantee covers product failures and malfunctions provided the product was used for the purpose for which it is intended and subject to installation, cleaning, care and maintenance in accordance with the information contained in these terms and conditions, in the user manual and standard practice, provided that standard practice does not conflict with the user manual.
This guarantee does not cover defects and damage caused by normal wear and tear or damage that could be the result of improper use, faulty installation or assembly, neglect, accident, misuse, or modification of the product. Unless stated otherwise by applicable law, this guarantee will not cover, in any case, ancillary costs (shipping, movement, costs of uninstalling and reinstalling, labour etc), or direct and indirect damage.
If the product is defective, we will, within a reasonable time, provide spare parts, or proceed with a partial or complete replacement.
Rights under this guarantee are enforceable in the country in which you purchased this product. Guarantee related queries should be addressed to the store you purchased this product from.
The guarantee is in addition to and does not affect your statutory rights.
Guarantee terms & conditions - GoodHome masonry paint guarantee
We take special care to select high quality materials and use manufacturing techniques that allow us to create products incorporating design and durability. GoodHome Classic Masonry Paint, Self-Cleaning Masonry Paint and Windowsill and Trim Masonry Paint have a supplier’s guarantee of 15, 20 and 10 years respectively against peeling and flaking due to manufacturing defects, from the date of purchase (if bought in store) or date of delivery (if bought online), at no additional cost for normal (non-professional or commercial) household use.
To make a claim under this guarantee, you must present your proof of purchase (such as a sales receipt, purchase invoice or other evidence admissible under applicable law), please keep your proof of purchase in a safe place. For this guarantee to apply, the product you purchased must be new, it will not apply to second hand products. Unless stated otherwise by applicable law, any replacement product issued under this guarantee will only be guaranteed until expiry of the original guarantee period.
This guarantee covers product failures resulting in peeling or flaking provided the product was used for the purpose for which it is intended and subject to the correct application, cleaning, care and maintenance in accordance with the information contained in these terms and conditions, on the product packaging and standard practice, provided that standard practice does not conflict with the product instructions.
This guarantee does not cover peeling or flaking caused by structural movement in the underlying surface, defects and damage caused by normal wear and tear or damage that could be the result of improper use, faulty application , neglect, accident, misuse, or modification of the product. Unless stated otherwise by applicable law, this guarantee will not cover, in any case, ancillary costs (shipping, movement, costs of uninstalling and reinstalling, labour etc), or direct and indirect damage.
If the product is defective, we will, within a reasonable time, supply a replacement product, where the product is no longer available you will be provided with a product of similar specification and value to that originally purchased. In the event neither of these remedies are available a refund of the original purchase price will be given. The replacement product will be limited to the volume of product/s that are considered to have failed and not the total number originally purchased.
Rights under this guarantee are enforceable in the country in which you purchased this product. Guarantee related queries should be addressed to the store you purchased this product from.
The guarantee is in addition to and does not affect your statutory rights.
Guarantee Terms & Conditions - Colours masonry paint guarantee
What is covered
This guarantee is offered by B&Q Limited, B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandlers Ford Eastleigh, S053 3LE. B&Q’s Colours Premium Masonry Paint is guaranteed to remain water resistant for 20 years from the date of original purchase. This Guarantee is subject to the terms and conditions stated below.
Conditions of the guarantee
If the product fails within the 20 year guarantee period we will provide you, at our discretion, either a replacement tin of paint, or where this is no longer available, a refund of the original purchase price of the faulty tin of paint only. These are the only remedies available under this Guarantee.
All claims must be supported with the original receipt or other reasonable proof of purchase. The guarantee assumes the product has been applied and maintained in accordance with the product instructions. The Guarantee does not extend to the replacement of other household fittings or furniture.
If you are provided with a replacement product, the replacement will be covered under this guarantee for the duration of the remaining term of the guarantee.
What is not covered
• Claims will not be accepted for paint that has not performed as a result of failing;
to store the product
to prepare the surfaces to be painted or
to apply the product
in accordance with the instructions.
• B&Q will not accept responsibility under this Guarantee if the product becomes defective due to modification, misuse, neglect, wilful or accidental damage or act of God.
• Products sold or used outside the UK or Republic of Ireland.
• Normal wear and tear.
This guarantee is in addition to and does not affect your statutory rights
How to make a claim under the guarantee
If you wish to make a claim under the Guarantee you should contact our helpline on 080 8168 0534. You will be asked for a copy of your original receipt or other reasonable proof of purchase.
Guarantee terms & conditions - Outdoor power guarantees
Mac Electric/cordless
This product carries a guarantee of 24 months starting from the day of purchase. Please retain your receipt as a proof.
This guarantee specifically excludes losses due to:
Normal wear and tear, including accessory wear
Overload, misuse or neglect
Failure of consumable items (such as batteries)
Repairs attempted by anyone other than an authorized agent
Accidental damage caused by foreign objects or substances
Lack of routine maintenance
Failure to follow manufacturer’s guidelines
Loss of use of the goods
Due to continuous product improvement, we reserve the right to change the product specification without prior notice.
This guarantee does not affect your statutory rights.
For any inquiries relating to the guarantee lease contact your retailer: if you purchased this product In B&Q store or website then call 0333 0143101. IF you bought this product in SFX outlet or website then please call 03330 112 112.
Erbauer
At Erbauer we take special care to select high quality materials and use manufacturing techniques that allow us to create ranges of products incorporating design and durability. That’s why we offer a 2 year trade guarantee against manufacturing defects on our Erbauer power tool products.
This power tool is guaranteed for 2 years from the date of purchase, if bought in store, delivered or bought online. You may only make a claim under this guarantee upon presentation of your sales receipt or purchase invoice. Please keep your proof of purchase in a safe place.
This guarantee covers product failures and malfunctions provided the Erbauer power tool was used for the purpose for which it is intended and subject to installation, cleaning, care and maintenance in accordance with standard practice and with the information contained above and in the user manual. This guarantee does not cover defects and damage caused by or resulting from:
Normal wear and tear, including accessory wear
Overload, misuse or neglect
Repairs attempted by anyone other than an authorised agent
Cosmetic damage
Damage caused by foreign objects, substances or accidents
Accidental damage or modification
Failure to follow manufacturer’s guidelines
Loss of use of the goods
This guarantee is limited to parts recognised as defective. It does not, in any case, cover ancillary costs (movement, labour) and direct and indirect damage.
If the Erbauer power tool is defective during the guarantee period, then we reserve the right, at our discretion, to replace the item with a product of equivalent quality and functionality or to provide a refund.
This guarantee only applies to the country of purchase or delivery and is not transferrable to any other countries. This guarantee is non-transferrable to any other person or product. Relevant local law will apply to this guarantee.
Guarantee related queries should be addressed to a store affiliated with the distributor you purchased the Erbauer power tool from.
This guarantee is in addition to and does not affect your statutory rights relating to faulty goods as a consumer.
OPP petrol/electric
This product carries a guarantee of 12 months starting from the day of purchase. Please retain your receipt as a proof.
This guarantee specifically excludes losses due to:
Normal wear and tear, including accessory wear
Overload, misuse or neglect
Failure of consumable items (such as batteries)
Repairs attempted by anyone other than an authorised agent
Accidental damage caused by foreign objects or substances
Lack of routine maintenance
Failure to follow manufacturer’s guidelines
Loss of use of the goods
Due to continuous product improvement, we reserve the right to change the product specification without prior notice.
This guarantee does not affect your statutory rights.
For any inquiries relating to the guarantee, contact your retailer: If you purchased this product in B&Q store or website, then call 0333 014 3357. If you bought this product in SFX outlet or website then call 03330 112 112
Mac Petrol
This product carries a guarantee of 24 months starting from the day of purchase. Please retain your receipt as a proof.
This guarantee specifically excludes losses due to:
Normal wear and tear, including accessory wear
Overload, misuse or neglect
Failure of consumable items (such as batteries)
Repairs attempted by anyone other than an authorized agent
Accidental damage caused by foreign objects or substances
Lack of routine maintenance
Failure to follow manufacturer’s guidelines
Loss of use of the goods
Due to continuous product improvement, we reserve the right to change the product specification without prior notice.
This guarantee does not affect your statutory rights.
For any inquiries relating to the guarantee lease contact your retailer: if you purchased this product In B&Q store or website then call 0333 0143101. IF you bought this product in SFX outlet or website then please call 03330 112 112.
Guarantee terms & conditions - Fortia exterior doors and windows
Exterior doors guarantee
We take special care to select high quality materials and use manufacturing techniques that allow us to create products incorporating design and durability. This product has a 15-year guarantee on profiles, panels, frames and glazing as well as 2-year guarantee on hardware, against manufacturing defects, from the date of purchase (if bought in store) or date of delivery (if bought online), at no additional cost for normal (non-professional or commercial) household use.
To make a claim under this guarantee, you must present your proof of purchase (such as a sales receipt, purchase invoice or other evidence admissible under applicable law), please keep your proof of purchase in a safe place. For this guarantee to apply, the product you purchased must be new, it will not apply to second hand or display products. In case of a product replaced or repaired under the legal guarantee of conformity (2 years), the replaced/repaired part benefits from an additional 6 months of guarantee.
This guarantee covers product failures and malfunctions provided the product was used for the purpose for which it is intended and subject to installation, cleaning, care and maintenance in accordance with the information contained in these terms and conditions, in the user manual and standard practice, provided that standard practice does not conflict with the user manual. This guarantee does not cover defects and damage caused by normal wear and tear or damage that could be the result of improper use, faulty installation or assembly, neglect, accident, misuse, or modification of the product. Unless stated otherwise by applicable law, this guarantee will not cover, in any case, ancillary costs (shipping, movement, costs of uninstalling and reinstalling, labour etc), or direct and indirect damage.
If the product is defective, we undertake, within 15 days from the ¬first request for support from the after-sales service, to provide the spare parts concerned or find a solution acceptable to the customer. Rights under this guarantee are enforceable in the country in which you purchased this product. Guarantee related queries should be addressed to the store you purchased this product from. The guarantee is in addition to and does not affect your statutory rights.
Manufacturer
Kingfisher International Products Limited
Kingfisher International Products
1 Paddington Square
B.V., Rapenburgerstraat 175E
London
1011 VM Amsterdam
W2 1GG
The Netherlands
United Kingdom
www.kingfisher.com/products
Windows guarantee
We take special care to select high quality materials and use manufacturing techniques that allow us to create products incorporating design and durability. This product has a manufacturer’s guarantee of 10 years against manufacturing defects, from the date of purchase (if bought in store) or date of delivery (if bought online), at no additional cost for normal (non-professional or commercial) household use.
To make a claim under this guarantee, you must present your proof of purchase (such as a sales receipt, purchase invoice or other evidence admissible under applicable law), please keep your proof of purchase in a safe place. For this guarantee to apply, the product you purchased must be new, it will not apply to second hand or display products. Unless stated otherwise by applicable law, any replacement product issued under this guarantee will only be guaranteed until expiry of the original period guarantee period.
This guarantee covers product failures and malfunctions provided the product was used for the purpose for which it is intended and subject to installation, cleaning, care, and maintenance in accordance with the information contained in these terms and conditions, in the user manual and standard practice, provided that standard practice does not conflict with the user manual. This guarantee does not cover defects and damage caused by normal wear and tear or damage that could be the result of improper use, faulty installation or assembly, neglect, accident, misuse, or modification of the product. Unless stated otherwise by applicable law, this guarantee will not cover, in any case, ancillary costs (shipping, movement, costs of uninstalling and reinstalling, labour etc), or direct and indirect damage.
If the product is defective, we will, within a reasonable time, repair it or replace it. Rights under this guarantee are enforceable in the country in which you purchased this product. Guarantee related queries should be addressed to the store you purchased this product from. The guarantee is in addition to and does not affect your statutory rights.
Manufacturer
Kingfisher International Products Limited
1 Paddington Square
London
W2 1GG
United Kingdom
www.kingfisher.com/products
Distributor
B&Q Limited
Chandlers Ford
Hampshire
SO53 3LE
United Kingdom
www.diy.com
Brand price match
B&Q will match the price of any identical branded products. The product must be the identical product and you will need to provide us with evidence of the competitor's price. We will also match the price of our kitchen cabinets, drawers, door/drawer fronts and worktops as well as our bathroom cabinets, vanity units, shower enclosures, shower trays and screens, baths, basins and toilets.
Competitor products must be of a like for like design, colour and specification. We will price match at the point of purchase, or where you have already purchased the product from us, up to 14 days after the date of sale providing the competitor's products are available at the lower price on the day you return to store and that you return with your proof of purchase. The competitor's product must be available to the general public and in stock or available to order at the lower price on the day you return.
We do not price match against competitor promotions/discounted products, offers involving vouchers or discount codes, delivery charges, installation, key and wood cutting services. We do not price match against internet only retailers, online marketplaces or auction sites, trade retailers, wholesale or warehouse clubs requiring membership, or othe companies within the Kingfisher Group. Staff or any other discount cards cannot be used in conjunction with a price match.
The B&Q price match policy does not apply to TradePoint purchases.
Buy now, pay later terms & conditions
Buy Now Pay later – 17.9% APR
17.9% APR Representative on Buy Now Pay Later. Minimum spend £500 on all purchases in store only. If you pay your full credit balance by your agreed end date, you will pay no interest on your purchase. Credit subject to status. B&Q Limited acts as a credit broker and not as a lender. Credit is provided by Creation Consumer Finance Ltd. Both B&Q Limited and Creation Consumer.
Interest free credit terms & conditions
Interest Free Credit - 0% APR representative
No deposit required. Offer requires a B&Q FlexiPlan credit account. With your FlexiPlan account you get a credit limit that you can use for future purchases at 17.9% APR representative (variable). Spend £1,000 for 1yr, £3,000 for 2yrs, £6,000 for 3yrs, £9,000 for 4yrs, interest free credit. Credit subject to status to UK residents age 18 or over. We reserve the right to remove this offer at any time. B&Q Limited acts as a credit broker and not as a lender, authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FRN 712268), and introduces credit provided by Creation Consumer Finance Ltd. Project finance maximum £25,000.
Alternative dispute resolution scheme and online dispute resolution
Alternative dispute resolution
If we have been unable to resolve your complaint for you, you may wish to use the Alternative Dispute Resolution Service. B&Q Limited is a registered full member of The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman(“FHIO”).
The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman is approved by the government to provide alternative dispute resolution services, ensuring that you have complete peace of mind when buying products and services from us.
To find out more about The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman please visit
www.fhio.org
Online dispute resolution
In addition to the Alternative Dispute Resolution Scheme please note that for disputes that arise as a result of an online purchase only, you may submit your complaint to the EU Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) platform via their website at
https://ec.europa.eu
. You may however wish to go direct to our Alternative Dispute Resolution provider, The Furniture and Home Improvement Ombudsman, as detailed above. Before going through the Dispute Resolution process please contact our Customer Service Team at OnlineDisputeResolution@b-and-q.co.uk who will try and resolve the issue for you in the first instance.
Store photography policy
We understand that customers may wish to take pictures in our stores to support their shopping journey. It is B&Q’s policy that customers ask permission before taking photos in any store.
If permission is given by the store, members of staff and other customers' privacy should be respected by ensuring that they are neither in the photo frame nor the subject of the photograph unless consent has been gained.
Ratings and review terms and conditions
Introduction
These terms govern the process for submitting customer product reviews for publication on diy.com, diy.ie and trade-point.co.uk (the
Website
).
These terms apply to all users of the Website and supplement the B&Q Digital Services (Including B&Q Website and App) Terms and Use (
B&Q Digital Services Terms and Use
).
By submitting content for publication on the Website you accept and agree that you do so in line with these terms, the
Fake Review Prevention and Removal Policy
, and the
B&Q Digital Services Terms and Use
. If there is any conflict or inconsistency between the Ratings and Reviews Terms and Conditions and the B&Q Digital Services Terms and Use, these terms will prevail. References to we, us or our means B&Q Limited.
Product reviews
The European Union (EU) Omnibus Directive 2019/2161 requires better protection for consumers from false and misleading reviews in online commerce. We ensure verified product reviews submitted by customers are genuine, and that the customer who submits a review has purchased or used the product.
Product reviews on the Website are managed by Bazaarvoice and comply with the Bazaarvoice Authenticity Policy, details at
https://www.bazaarvoice.com/trustmark/
.  We have a verification process to collect reviews in the following ways:
We collect reviews from consumers after a purchase by sending out a review request email or push notification. Alternatively, a customer can leave a re
view on products they have purchased via the write a review link in ‘My Account’.
We collect sample reviews, where products are provided for free, in exchange for a product review. All incentivised reviews must be genuine and provided in accordance with our
Fake Review Prevention and Removal Policy
and these Terms and Conditions.
To ensure authenticity and transparency of the customer reviews, we display the following:
Bazaarvoice Authentic Reviews Trust Mark
– to show consumers our dedication to authentic consumer feedback.
Incentivized reviews
– “Received free product” with an image of a gift box indicate where Bazaarvoice's sampling community, Influenster have been used. They are incentivised to submit honest and independent product reviews in return for receiving a free product.
Syndicated reviews
– Brand logo followed by “Originally posted on” followed by the name of the Brand. Brands who collect product reviews for display on their own site can syndicate these for display on our digital channels.
Overall rating
- across the site you will see that each product has a star rating, followed by the total number of reviews in brackets. The star rating that displays is an average of all the submitted reviews and will include customer, colleague, sampling and syndicated reviews.
1. Reviews submitted for publication must:
Relate only to the performance of the product being reviewed
Be genuine and represent your honest experience of the product
Be clear, concise and constructive
2. Reviews submitted for publication must not:
Refer to customer service, delivery, returns, availability or packaging issues
Use inappropriate, offensive, libellous or unlawful language or images
Relate to product price history, promotional prices/pricing practices and/or price availability.
Refer to a competitor and/or any third party
Refer to any competitor and/or third party content or website
Include personal information about the reviewer or any third-party
Be in any language other than English
Contain any advertising or promotional material
Be submitted by persons aged 12 or under
Be repeatedly submitted and/or vexatious
Be non-original material, including second-hand information, hearsay, quotes, links or text that the reviewer has not written.
3.
Reviews that do not meet the publishing criteria as set out in clause 1 and 2 above will not be published. Our Rating & Reviews service is for feedback on the product only. The decision as to whether or not a review meets the publishing criteria will be at our sole discretion. We reserve the right at our sole discretion to withhold, refuse or re-moderate any reviews we consider do not meet the publishing criteria or breach our general B&Q Digital Services Terms and Use. Product reviews will remain published on B&Q Digital Services Terms and Use for as long as they remain relevant.
4
. In appropriate circumstances and at our sole discretion, reviewers whose product reviews are withheld under these terms may be given the opportunity to resubmit a valid product review. In such cases the reviewer will be contacted using the email address provided.
5
. Every effort will be made to publish valid product reviews within 48 hours of receipt.
6
. Customers can submit valid supplementary product reviews (for example because their experience of the product has changed) however repeat product reviews will not be published.
7
. We reserve the right to amend these terms where it becomes necessary to do so.
How we may use your product review & details
8
. Please see the "User generated content" section of the B&Q Digital Services Terms and Use to understand how we may use your product review and the circumstances in which we may disclose your personal details and comments.
Reporting a product review
9.
Reviewers can report a product review at any time by using the "report" link positioned alongside the review.
Your liability
10.
If you submit a product review in breach of the publishing criteria set out in terms 1 and 2 above and/or the applicable provisions of; our
B&Q Digital Services Terms and Use
, and/or the
Fake Review Prevention and Removal Policy
, you will be responsible for any losses, expenses or other costs incurred by us as a result of any claims brought by a third party against us arising out of or in connection with the content of your customer product review.
Ratings and reviews prize draw terms & conditions
The promoter
B&Q Limited, B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler’s Ford, Eastleigh, SO53 3LE.
Who can enter
This promotion is open to all residents of the UK aged 18 years and over, excluding employees of B&Q Limited, their families, agents or anyone else connected with the promotion.
How to enter
There will be one prize draw each month which will open on the first of each month and close at 23.59 on the last day of that month. Each month’s prize draw is a new draw and entries made in one month will not be carried over into the next month’s draw..
To enter the promotion, please leave a review on
diy.com
. The review must meet the criteria for publication detailed in the Ratings and Reviews Terms and Conditions
(these Terms and Conditions are located in the paragraph above on this page entitled "Ratings and reviews terms & conditions" )
. Reviews which are rejected for publication will not be entered into the prize draw. It may take up to 72 hours for a published review to appear on site, entry into the prize draw will be based on date of submission of a review, not publication.
Entry
Only one entry per person for each product reviewed. Third party or multiple reviews on the same product by the same person resulting in multiple entries will not be accepted and we reserve the right to disqualify any entries we reasonably suspect to have been made fraudulently including through the use of bots, computer software or by any other means. We accept no responsibility for any lost, damaged or incomplete entries or entries not received due to a technical fault or for any other reason beyond our reasonable control.
Prize details
Five winners will each receive a £100 B&Q gift card. The prize is non-transferable or exchangeable and no cash alternative is available. We reserve the right to replace the prize with a prize of equal or greater value where it becomes necessary to do so.
Winner selection and prize fulfilment
Five winners will be selected at random from all valid entries received. We will contact the winners via email within 14 days of the prize draw closing each month. If a winner fails to respond and/or claim the prize within 14 days we reserve the right to select an alternative winner from the remaining valid entries and repeat this process until the prize is claimed.
Your data
We will process information about entrants in order to administer this promotion. For more information on how we use personal information, please see our
privacy policy
. By entering this promotion, you agree and consent to the processing of your personal data by us and by any third party acting on our behalf for the purposes of the administration and operation of the promotion.
Please note that we are obliged to either publish or make available on request the surname, county and, where applicable, the winning entry/entries of major prize winners. If you object to any of this information being made available in this way, please contact
reviews@b-and-q.co.uk
. We must never the less share this information with the Advertising Standards Authority where it becomes necessary to do so.
Intellectual property
Any entries and associated materials submitted by you as part of this promotion become the property of the Promoter and will not be returned. By submitting an entry you agree to:
a) assign to the Promoter all your intellectual property rights with full title guarantee; and
b) waive all moral rights in and to your entry and otherwise arising in connection with your entry to which you may now or at any time in the future be entitled under the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 as amended from time to time and under all similar legislation from time to time in force anywhere in the world. You agree that we may make your entry available on our website and in any other media, whether now known or invented in the future, and in connection with any publicity of the competition. You agree to grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable licence, for the full period of any intellectual property rights in your entry [and any accompanying materials], to use, display, publish, transmit, copy, edit, alter, store, re-format and sub-licence the entry [and any accompanying materials] for such purposes.
Your acceptance of these terms
We reserve the right to refuse entry or refuse to award any prize to anyone in breach of these Terms and Conditions and/or hold void, cancel, suspend or amend these Terms and Conditions where it becomes necessary to do so. Our decision on all matters relating to this promotion is final and binding. No correspondence will be entered into. By entering this promotion, you are deemed to have accepted and agreed to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. Liability Insofar as is permitted by law the Promoter and its agents and distributors will not in any circumstances be responsible or liable to compensate the winners or accept any liability for any loss, damage, personal injury or death occurring as a result of taking up the prize except where it is caused by the negligence of the Promoter, its agents or distributors or that of their employees.
Governing law
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions restricts your statutory rights as a consumer. This promotion will be governed by English law and entrants submit to the jurisdiction of the English Courts.
Gift card terms & conditions (UK, Jersey & Guernsey)
United Kingdom
A Gift Card or eGift card can be used in full or part payment for; a. any products purchased from B&Q stores in the UK (excluding concessions and cafes) b. products purchased at www.diy.com excluding products ‘sold and shipped by verified sellers’ with the exception of the following type of card; any Gift Card or eGift card denominated in Euros (€) Any Decorating Card or Gift Card beginning with the following numbers 5045 0756 65** **** ***
Jersey & Guernsey
A Gift card purchased in Jersey or Guernsey can be used in full or part payment for any products purchased from B&Q stores on the relevant Island (except concessions and cafes in B&Q stores) or from www.diy.com. A Gift Card cannot be used for purchases from B&Q call centres.
The minimum value needed to activate a Gift Card is £1 and the maximum value which can be stored on a Gift Card is £1000.
The minimum value needed to activate an eGift card is £10 and the maximum value which can be stored on a eGift card is £500 (only available in £ sterling).
For fraud prevention reasons B&Q is unable to accept temporary B&Q Account Cards, Trade UK Cards or business cheques to pay for, or top up, a Gift Card.
In the event that any payment used to activate or top up a Gift Card is not authorised, or otherwise defaults, any corresponding amount added to the Gift Card will be removed.
When products are purchased using a Gift Card, no change will be given in cash but any value remaining on a Gift Card will be shown on the till receipt and can be used in full or part payment for future purchases. Where a Gift Card holder wishes to use a Gift Card to buy products with a value higher than the value on the Gift Card, he/she will be required to pay the difference in value.
The value on a Gift Card cannot be exchanged for cash or refunded. Where B&Q agrees to provide a refund for products purchased using a Gift Card, the amount of the purchase price paid using that Gift Card will be reimbursed by way of a credit note for use in B&Q stores.
A Gift Card cannot be used to buy age restricted products unless the purchaser can prove he/she is of at least the relevant age.
A Gift Card that has been purchased will expire and any remaining value will be removed if the Gift Card is not used to make a purchase, top-up or balance enquiry during any period of five consecutive years (see the reverse of card).
A Gift Card that has been given or issued as part of a promotion will have variable expiry dates, please refer to the promotional material or information that will be accompanied with the gift card or eGift card. A promotional gift card cannot be topped up. If a promotional gift card is not used within the specific time period any remaining value will be removed from the Gift Card.
A Gift Card will expire if it has a zero balance on the card for a period of one year or more.
Please keep the Gift Card safe and treat it like cash. B&Q does not collect and store personal information on the holders of Gift Cards and therefore, if a Gift Card is used without the consent of the Gift Card holder, or is lost, stolen or damaged, B&Q cannot replace or reimburse the value on the Gift Card.
B&Q may take any action it considers appropriate if it has reasonable grounds for believing you are misusing the B&Q Gift Card Scheme. This may include withholding all or part of the value credited on a Gift Card.
B&Q may vary these terms and conditions for legal, security or regulatory reasons or may suspend or discontinue the B&Q Gift Card scheme at any time. B&Q will give such notice of any variation of the terms and conditions or any suspension or discontinuance of the B&Q Gift Card scheme as is reasonably possible, whether by notices displayed in B&Q stores, on www.diy.com or otherwise. If the B&Q Gift Card Scheme is discontinued B&Q will give Gift Card holders a reasonable period to use any remaining value on the Gift Cards.
Gift cards cannot be purchased in conjunction with any other discount card, such as the staff discount card, diamond discount, trade discount.
Gift Cards (known as ‘corporate’ or ‘B2B’ gift cards) bought through for example an employee benefit or loyalty platform (not exclusive to just these two) where a discount is applied cannot be used in store or online in conjunction with a trade discount card or Diamond Card.
These terms and conditions do not affect your statutory rights.
B&Q Gift Cards are issued by and remain the property of B&Q Limited, B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, SO53 3LE. Company No. 00973387.
Gift card terms & conditions (ROI)
Republic of Ireland
A Gift Card Purchased in the Republic of Ireland can be used in full or part payment for any products purchased from B&Q stores in the Republic of Ireland (except concessions and cafes in B&Q stores). A Gift Card cannot be used for purchases from www.diy.com or B&Q call centres or in B&Q stores outside of the Republic of Ireland including B&Q stores in Jersey or Guernsey.
The minimum value needed to activate a Gift Card is €1 and the maximum value which can be stored on a Gift Card is €1000.
For fraud prevention reasons B&Q is unable to accept temporary B&Q Account Cards, Trade UK Cards or business cheques to pay for, or top up, a Gift Card.
In the event that any payment used to activate or top up a Gift Card is not authorised, or otherwise defaults, any corresponding amount added to the Gift Card will be removed.
When products are purchased using a Gift Card, no change will be given* in cash but any value remaining on a Gift Card will be shown on the till receipt and can be used in full or part payment for future purchases. Where a Gift Card holder wishes to use a Gift Card to buy products with a value higher than the value on the Gift Card, he/she will be required to pay the difference in value. *(In respect of ROI any balance over €1 will be refunded in either of cash, electronic transfer, another gift voucher).
The value on a Gift Card cannot be exchanged for cash or refunded. Where B&Q agrees to provide a refund for products purchased using a Gift Card, the amount of the purchase price paid using that Gift Card will be reimbursed by way of a credit note for use in B&Q stores.
A Gift Card cannot be used to buy age restricted products unless the purchaser can prove he/she is of at least the relevant age.
A Gift Card that has been purchased will expire and any remaining balance will be removed if the Gift Card is not used to make a purchase, top-up or balance enquiry during five consecutive years (see receipt for date of purchase).
A Gift Card that has been given or issued as part of a promotion will have variable expiry dates, please refer to the promotional material or information that will be accompanied with the gift card or eGift card. A promotional gift card cannot be topped up. If a promotional gift card is not used within the specific time period any remaining value will be removed from the Gift Card.
A Gift Card will expire if it has a zero balance on the card for a period of one year or more.
Please keep the Gift Card safe and treat it like cash. B&Q does not collect and store personal information on the holders of Gift Cards and therefore, if a Gift Card is used without the consent of the Gift Card holder, or is lost, stolen or damaged, B&Q cannot replace or reimburse the value on the Gift Card.
B&Q may take any action it considers appropriate if it has reasonable grounds for believing you are misusing the B&Q Gift Card Scheme. This may include withholding all or part of the value credited on a Gift Card.
B&Q may vary these terms and conditions for legal, security or regulatory reasons or may suspend or discontinue the B&Q Gift Card scheme at any time. B&Q will give such notice of any variation of the terms and conditions or any suspension or discontinuance of the B&Q Gift Card scheme as is reasonably possible, whether by notices displayed in B&Q stores, on www.diy.com or otherwise. If the B&Q Gift Card Scheme is discontinued B&Q will give Gift Card holders a reasonable period to use any remaining value on the Gift Cards.
Gift cards cannot be purchased in conjunction with any other discount card, such as the staff discount card, diamond discount, trade discount.
Gift Cards (known as ‘corporate’ or ‘B2B’ gift cards) bought through for example an employee benefit or loyalty platform (not exclusive to just these two) where a discount is applied cannot be used in store or online in conjunction with a trade discount card or Diamond Card.
These terms and conditions do not affect your statutory rights.
B&Q Gift Cards are issued by and remain the property of B&Q Ireland Limited, 6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Republic of Ireland. Company No. 0156844.
Guarantee terms & conditions - Magnusson
At Magnusson we take special care to select high quality materials and use manufacturing techniques that allow us to create ranges of products incorporating design and durability. The “LIFETIME” and “5 YEAR” guarantees (each a Guarantee) start from the date of purchase, whether bought in store, delivered or bought online. The 5 year guarantee period applies from the first date of purchase of the original product. Any replacement product issued under this guarantee will therefore only be guaranteed until expiry of the original period (and not 5 years from the date any replacement product may have been provided to you).
You may only make a claim under a Guarantee upon presentation of your sales receipt or purchase invoice. Please keep your proof of purchase in a safe place.
Each Guarantee covers product failures and malfunctions provided that the Magnusson product was used for the purpose for which it is intended, and subject to installation, cleaning, care and maintenance in accordance with standard practice and with the information contained above and in the user manual (if a user manual is provided with the product). Neither Guarantee covers defects and damage caused by normal wear and tear of the product or damage that could be the result of improper use, faulty installation or assembly, neglect, accident or modification of the product. Each Guarantee is limited to parts recognised as defective. It does not, in any case, cover ancillary costs (movement, labour) and direct and indirect damage. Please refer to the relevant product sections below for guarantee duration and further exclusions:
Lifetime guarantee
The following Magnusson products have a lifetime guarantee period
Bolsters and chisels
Clamps
Club hammers
File Sets
1
Files and rasps
1
Hack saws
2
Hammers
Key Polygonal (Hex Key/Torx Keys)
Key Sets
Knives
1/2
Line and point marking
Mallets
Mitre boxes
1
Multi set screwdrivers
2/3
Planes
2
Pliers
1
Precision screwdriver set
Rules and squares
Saws
1
Screwdrivers
Sledge hammers
Socket sets and socket tools
2/3
Socket spanners
Spanners
Specialist clamps
Specialist screwdrivers
Speciality saws
1/2
Spirit levels
Tool sets/kits
2/3
Vices
Wood chisels
1
Wrecking and crowbars
5 year guarantee
The following Magnusson products have a 5 year guarantee period
Crimping tool
Intelligent measuring
Jointing crimper
Lasers and levelling
Metal nibbler
1
Rachet handles
Ratcheting screwdriver sets
2
Racheting wire stripper
1
Tape measures
Torque wrenches
4
Tripod
1
Sharpness of teeth, blades & cutting edges is excluded from the Guarantee
2
Consumables parts which are reasonably expected to be used up or damaged during use (i.e. screwdriver bits, hacksaw blades, knife blades, etc.) are excluded from the Guarantee
3
Excluding any part which is covered by the 5 YEAR guarantee.
4
Accuracy/calibration is guaranteed for 1 year from date of purchase
If the Magnusson product is defective during the guarantee period, we reserve the right, at our discretion, to replace the Magnusson product with a product of equivalent quality and functionality or to provide a refund. This guarantee only applies to the country of purchase or delivery and is not transferrable to any other countries. This guarantee is non-transferrable to any other person or product. Relevant local law will apply to this guarantee. This guarantee is in addition to and does not affect your statutory rights relating to faulty goods as a consumer. Guarantee related queries should be addressed to a store affiliated with the distributor from which you purchased the Magnusson product.
Manufacturer
Kingfisher International Products Limited
1 Paddington Square
London
W2 1GG
United Kingdom
www.kingfisher.com/products
Distributor
B&Q Limited
Chandlers Ford
Hampshire
SO53 3LE
United Kingdom
www.diy.com
Returns policy
We want you to be delighted with the products you buy from B&Q but, if you do change your mind, you can return your purchase in its original condition within 90 days. You’ll just need the receipt, order confirmation, or sales invoice and we will exchange the product or issue a refund. Products can be returned to any B&Q, whether bought in-store or online.
Please note that we are unable to offer refunds or to exchange products that have been cut to size, made to measure or mixed to your individual requirements, or are not suitable to return due to health or hygiene reasons, if the product packaging has been opened after delivery or collection. Products which are liable to deteriorate or expire rapidly, including perishable products such as plants or turf, will not be exchanged or refunded unless they are faulty or incorrectly delivered. Your consumer rights are not affected.
If the product you purchase is faulty, or not as described, we may offer an exchange, refund or repair as appropriate.
YOUR CONSUMER RIGHTS ARE NOT AFFECTED.
Returns and refunds
Products purchased in store
You can return an item within 90 days of purchase from store, to any B&Q store.
Please bring your receipt or sales invoice with you as proof of purchase.
Please note that we are unable to offer refunds or to exchange products that have been cut to size, made to measure or mixed to your individual requirements. Products which are liable to deteriorate or expire rapidly, including perishable products such as plants or turf, will not be exchanged or refunded unless they are faulty or incorrectly delivered.
Products purchased for home delivery
You can return an item within 90 days of delivery to your home. More details can be found on our
Terms & Conditions page
.
Call us on
0333 014 3357
or email us at
home.delivery@b-and-q.co.uk
to arrange for your item(s) to be collected. Alternatively, you can return item(s) to your local B&Q store, but you must bring your order confirmation email or sales invoice and the credit or debit card used for payment or you may be declined a refund.
There is no charge for returning products to your local B&Q store. For certain products we offer a collection service. Please contact us for further details. We may charge a fee for this service (the fee will depend on the products returned, but will not exceed £50).
Products purchased using Click + Collect
You can return an item within 90 days of collection, to any B&Q store.
Please bring your Click + Collect order confirmation with you as proof of purchase.
Products purchased on diy.com from B&Q verified sellers:
Products bought from B&Q verified sellers are labelled “sold and shipped by B&Q verified sellers” on diy.com and on your order confirmation email. To arrange a convenient return of a product that is sold by a B&Q verified seller, Customers should arrange this directly with the Verified Seller. To do this, use the 'Contact Seller' link in the email relating to your order or your diy.com account. Some items bought from a B&Q verified seller are difficult to return at a B&Q store and should be sent directly to the Seller, these include:
Products (including packaging) that are larger than 100 x 70 x 60cm
Products weighing more than 30kg
Products containing lithium, glass, or ceramics
Products containing liquid or chemicals
When returning to a B&Q store, it is important to bring your product packaged ready for shipping. The store colleague will label your package and arrange the return of the product to the B&Q verified seller. You’ll need your order confirmation or sales advice and your original payment method. A refund will be issued once your return has been validated. Please note that products bought from B&Q verified sellers cannot be exchanged in B&Q stores.
Exchanges
If you prefer, you can exchange a product brought in-store, for home delivery or using Click & Collect in any B&Q store.
Please bring your receipt, order confirmation email or sales invoice with you a proof of purchase.
Products can be exchanged within 90 days of purchase from store, delivery to home or collection from one of Click & Collect desks.
Faulty products
If the product you purchase is faulty, we may offer a repair, exchange or refund as appropriate in accordance with your consumer rights.
Call
0333 014 3357
to arrange a collection, or return the item(s) to your local store with proof of purchase and the credit or debit card used for payment or you may be declined a refund or exchange. More details can be found on our
Terms & Conditions page
.
B&Q Club 10% diamond discount terms & conditions
From 3rd September 2018, B&Q Club members registered to receive the B&Q Club Diamond discount are entitled to a 10% discount (the Discount) every Wednesday in B&Q stores on qualifying gardening and Christmas products purchased and taken away on the day.
To receive the Discount you must present your membership card, key fob or digital membership card at the time of purchase.
The Discount is only available in store on Wednesdays on qualifying gardening and Christmas products purchased and taken away on the day.
The following products do not qualify for the Discount:
Exterior woodcare
Garden furniture paint
Fence paint
Gate furniture
Weatherproof sockets
Outdoor lights
Garage storage
Cabins
Summerhouses
Playhouses
The Discount cannot be used
On purchases made online at diy.com
On Click and Collect orders
On orders placed in store for home delivery
Only one Discount can be used per transaction.
The Discount is not transferable, cannot be applied retrospectively and cannot be used in conjunction with any other discounts, promotions, TradePoint cards, any other non-B&Q Club discount cards, vouchers or for the purchase of B&Q gift cards.
The Promoter reserves the right to refuse and or reject any Discount which it deems in its sole discretion to be fraudulent.
Voice of the customer feedback survey prize draw terms & conditions
The Voice of the Customer Monthly Survey £250 / €250 B&Q Voucher Prize Draw Terms & Conditions. The Promoter: B&Q Limited, B&Q House, Chestnut Avenue, Chandler’s Ford, Eastleigh, SO53 3LE
Who can enter
This promotion is open to all residents of the UK and the Republic of Ireland aged 18 years and over, excluding employees of B&Q Limited, their families, agents or anyone else connected with the promotion.
How to enter
To enter the promotion, please complete the customer survey in full, agree to Prize Draw entry, these Terms & Conditions and provide your email address. Entries must be received by the final date of the given month. Any entries received after this date will be entered into the subsequent monthly Prize Draw.
Entry
Only one entry per person. Third party or multiple entries by the same person will not be accepted and we reserve the right to disqualify any entries we reasonably suspect to have been made fraudulently including through the use of bots, computer software or by any other means. We accept no responsibility for any lost, damaged, or incomplete entries or entries not received due to a technical fault or for any other reason beyond our reasonable control. By entering you agree to your first name and county being used for marketing purposes.
Prize details
The prize is a £250/€250 B&Q Physical Gift Card which will be delivered by recorded delivery Royal Mail post to the Winner. The Winner must provide B&Q Limited with their postal address to receive the prize upon notice that they have won. The prize is non-transferable or exchangeable and no cash alternative is available. We reserve the right to replace the prize with a prize of equal or greater value where it becomes necessary to do so.
Winner selection and prize fulfilment
One winner will be selected at random from all valid entries received across the multiple customer surveys administered by B&Q. We will contact the Winner via Email between 2nd and 9th day of the subsequent month. A second email will be sent one week later should no response be received. If the Winner fails to respond and/or claim the prize by the 21st day of the subsequent month we reserve the right to select an alternative Winner from the remaining valid entries and repeat this process until the Prize is claimed. The name and County of the winner will be made available on the 21st day of the subsequent month by emailing thevoiceofthecustomer@b-and-q.co.uk
Your data
We will process information about entrants in order to administer this promotion. For more information on how we use personal information, please see diy.com/customer-support/privacy. By entering this promotion, you agree and consent to the processing of your personal data by us and by any third party acting on our behalf for the purposes of the administration and operation of the promotion. Please note that we are obliged to either publish or make available on request the surname, county and, where applicable, the winning entry/entries of major prize winners. If you object to any of this information being made available in this way, please contact thevoiceofthecustomer@b-and-q.co.uk. We must nevertheless share this information with the Advertising Standards Authority where it becomes necessary to do so.
Your acceptance of these terms
We reserve the right to refuse entry or refuse to award any prize to anyone in breach of these Terms and Conditions and/or hold void, cancel, suspend or amend these Terms and Conditions where it becomes necessary to do so. Our decision on all matters relating to this promotion is final and binding. No correspondence will be entered into. By entering this promotion, you are deemed to have accepted and agreed to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.
Liability
Insofar as is permitted by law the Promoter and its agents and distributors will not in any circumstances be responsible or liable to compensate the Winner or accept any liability for any loss, damage, personal injury or death occurring as a result of taking up the prize except where it is caused by the negligence of the Promoter, its agents or distributors or that of their employees.
Governing law
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions restricts your statutory rights as a consumer. This promotion will be governed by English law and entrants submit to the jurisdiction of the English Courts.
WEEE terms & conditions clause
The UK’s Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) regulation aims to make sure the waste of electrical and electronic equipment is reduced, separated from household waste and disposed of in an environmentally friendly way. All new electrical and electronic products are marked with a crossed-out wheelie bin symbol, which means they should not be disposed of with your household waste.
For household electrical waste you can take back any unwanted small electrical products, or in the case of larger products where you have purchased the product from us and it is a like-for-like product, to a B&Q store free of charge.
Where you have purchased a large like-for-like electrical product from us within 28 days, we can collect it for a fee per item. Collection can be arranged through our Contact Management Centre on 0333 014 3529 and payment will be taken at time of booking. Visit
www.diy.com/services/weee
for more details.
(Please note, home collection is not applicable to the Channel Islands or Isle of Man. However, you can take items back to store).
The above applies to domestic electrical waste from private households only, if you’re a business customer, you agree that you are responsible for the collection, recovery and disposal of non-household electrical or electronic equipment.
Terms and conditions - Deliveroo local delivery
Delivery via Deliveroo available on selected products from selected stores only, delivery within 7km of applicable stores, restrictions apply. Subject to availability. Opening hours, delivery and service fees apply.
Paint takeback Terms & Conditions
All customers
1. This is a trial operating in our Coventry, Coventry Brandon Road, Halesowen, Kidderminster, Solihull,
Wolverhampton and Wednesbury stores for an initial period of four months from 1 February 2026 and
may be withdrawn by B&Q at any time.
2. Acceptance of paint for the B&Q paint takeback trial is subject to capacity.
3. B&Q reserves the right to reject paint for any reason.
4. Paint will only be accepted at the designated take back collection point in participating stores.
5. B&Q are currently only able to accept water-based non-hazardous paint.
6. The paint may not have any of the following symbols on the label on the container:
7. A maximum of 50 litres of paint will be accepted by B&Q per customer, per visit.
8. The waste paint must come from your home or have been produced by you at your place of work or
from your own business activities.
9. Customers must not bring paint from any other place or activity.
10. Paint may be dried or liquid.
11. The paint must be in its original container.
12. The paint container must be intact and safe and not leaking nor may it have any rust on the tin.
13. It must be possible to read the instructions on the label on the tin especially the health and safety text
and chemical ingredients.
Trade customers
14. You may only deposit paint with the following waste classification: non-hazardous paint: 20.01.28 (paint, inks, adhesives and resins other than those
mentioned in 20 01 27).
15. B&Q are providing this scheme in line with the Environment Agency’s Regulatory
Position [Statement 283, Guidance Documentation for business waste at take
back points: RPS 283.] Details of this are available by scanning the QR code:
16. You are responsible for complying with the conditions which apply to businesses
that deliver waste to the wholesaler or retailer under Regulatory Position
Statement 283
which are available at the link provided at the above QR code (including record
keeping requirements).
17. You are responsible for complying with your waste duty of care requirements.
The Waste duty of care: code of practice is available by scanning the QR code:
18. B&Q accepts no liability in respect of your compliance with your legal obligations.
19. B&Q is not providing advice on your legal obligations and the links above are
provided for information only
Terms and conditions of sale - Verified seller products
These terms set out the basis on which a verified seller may sell products to you. Please read these terms carefully.
1. Interpretation
1.1 These terms are entered into for the purchase of a product (the “Product”) on the online marketplace operated by B&Q Limited (the “Company”) known as “DIY.com” (the “Online Marketplace”) between the buyer (the “Buyer”) and the verified seller (the “Seller”) for delivery to and/or within the UK. Unless otherwise agreed, the Buyer and the Seller enters into this contract (this “Third Party Sales Contract”) on the following terms.
1.2 Except where information to the contrary is provided and verified, you are and shall be treated as acting as a “Consumer” for the purposes of interpreting this Third Party Sales Contract on the basis that in respect of a Product you are purchasing, you are acting for purposes that are wholly or mainly outside your trade, business, craft or profession.
1.3 This Third Party Sales Contract is only available in the English language and the Buyer will not file the contract that forms between the Buyer and the Seller. References to Seller in this Third Party Sales Contract is to a Seller which is a business corporation: (i) which may have its main business establishment for VAT purposes and its Products located inside or outside the United Kingdom; and (ii) is validly UK VAT registered. Reference to the Online Marketplace shall include the Company as operator of the Online Marketplace.
2. Commencement date and term
2.1 The Buyer’s order is an offer to enter into a contract with the Seller.
2.2 The Third Party Sales Contract is created when the Company (acting on behalf of the Seller) receives an order from a Customer through the Marketplace and the Company sends (acting on behalf of the Seller) an order confirmation to the Customer.. If after the confirmation email has been sent the Seller does not have the Product in stock, the Company (on behalf of the Seller) will notify the Buyer and provide a full refund to the Buyer for the Product that cannot be delivered.
2.3 The Third Party Sales Contract will continue until terminated in accordance with the terms of this Third Party Sales Contract.
3. Product
3.1 The Seller agrees to sell the Buyer the Product set out in the listing page for the Product on the Online Marketplace (the “Listing”).
4. Delivery
4.1 The Product shall be delivered to: (i) the Buyer’s address which must be situated in the United Kingdom; or (ii) where a click and collect option is selected, a Company store.
4.2 A Product will be the Buyer’s responsibility from the time the Product is delivered to the Buyer’s address or (where applicable) the Product is collected by the Buyer at a Company store. A Buyer will own a Product once it has been delivered to the Buyer or (where applicable) the Product is collected by the Buyer at a Company store.
5. Payment
5.1 The Buyer must pay the price for the Product as set out in the Listing, which price shall be inclusive of all applicable taxes, duties and additional charges relating to the Product (including any delivery charges unless separately stated for payment by the Buyer). The Seller may not require a Buyer to pay any amount other than the Price for the Product as set out in the Listing and any separately stated delivery charges.
5.2 If the Products have been delivered in accordance with clause 5.1, the amount due to the Seller (which is the Price minus all amounts paid and payable to the Company or which amounts the Company shall be entitled to retain or deduct in accordance with the terms agreed between the Company and the Seller) will be released to the Seller (subject to the terms agreed between the Company and Seller).
5.3 The Seller (and not the Buyer) has appointed the Company as its agent with the authority to promote the commercialisation of products and conclude this Third Party Sales Contract. Accordingly, the Online Marketplace collects payment for the Products as agent in the name of and behalf of the Seller and the Buyer’s obligation to pay amounts due under this Third Party Sales Contract shall be satisfied when the Online Marketplace collects such payment from the Buyer on the Seller’s behalf in respect of the relevant Products.
5.4 If the Buyer requests a VAT invoice in respect of any VAT charged by a Seller, then the Company may coordinate for the Seller (or each Seller in the case of multiple purchases) to issue a VAT invoice to the Buyer. The Seller shall issue a VAT invoice to the Buyer as required in accordance with Applicable Law relating to VAT. The Buyer consents to receive VAT invoices electronically in digital form.
6. Cancellation and returns
6.1 The refunds policy for the Product is set out here.
Right to cancel – Consumer Buyer
6.1 Clauses 6.2 to 6.15 only apply in cases where a Third Party Sales Contract has been concluded between a Seller and a Buyer who is a Consumer. They relate to a Consumer’s rights to cancel a Third Party Sales Contract and obtain a refund. Consumers can obtain advice about their right to cancel a Third Party Sales Contract from their local Citizens’ Advice Bureau or Trading Standards Office.
6.2 The Buyer has a legal right to change their mind and cancel the Third Party Sales Contract between them and a Seller within fourteen (14) days of delivery of the Products (“Cooling-off Period”) without giving a reason. This right, under the Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Charges) Regulations 2013, is explained in more detail below. Please note that the Buyer’s right to change their mind does not apply to any bespoke Products the Buyer purchases from the Seller (i.e. Products that the Seller creates to the Buyer’s specification or are clearly personalised). The Cooling-off Period will expire fourteen (14) days from the day on which the Buyer acquires, or a third party indicated by the Buyer (other than the carrier) acquires, physical possession of the Products. The Buyer may cancel the Contract in respect of all Products delivered or in respect of certain of the Products only. Where the Buyer buys multiple Products under a Third Party Sales Contract or a Product is delivered in separate parts, lots or pieces, the cancellation period will expire fourteen (14) days from the day on which the Buyer acquires, or a third party indicated by the Buyer (other than the carrier) acquires, physical possession of the last Product, part, lot or piece being sold under the Third Party Sales Contract.
6.3 To exercise the right to cancel, the Buyer must inform the Seller via the Online Marketplace of their decision to cancel the Third Party Sales Contract by making a clear statement (e.g. a letter sent by email). The Buyer may use the following model cancellation form to do this but they are not required to do so:
Model Cancellation Form
To: [name], [address]
E-mail address: [address]
I/We(*) hereby give notice that I/We(*) cancel from my/our (*) contract of sale of the following goods(*)/for the provision of the following service*,
Ordered on(*) / received on(*)
Name of consumer(s)
Address of consumer(s)
Signature of consumer (only if this form is notified on paper)
Date
(*) Please delete if not applicable
6.4 To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for the Buyer to send their communication concerning the exercise of their right to cancel before the Cooling-off Period has expired.
6.5 The Company will, on behalf of the Seller, send the Buyer an acknowledgement of receipt of the Buyer’s notice to cancel by email.
6.6 If the Buyer cancels the Third Party Sales Contract before the Products have been shipped by the Seller, the Seller must immediately inform the Company of the Buyer’s intention to cancel.
6.7 If the Buyer cancels a Third Party Sales Contract pursuant to clause 6.2, the Buyer will receive a refund of all payments made by them via the Online Marketplace acting in the name of and on behalf the Seller.
6.8 The Seller will reimburse the Buyer without undue delay, and not later than:
6.8.1 fourteen (14) days after the day the Seller (or, where applicable, the Company on the Seller’s behalf) receives back from the Buyer any Products supplied; or
6.8.2 (if earlier) fourteen (14) days after the day the Buyer provides evidence that they have returned the Products to the Seller (or, where applicable, the Company on the Seller’s behalf).
6.9 If there were no Products delivered, the Seller will procure that the Company reimburses the Buyer not later than fourteen (14) days after the day on which the Seller is informed about the Buyer’s decision to cancel this Third Party Sales Contract.
6.10 If the Products have been delivered to the Buyer, the Seller may withhold reimbursement until it has received the Products back or the Buyer has supplied evidence of having sent back the Products to the Seller (or, where applicable, the Company on the Seller’s behalf) whichever is the earliest.
6.11 The Seller may make a deduction from the reimbursement for loss in value of any Products supplied, if the loss is the result of unnecessary handling by the Buyer. The Buyer is only liable for any diminished value of the Products resulting from the unfair and/or unreasonable wear and tear of the Products other than what is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the Products. The Seller may make a deduction from any reimbursement (the Buyer is entitled to from the Seller) for such loss in value of any Products the Seller supplies.
How to return Products
6.12 If the Buyer wishes to exercise their rights to a refund under this clause 6, the Buyer must return the Products to the address(es) made available (which may include a B&Q store) through the ‘Contact seller’ or ‘Request a Return’ functionality on the Online Marketplace. The Seller will pay the costs of return, unless the Product weighs above 30kg, in which case the Seller has the right to charge the Buyer up to £50 for collecting the Product which is being returned.
6.13 The Buyer is responsible for taking reasonable care of the Products until they are returned to the Seller (or, where applicable, the Company on the Seller’s behalf). The Seller recommends that the Products are returned to the Seller (or, where applicable, the Company on the Seller’s behalf) using a service that offers a tracking method and that the Buyer keeps proof of postage. The Seller will be unable to provide the Buyer with a full refund if the Products are not returned to the Seller (or, where applicable, the Company on the Seller’s behalf) or if they are damaged when they arrive.
Refund payments
6.14 The Seller will make the reimbursement using the same means of payment as the Buyer used for the initial transaction; the Buyer will not incur any fees as a result of the reimbursement (unless the Seller is collecting a Product which weighs above 30kg, in which case the cost of the return will be deducted from the reimbursement amount (up to a maximum of £50)).
Other refunds
6.15 The Buyer has legal rights in relation to Products that are not as described, faulty or otherwise not fit for purpose. If the Buyer believes that any Products that they have ordered do not conform with the Third Party Sales Contract, they should contact the Seller via the Online Marketplace to attempt to resolve the dispute in the first instance. If the Buyer and the Seller are unable to resolve the dispute, either party may refer the dispute to the Company in accordance with clause 8.
7. Limitation of liability
7.1 Nothing in this Sales Contract excludes or limits either party’s liability for:
7.1.1 death or personal injury caused by that party’s negligence;
7.1.2 fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; and
7.1.3 any matter in respect of which it would be unlawful for that party to exclude or restrict its liability.
7.2 The Seller has a legal duty to supply Products that are in conformance with this Third Party Sales Contract.
8. Disputes
8.1 The Company is not a party to any Third Party Sales Contract and acts as agent in the name of and on behalf of the Seller in promoting the commercialisation of products and concluding Third Party Seller Contracts as between the Seller and the Buyer, and in handling certain related ancillary obligations on the Seller’s behalf. The Seller is responsible for responding to, and using best endeavours to resolve, issues that arise in relation to a Buyer which pertain to a Product or Listing of the Seller (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be irrespective of any obligation imposed under or by virtue of all Applicable Law for VAT purposes on the Company as a deemed supplier or otherwise in connection therewith). The Buyer acknowledges that any VAT obligation on the Company in its capacity as a deemed supplier by virtue of Applicable Law (including any VAT invoice required to be issued by the Company in such capacity to the Buyer) shall have no effect on the Seller’s obligations to the Buyer under this Third Party Sales Contract.
8.2 If the dispute between a Buyer and Seller cannot be resolved:
8.2.1 the Company will read through the full communication between the Seller and the Buyer via the Online Marketplace to assess the situation;
8.2.2 for Products from a particular Seller in an order which, when considered together, are priced up to and including £50.00 (excluding any applicable VAT), the Company may make an automatic decision to resolve the situation and, if so, the Company will inform the Seller and the Buyer of such resolution. The resolution can include paying the Buyer a full refund. The Seller and the Buyer agree to abide, and comply with, such resolution; and
8.2.3 for Products from a particular Seller in an order which, when considered together, are priced above £50.00 (excluding any applicable VAT), the issue will be escalated to the Company’s account manager who will assess the issue, contact the Seller and discuss and propose a solution. If the Company fails to get a response by the Seller within twenty-four (24) hours of such contact, the Company reserves the right to resolve the dispute regardless of the Price of the item. The Seller and the Buyer agree to abide, and comply with, such resolution. The Company’s account manager might request the Seller to provide evidence of (by way of example only) delivery of the relevant Product (e.g. carrier confirmation of delivery) and/or return pick up of the item. The Seller is responsible for providing evidence and acknowledges that if the Seller fails to do so, the Company’s account manager is likely to decide to resolve the issue in favour of the Buyer. The Company will use reasonable endeavours to resolve any dispute within seventy-two (72) hours of the Seller or the Buyer providing the required evidence (as required by the Company).
8.3 The Company will not be acting as an arbitrator in relation to any dispute and either party to a dispute will be entitled to pursue legal action at any time.
9. Termination of sales contract
9.1 This Sales Contract will terminate:
9.1.1 if the Buyer exercises a right to cancel in accordance with clause 6;
9.1.2 when the Products are delivered to the Buyer’s address; or 9.1.3 when a party’s Account is terminated by the Company.
10. Online dispute resolution
Please note that for disputes that arise as a result of an online purchase only, if the Buyer is resident in a European Union member state, the Buyer may submit the Buyer’s complaint to the EU Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) platform via their website at http://ec.europa.eu/odr. Before going through this dispute resolution process please contact the Company’s Customer Service Team at OnlineDisputeResolution@b-and-q.co.uk who will try and resolve the issue for the Buyer in the first instance.
11. Governing law
11.1 This Third Party Sales Contract is governed by English law. This means that any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with this Third Party Sales Contract (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be governed by English law.
11.2 Unless the Buyer is a Consumer, the Buyer and the Seller irrevocably agree that the courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim (including non-contractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with this Third Party Sales Contract or its subject matter or formation.
11.3 If the Buyer is a Consumer, the Buyer may bring any dispute which may arise under this Third Party Sales Contract to, at the Buyer’s discretion, either the competent court of England, or to the competent court of the Buyer’s country of habitual residence if this country of habitual residence is an EU Member State, which courts are (with the exclusion of any other court) competent to settle any of such a dispute. The Seller shall bring any dispute which may arise under this Sales Contract to the competent court of the Buyer’s country of habitual residence if this is in an EU Member State or otherwise the competent court of England.
11.4 If the Buyer is a Consumer, the Buyer will benefit from any mandatory provisions of the law of the country in which they are resident. Nothing in this Third Party Sales Contract, including clause 11.1, affects the Buyer’s rights as a Consumer to rely on such mandatory provisions of local law.
These terms and conditions were updated July 2025
.
Terms and conditions of sale - Verified seller products
These terms set out the basis on which a verified seller may sell products to you. Please read these terms carefully.
1. Interpretation
1.1 These terms are entered into for the purchase of a product (the “Product”) on the online marketplace operated by B&Q Limited (the “Company”) known as “DIY.com” (the “Online Marketplace”) between the buyer (the “Buyer”) and the verified seller (the “Seller”) for delivery to and/or within the UK. Unless otherwise agreed, the Buyer and the Seller enters into this contract (this “Third Party Sales Contract”) on the following terms.
1.2 Except where information to the contrary is provided and verified, you are and shall be treated as acting as a “Consumer” for the purposes of interpreting this Third Party Sales Contract on the basis that in respect of a Product you are purchasing, you are acting for purposes that are wholly or mainly outside your trade, business, craft or profession.
1.3 This Third Party Sales Contract is only available in the English language and the Buyer will not file the contract that forms between the Buyer and the Seller. References to Seller in this Third Party Sales Contract is to a Seller which is a business corporation: (i) which may have its main business establishment for VAT purposes and its Products located inside or outside the United Kingdom; and (ii) is validly UK VAT registered. Reference to the Online Marketplace shall include the Company as operator of the Online Marketplace.
2. Commencement date and term
2.1 The Buyer’s order is an offer to enter into a contract with the Seller.
2.2 The Third Party Sales Contract is created when the Company (acting on behalf of the Seller) receives an order from a Customer through the Marketplace and the Company sends (acting on behalf of the Seller) an order confirmation to the Customer.. If after the confirmation email has been sent the Seller does not have the Product in stock, the Company (on behalf of the Seller) will notify the Buyer and provide a full refund to the Buyer for the Product that cannot be delivered.
2.3 The Third Party Sales Contract will continue until terminated in accordance with the terms of this Third Party Sales Contract.
3. Product
3.1 The Seller agrees to sell the Buyer the Product set out in the listing page for the Product on the Online Marketplace (the “Listing”).
4. Delivery
4.1 The Product shall be delivered to: (i) the Buyer’s address which must be situated in the United Kingdom; or (ii) where a click and collect option is selected, a Company store.
4.2 A Product will be the Buyer’s responsibility from the time the Product is delivered to the Buyer’s address or (where applicable) the Product is collected by the Buyer at a Company store. A Buyer will own a Product once it has been delivered to the Buyer or (where applicable) the Product is collected by the Buyer at a Company store.
5. Payment
5.1 The Buyer must pay the price for the Product as set out in the Listing, which price shall be inclusive of all applicable taxes, duties and additional charges relating to the Product (including any delivery charges unless separately stated for payment by the Buyer). The Seller may not require a Buyer to pay any amount other than the Price for the Product as set out in the Listing and any separately stated delivery charges.
5.2 If the Products have been delivered in accordance with clause 5.1, the amount due to the Seller (which is the Price minus all amounts paid and payable to the Company or which amounts the Company shall be entitled to retain or deduct in accordance with the terms agreed between the Company and the Seller) will be released to the Seller (subject to the terms agreed between the Company and Seller).
5.3 The Seller (and not the Buyer) has appointed the Company as its agent with the authority to promote the commercialisation of products and conclude this Third Party Sales Contract. Accordingly, the Online Marketplace collects payment for the Products as agent in the name of and behalf of the Seller and the Buyer’s obligation to pay amounts due under this Third Party Sales Contract shall be satisfied when the Online Marketplace collects such payment from the Buyer on the Seller’s behalf in respect of the relevant Products.
5.4 If the Buyer requests a VAT invoice in respect of any VAT charged by a Seller, then the Company may coordinate for the Seller (or each Seller in the case of multiple purchases) to issue a VAT invoice to the Buyer. The Seller shall issue a VAT invoice to the Buyer as required in accordance with Applicable Law relating to VAT. The Buyer consents to receive VAT invoices electronically in digital form.
6. Cancellation and returns
6.1 The refunds policy for the Product is set out here.
Right to cancel – Consumer Buyer
6.1 Clauses 6.2 to 6.15 only apply in cases where a Third Party Sales Contract has been concluded between a Seller and a Buyer who is a Consumer. They relate to a Consumer’s rights to cancel a Third Party Sales Contract and obtain a refund. Consumers can obtain advice about their right to cancel a Third Party Sales Contract from their local Citizens’ Advice Bureau or Trading Standards Office.
6.2 The Buyer has a legal right to change their mind and cancel the Third Party Sales Contract between them and a Seller within fourteen (14) days of delivery of the Products (“Cooling-off Period”) without giving a reason. This right, under the Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Charges) Regulations 2013, is explained in more detail below. Please note that the Buyer’s right to change their mind does not apply to any bespoke Products the Buyer purchases from the Seller (i.e. Products that the Seller creates to the Buyer’s specification or are clearly personalised). The Cooling-off Period will expire fourteen (14) days from the day on which the Buyer acquires, or a third party indicated by the Buyer (other than the carrier) acquires, physical possession of the Products. The Buyer may cancel the Contract in respect of all Products delivered or in respect of certain of the Products only. Where the Buyer buys multiple Products under a Third Party Sales Contract or a Product is delivered in separate parts, lots or pieces, the cancellation period will expire fourteen (14) days from the day on which the Buyer acquires, or a third party indicated by the Buyer (other than the carrier) acquires, physical possession of the last Product, part, lot or piece being sold under the Third Party Sales Contract.
6.3 To exercise the right to cancel, the Buyer must inform the Seller via the Online Marketplace of their decision to cancel the Third Party Sales Contract by making a clear statement (e.g. a letter sent by email). The Buyer may use the following model cancellation form to do this but they are not required to do so:
Model Cancellation Form
To: [name], [address]
E-mail address: [address]
I/We(*) hereby give notice that I/We(*) cancel from my/our (*) contract of sale of the following goods(*)/for the provision of the following service*,
Ordered on(*) / received on(*)
Name of consumer(s)
Address of consumer(s)
Signature of consumer (only if this form is notified on paper)
Date
(*) Please delete if not applicable
6.4 To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for the Buyer to send their communication concerning the exercise of their right to cancel before the Cooling-off Period has expired.
6.5 The Company will, on behalf of the Seller, send the Buyer an acknowledgement of receipt of the Buyer’s notice to cancel by email.
6.6 If the Buyer cancels the Third Party Sales Contract before the Products have been shipped by the Seller, the Seller must immediately inform the Company of the Buyer’s intention to cancel.
6.7 If the Buyer cancels a Third Party Sales Contract pursuant to clause 6.2, the Buyer will receive a refund of all payments made by them via the Online Marketplace acting in the name of and on behalf the Seller.
6.8 The Seller will reimburse the Buyer without undue delay, and not later than:
6.8.1 fourteen (14) days after the day the Seller (or, where applicable, the Company on the Seller’s behalf) receives back from the Buyer any Products supplied; or
6.8.2 (if earlier) fourteen (14) days after the day the Buyer provides evidence that they have returned the Products to the Seller (or, where applicable, the Company on the Seller’s behalf).
6.9 If there were no Products delivered, the Seller will procure that the Company reimburses the Buyer not later than fourteen (14) days after the day on which the Seller is informed about the Buyer’s decision to cancel this Third Party Sales Contract.
6.10 If the Products have been delivered to the Buyer, the Seller may withhold reimbursement until it has received the Products back or the Buyer has supplied evidence of having sent back the Products to the Seller (or, where applicable, the Company on the Seller’s behalf) whichever is the earliest.
6.11 The Seller may make a deduction from the reimbursement for loss in value of any Products supplied, if the loss is the result of unnecessary handling by the Buyer. The Buyer is only liable for any diminished value of the Products resulting from the unfair and/or unreasonable wear and tear of the Products other than what is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the Products. The Seller may make a deduction from any reimbursement (the Buyer is entitled to from the Seller) for such loss in value of any Products the Seller supplies.
How to return Products
6.12 If the Buyer wishes to exercise their rights to a refund under this clause 6, the Buyer must return the Products to the address(es) made available (which may include a B&Q store) through the ‘Contact seller’ or ‘Request a Return’ functionality on the Online Marketplace. The Seller will pay the costs of return, unless the Product weighs above 30kg, in which case the Seller has the right to charge the Buyer up to £50 for collecting the Product which is being returned.
6.13 The Buyer is responsible for taking reasonable care of the Products until they are returned to the Seller (or, where applicable, the Company on the Seller’s behalf). The Seller recommends that the Products are returned to the Seller (or, where applicable, the Company on the Seller’s behalf) using a service that offers a tracking method and that the Buyer keeps proof of postage. The Seller will be unable to provide the Buyer with a full refund if the Products are not returned to the Seller (or, where applicable, the Company on the Seller’s behalf) or if they are damaged when they arrive.
Refund payments
6.14 The Seller will make the reimbursement using the same means of payment as the Buyer used for the initial transaction; the Buyer will not incur any fees as a result of the reimbursement (unless the Seller is collecting a Product which weighs above 30kg, in which case the cost of the return will be deducted from the reimbursement amount (up to a maximum of £50)).
Other refunds
6.15 The Buyer has legal rights in relation to Products that are not as described, faulty or otherwise not fit for purpose. If the Buyer believes that any Products that they have ordered do not conform with the Third Party Sales Contract, they should contact the Seller via the Online Marketplace to attempt to resolve the dispute in the first instance. If the Buyer and the Seller are unable to resolve the dispute, either party may refer the dispute to the Company in accordance with clause 8.
7. Limitation of liability
7.1 Nothing in this Sales Contract excludes or limits either party’s liability for:
7.1.1 death or personal injury caused by that party’s negligence;
7.1.2 fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; and
7.1.3 any matter in respect of which it would be unlawful for that party to exclude or restrict its liability.
7.2 The Seller has a legal duty to supply Products that are in conformance with this Third Party Sales Contract.
8. Disputes
8.1 The Company is not a party to any Third Party Sales Contract and acts as agent in the name of and on behalf of the Seller in promoting the commercialisation of products and concluding Third Party Seller Contracts as between the Seller and the Buyer, and in handling certain related ancillary obligations on the Seller’s behalf. The Seller is responsible for responding to, and using best endeavours to resolve, issues that arise in relation to a Buyer which pertain to a Product or Listing of the Seller (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be irrespective of any obligation imposed under or by virtue of all Applicable Law for VAT purposes on the Company as a deemed supplier or otherwise in connection therewith). The Buyer acknowledges that any VAT obligation on the Company in its capacity as a deemed supplier by virtue of Applicable Law (including any VAT invoice required to be issued by the Company in such capacity to the Buyer) shall have no effect on the Seller’s obligations to the Buyer under this Third Party Sales Contract.
8.2 If the dispute between a Buyer and Seller cannot be resolved:
8.2.1 the Company will read through the full communication between the Seller and the Buyer via the Online Marketplace to assess the situation;
8.2.2 for Products from a particular Seller in an order which, when considered together, are priced up to and including £50.00 (excluding any applicable VAT), the Company may make an automatic decision to resolve the situation and, if so, the Company will inform the Seller and the Buyer of such resolution. The resolution can include paying the Buyer a full refund. The Seller and the Buyer agree to abide, and comply with, such resolution; and
8.2.3 for Products from a particular Seller in an order which, when considered together, are priced above £50.00 (excluding any applicable VAT), the issue will be escalated to the Company’s account manager who will assess the issue, contact the Seller and discuss and propose a solution. If the Company fails to get a response by the Seller within twenty-four (24) hours of such contact, the Company reserves the right to resolve the dispute regardless of the Price of the item. The Seller and the Buyer agree to abide, and comply with, such resolution. The Company’s account manager might request the Seller to provide evidence of (by way of example only) delivery of the relevant Product (e.g. carrier confirmation of delivery) and/or return pick up of the item. The Seller is responsible for providing evidence and acknowledges that if the Seller fails to do so, the Company’s account manager is likely to decide to resolve the issue in favour of the Buyer. The Company will use reasonable endeavours to resolve any dispute within seventy-two (72) hours of the Seller or the Buyer providing the required evidence (as required by the Company).
8.3 The Company will not be acting as an arbitrator in relation to any dispute and either party to a dispute will be entitled to pursue legal action at any time.
9. Termination of sales contract
9.1 This Sales Contract will terminate:
9.1.1 if the Buyer exercises a right to cancel in accordance with clause 6;
9.1.2 when the Products are delivered to the Buyer’s address; or 9.1.3 when a party’s Account is terminated by the Company.
10. Online dispute resolution
Please note that for disputes that arise as a result of an online purchase only, if the Buyer is resident in a European Union member state, the Buyer may submit the Buyer’s complaint to the EU Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) platform via their website at http://ec.europa.eu/odr. Before going through this dispute resolution process please contact the Company’s Customer Service Team at OnlineDisputeResolution@b-and-q.co.uk who will try and resolve the issue for the Buyer in the first instance.
11. Governing law
11.1 This Third Party Sales Contract is governed by English law. This means that any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with this Third Party Sales Contract (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be governed by English law.
11.2 Unless the Buyer is a Consumer, the Buyer and the Seller irrevocably agree that the courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim (including non-contractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with this Third Party Sales Contract or its subject matter or formation.
11.3 If the Buyer is a Consumer, the Buyer may bring any dispute which may arise under this Third Party Sales Contract to, at the Buyer’s discretion, either the competent court of England, or to the competent court of the Buyer’s country of habitual residence if this country of habitual residence is an EU Member State, which courts are (with the exclusion of any other court) competent to settle any of such a dispute. The Seller shall bring any dispute which may arise under this Sales Contract to the competent court of the Buyer’s country of habitual residence if this is in an EU Member State or otherwise the competent court of England.
11.4 If the Buyer is a Consumer, the Buyer will benefit from any mandatory provisions of the law of the country in which they are resident. Nothing in this Third Party Sales Contract, including clause 11.1, affects the Buyer’s rights as a Consumer to rely on such mandatory provisions of local law.
These terms and conditions were updated July 2025
.
Back to top