Terms of Use | DMAC Solutions
top of page
Terms of Use
These Terms and Conditions of Use (the “Terms of Use”) apply to all DMAC Solutions (or “DMAC”) web sites, services, and software. DMAC Solutions reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Use, at any time.
​
BY ACCESSING THE DMAC SOLUTIONS SITES OR SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT USE THE SITE OR SERVICES. ANY ACCESS OR USE OF THE DMAC SOLUTIONS SITE OR SERVICES WILL CONSTITUTE ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
​
Privacy
The
Privacy Policy
establishes the rules governing the security of the data associated with DMAC’s websites and services. By accessing or using the DMAC websites or services, you agree to the terms of the Privacy Policy. Access or use of DMAC web sites, software or services constitutes acceptance of the Privacy Policy.
​
Scope of Use
A user may not engage in, foster, or promote behavior that:
Violates any local, state, or national statute, regulation, or rule, including, but not limited to, the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), or the Texas Public Information Act.
Is abusive, deceptive, obscene, defamatory, slanderous, offensive, or otherwise inappropriate;
Violates or otherwise encroaches on the rights of others, including, but not limited to, infringing or misappropriating any copyrighted or trademarked materials, intellectual property or proprietary right of another;
Attempts to gain unauthorized access to any of the Services, whether through hacking, password mining, or any other means;
Interferes with or disrupts the DMAC Solutions services, servers or networks connected to the services;
Reverse engineers, disassembles, or decompiles the services or software included in any DMAC web site, software or service.
Accounts, Passwords and Security
User accounts are created and assigned specifically to individuals and should not be shared with any unauthorized user. Any individual who is provided with a user account is solely responsible for the security and privacy of that account. If, for any reason, a user account is compromised or believed to be insecure, the user is required to immediately change the account password. If a user account has been misused, the individual is required to immediately notify DMAC Solutions. Licensees of DMAC software shall provide all authorized users with access to DMAC products and services and shall be solely responsible for authorized users’ acknowledgement and acceptance of the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Software License Agreement.
Ownership of Content
DMAC prohibits the use, modification or reproduction of any Region 7 ESC or DMAC logo, graphic, image, artwork, text, process, interface, tagline or other mark unless express written permission is provided in accordance with its rights under the federal Copyright Act and/or relevant federal or state trademark laws.
Personal content provided by the user/Licensee and stored in DMAC software and web sites is the responsibility and property of the user/Licensee. DMAC does not endorse, support, represent or guarantee the completeness, truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any content or communications submitted and/or inputted into DMAC software or web sites by the user.
Violations
Any violation or suspicious activity of these Terms of Use must be immediately reported to DMAC by phone at 1-866-988-6777 or email
privacy@dmac-solutions.net
.
Termination
DMAC reserves the right to suspend or terminate access to its sites or services, without notice, upon suspicion or evidence of violations of these Terms of Use by any user, Licensee or third party.
bottom of page