Terms of Use - Downshiftology
Skip to content
Home
About
About Lisa
Contact
Philosophy
FAQ’s
Travel
Lifestyle
Home
Last Modified June 22, 2023
1. BINDING EFFECT. This is a binding agreement (“Agreement) between you and Downshiftology (“Company”, “us”, “we”). By using the Internet site located at https://www.downshiftology.com (the “Site”) or any services provided in connection with the Site, you agree to be contractually bound by these terms.
2. PRIVACY POLICY. Company respects your privacy and permits you to control the treatment of your personal information. A complete statement of our current privacy policy can be found by clicking the “privacy” link at the bottom of the page. The privacy policy is expressly incorporated into this Agreement by this reference.
3. GOVERNING LAW. These Terms shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the United States and the State of California, without reference to their rules regarding conflicts of law. You hereby irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state or federal courts in Los Angeles, California in all disputes arising out of or related to the use of the Site.
4. AGE. The Site is intended only for users aged 18 or older. Individuals under the age of 18 are strictly prohibited from using the Site. You warrant and guarantee you are at least 18 years of age.
5. PRODUCTS. Company may make certain electronic products available to you from the Site. If you download said products from the Site, the products, including all files and images contained in and accompanying data (collectively, “Products”) are deemed to be licensed to you by Company, for your personal, noncommercial, home use only. Company does not transfer either the title or the intellectual property rights to the Products, and Company retains full and complete title to the Products as well as all intellectual property rights therein. You may not sell, redistribute, or reproduce the Products, nor may you decompile, reverse-engineer, disassemble, or otherwise convert the Products to a human-perceivable form. All trademarks and logos are owned by Company or its licensors and you may not copy or use them in any manner.
6. USER CONTENT. You grant us a license to use the materials you post to the Site. By posting, downloading, displaying, performing, transmitting, or otherwise distributing information or other content (“User Content”) to the Site, you are granting Company, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and representatives a license to use User Content in connection with the operation of the Internet business of Company, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and representatives, including without limitation, a right to copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate, and reformat User Content. You will not be compensated for any User Content. You agree that Company may publish or otherwise disclose your name in connection with your User Content. By posting User Content on the Site, you warrant and represent that you own the rights to the User Content or are otherwise authorized to post, distribute, display, perform, transmit, or otherwise distribute User Content.
7. COMPLIANCE WITH INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LAWS. When accessing or using the Site, you agree to obey the law and to respect the intellectual property rights of others. Your use of the Site is at all times governed by and subject to laws regarding copyright ownership and use of intellectual property. You agree not to upload, download, display, perform, transmit, or otherwise distribute any information or content (collectively, “Content”) in violation of any third party’s copyrights, trademarks, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights. You agree to abide by laws regarding copyright ownership and use of intellectual property, and you shall be solely responsible for any violations of any relevant laws and for any infringements of third party rights caused by any Content you provide or transmit. The burden of proving that any Content does not violate any laws or third party rights rests solely with you.
8. INAPPROPRIATE CONTENT. You shall not make the following types of Content available. You agree not to upload, download, display, perform, transmit, or otherwise distribute any Content that (a) is libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, or threatening; (b) advocates or encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or foreign law or regulation; or (c) advertises or otherwise solicits funds or is a solicitation for goods or services. We reserve the right to terminate your receipt, transmission, or other distribution of any such material using the Site, and, if applicable, to delete any such material from its servers. Company intends to cooperate fully with any law enforcement officials or agencies in the investigation of any violation of these Terms of Use or of any applicable laws.
9. COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT. We have in place certain legally mandated procedures regarding allegations of copyright infringement occurring on the Site. Please visit our DMCA Policy link in the footer of the Site to view our Digital Millennium Copyright Act takedown policies and to make a claim of infringement. Our DMCA Policy is expressly incorporated into this Agreement by this reference.
10. ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE. Company does not consent to the content on this website being used or downloaded by any third parties for the purposes of developing, training or operating artificial intelligence or other machine learning systems (“Artificial Intelligence Purposes”), except as authorized by the owner in writing (including written electronic communication). Absent such consent, users of this website, including any third parties accessing the website through automated systems, are prohibited from using any of the content on the website for Artificial Intelligence Purposes. Users or automated systems that fail to respect these choices will be considered to have breached these Terms of Use.
We have included on the pages of this website a robots meta tag with the “noai” or “noimageai” directive in the head section of the HTML page. Please note that even if such directives are not present on any web page or content file, this website still does not grant consent to use any content for Artificial Intelligence Purposes unless such consent is expressly contained.
10. NO WARRANTIES. COMPANY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES. COMPANY IS MAKING THE SITE AVAILABLE “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. YOU ASSUME THE RISK OF ANY AND ALL DAMAGE OR LOSS FROM USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, COMPANY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT. COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.
11. LIMITED LIABILITY. COMPANY’S LIABILITY TO YOU IS LIMITED. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR LOST DATA, REGARDLESS OF THE FORESEEABILITY OF THOSE DAMAGES) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR ANY OTHER MATERIALS OR SERVICES PROVIDED TO YOU BY COMPANY. This limitation shall apply regardless of whether the damages arise out of breach of contract, tort, or any other legal theory or form of action.
12. AFFILIATED SITES. Company has no control over, and no liability for any third party websites or materials. Company works with a number of partners and affiliates whose Internet sites may be linked with the Site. Because Company does not have control over the content and performance of these partner and affiliate sites, Company makes no guarantees about the accuracy, currency, content, or quality of the information provided by such sites, and Company assumes no responsibility for unintended, objectionable, inaccurate, misleading, or unlawful content that may reside on those sites. Similarly, from time to time in connection with your use of the Site, you may have access to content items (including, but not limited to, websites) that are owned by third parties. You acknowledge and agree that Company makes no guarantees about, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, currency, content, or quality of this third party content, and that, unless expressly provided otherwise, these Terms of Use shall govern your use of any and all third party content.
13. PROHIBITED USES. Company imposes certain restrictions on your permissible use of the Site. You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate any security features of the Site, including, without limitation, (a) accessing content or data not intended for you, or logging onto a server or account that you are not authorized to access; (b) attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Site, or any associated system or network, or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (c) interfering or attempting to interfere with service to any user, host, or network, including, without limitation, by means of submitting a virus to the Site, overloading, “flooding,” “spamming,” “mail bombing,” or “crashing;” (d) using the Site to send unsolicited e-mail, including, without limitation, promotions, or advertisements for products or services; (e) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or in any posting using the Site; or (f) attempting to modify, reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise reduce or attempt to reduce to a human-perceivable form any of the source code used by Company in providing the Site. Any violation of system or network security may subject you to civil and/or criminal liability.
14. INDEMNITY. You agree to indemnify Company for certain of your acts and omissions. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Company, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and representatives from any and all third party claims, losses, liability, damages, and/or costs (including reasonable attorney fees and costs) arising from your access to or use of the Site, your violation of these Terms of Use, or your infringement, or infringement by any other user of your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. Company will notify you promptly of any such claim, loss, liability, or demand, and will provide you with reasonable assistance, at your expense, in defending any such claim, loss, liability, damage, or cost.
15. COPYRIGHT. All contents of Site are: Copyright © 2023 Lisa Bryan, PO Box 833, Leona Valley CA 93551. All rights reserved.
16. SEVERABILITY; WAIVER. If, for whatever reason, a court of competent jurisdiction finds any term or condition in these Terms of Use to be unenforceable, all other terms and conditions will remain unaffected and in full force and effect. No waiver of any breach of any provision of these Terms of Use shall constitute a waiver of any prior, concurrent, or subsequent breach of the same or any other provisions hereof, and no waiver shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party.
17. NO LICENSE. Nothing contained on the Site should be understood as granting you a license to use any of the trademarks, service marks, or logos owned by Company or by any third party.
18. COACHING. We may offer coaching services to visitors from time-to-time. Any such services shall be governed by an independent agreement, not the terms herein.
19. AMENDMENTS. We reserve the right to amend these Terms and shall do so by posting a notice on the Site and forwarding an email detailing the amendments to you should we have an email address for you. Said amendment shall be binding 30 days after being posted to the Site. You may reject the amendments by opting out of our email list.
As Seen In
Subscribe to my newsletter
Join our 300,000+ foodie community and get new recipes delivered straight to your inbox. It’s free!
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.
Email
*
Join
Follow
Newsletter
RSS Feed
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
Information
About Lisa
Contact
Shop
Browse
Browse Healthy Recipes
30 Healthy Recipes In 30 Minutes Or Less
50+ Best Healthy Breakfast Ideas
50+ Best Easy Dinner Ideas
20 Best Soup Recipes
©2026 Downshiftology.
All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
|
Disclaimer
|
How We Develop Recipes
|
Terms of Use
Powered by
CultivateWP