Read Our Terms and Conditions at DuckyLuck Online Casino
Fullscreen
Exit
Home
Terms and Conditions
About DuckyLuck
About Online Casinos
About our Bonuses
About Withdrawing
About Bitcoin
About Our Games
Blackjack Rules
How to play Roulette
How to Play Pai Gow
How to play Baccarat
Casino Rules
Terms and Conditions
The Importance of Your Privacy
About DuckyLuck
About Online Casinos
About our Bonuses
About Withdrawing
About Bitcoin
About Our Games
Blackjack Rules
How to play Roulette
How to Play Pai Gow
How to play Baccarat
Casino Rules
Terms and Conditions
The Importance of Your Privacy
Unlike many complex T&C’s, our Terms and Conditions have been compiled in a most comprehensive manner, easily navigating you through your gaming journey. Everything you need to know about the legalities of our casino can be found here allowing you the freedom for a more immersive gaming opportunity.
1. ABOUT OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AT DUCKYLUCK ONLINE CASINO
1.1 - Through the Terms and Conditions guide, DuckyLuck Online Casino may be referred to as “online casino”, “the casino”, “DuckyLuck”, “the website” or “DuckyLuck.ag”.
1.2 - Playing at the casino or creating an account is regarded as an unspoken agreement between the player and the casino that all the following Terms and Conditions are understood and agreed to. The player should be made aware that in doing so, playing for real money or fun, is a binding agreement between both parties governing the player's relationship with the casino.
1.3 - Each singular clause in these Terms and Conditions should be regarded as individual clauses and remain separate from each of the other clauses so that should one clause be invalid or have served its purpose for any reason whatsoever, all others remain applicable throughout these terms and conditions.
1.4 - The following Terms and Conditions have been divided into categories to govern the use of DuckyLuck Online Casino, in effect protecting both itself and its players.
2. WEBSITE AND CASINO CONTENT AT DUCKYLUCK
2.1 - All software and content found on this website are owned and copyrighted by DuckyLuck Online Casino. The content and software are ‘Licensed Materials’ and as such are for personal use only, prohibiting players from taking advantage of the software and content presented by the casino. Under no circumstances will players be allowed to acquire any rights to any of the property and content of DuckyLuck.ag, the content and audio is purely for entertainment purposes courtesy of DuckyLuck.
3. THE PLAYERS RESPONSIBILITY AT DUCKYLUCK ONLINE CASINO
3.1 - By signing up with DuckyLuck.ag, creating an account and/or playing cash or free games, the player (you) are fully responsible for understanding that this is an automatic agreement with the casino that you do agree with these above and below mentioned Terms and Conditions. The unspoken agreement also means that you understand what has been stipulated in these Terms and Conditions.
3.2 - DuckyLuck.ag is a trending online casino and as a result, we may make some adjustments to our T&C’s to accommodate new bonuses, games, agreements and promotions. As such, it remains the player’s responsibility to check back to DuckyLuck’s Terms and Conditions to ensure a comprehensive gambling experience.
3.3 - Individuals from the following countries are unable to play at the casino:
Afghanistan, Albania, Algeria, American Samoa, Andorra, Angola, Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, Antilles, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bahamas, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Belarus, Belize, Bermuda, Bhutan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, British Virgin Islands, Brazil, Brunei, Bulgaria, Burma (Myanmar), Burundi, Cambodia, Cameroon, Canada, Cape Verde, Cayman Islands, Central African Republic, Chad, China, China (Hong Kong SAR), Christmas Island, Congo (Rep. of the), Cote d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cuba, Cyprus, Dominica, Dominican Republic, East Timor, Egypt, Equatorial Guinea, Eritrea, Estonia, Ethiopia, Faroe Islands, Fiji, French Guiana, Gabon, Gambia, Ghana, Gibraltar, Greece, Greenland, Grenada, Guam, Guernsey, Guinea, Heard Island and McDonald Islands, Hungary, Indonesia, Iran, Iraq, Isle of Man, Israel, Jamaica, Jersey, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Korea (North), Korea (South), Kuwait, Kyrgyzstan, Laos, Lebanon, Lesotho, Liberia, Libya, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Madagascar, Malawi, Malaysia, Maldives, Mauritius, Micronesia (Federated States of), Moldova, Monaco, Mongolia, Montenegro, Morocco, Mozambique, Namibia, Nepal, Nigeria, Oman, Pakistan, Papua New Guinea, Philippines, Poland, Puerto Rico, Qatar, Reunion, Romania, Russia, Saint Lucia, Samoa, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Serbia, Singapore, Sri Lanka, Suriname, Syria, Taiwan, Tajikistan, Thailand, Trinidad and Tobago, Tunisia, Turkey, Turkmenistan, Uganda, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, Uzbekistan, Vietnam, Virgin Islands (U.S.), Zambia, Zimbabwe
3.4 - Any players visiting or signing up with DuckyLuck must be 18 years of age or older. In addition to this, it remains the player’s responsibility to verify that they are legally allowed to visit and play at LuckyDuck.ag due to allocated rules according to jurisdictions regarding the legalities of online gambling. This should be verified before signing up and registering at DuckyLuck.  Unfortunately, the nature of the internet doesn’t allow for DuckyLuck Online Casino to forewarn players entering the site from restricted areas, resulting in a loss. Please be sure to check the laws of your country of residence and those jurisdictions to avoid missing out on services and products you thought you were eligible for.
3.5 - Upon entering or creating a member account, whether playing for real money or fun, you are hereby stating that all the information you have handed over to the casino is legitimate and authentic. All information is to be accurate as to avoid fraudulent activity at the casino and on player’s accounts.  In the unjust instance that the casino has determined any information is false, it is within DuckyLuck’s right to suspend the player's account and deplete funds as well as suspend any withdrawals until further investigation. DuckyLuck reserves the right to keep the account suspended until all provided information is proven accurate, dissolving the previous detection of fraud.
3.6 - DuckyLuck.ag reserves the right to prohibit any player from accessing a casino account for any reason. In addition to this DuckyLuck also reserves the right to suspend an account, an existing member's privileges and any other agreement previously made, for any reason at the casino's discretion.
3.7 - Placing wagers at DuckyLuck Online Casino immediately implies that the player is aware that they have voluntarily involved themselves in gambling and are in agreement with this term. This understanding also brings awareness that there is a risk in gambling and losing money is a very real possibility. This being said, DuckyLuck.ag takes no responsibility for losses or damage whatsoever, suffered by the player in association to the casino.
3.8 - Under no circumstances will cheating be permitted. The use of electronic, mechanical, robotic or any other such devices to aid in the influence of winning is strictly forbidden and as such any player suspected of such activity will immediately be banned and reported as a ‘restricted player’. The casino reserves the right to detect and investigate such cases and in doing so immediately shut down accounts in connection with the violation of this term. Winnings will also be confiscated if any of the above activities take place at DuckyLuck Online Casino.
3.9 - By partaking in any game at DuckyLuck, the Player acknowledges that they are familiar with the rules. Games vary from one to the next and each provides rules to help players better understand how the game works. This information is available through the ‘help’ facility of DuckyLuck.ag.
4. ACCOUNTS AND PASSWORDS
4.1 - Only one account per household is permitted when creating an account with DuckyLuck Online Casino. Should another member of the household wish to create an account, the casino will need to be contacted and informed of this request.
4.2 - Accounts and account information is regarded as sensitive data and it remains the responsibility of the player to ensure that such sensitive data remains safe and confidential. Any third party access to the player's account is considered in violation of this term and breaks any agreement held between the player and DuckyLuck Online Casino. The player is solely accountable for any personal information and agrees to take full responsibility for any loss or damage caused by the failure of keeping this sensitive information confidential.
4.3 - By signing up with DuckyLuck and providing an email address upon registration, you are agreeing to superior marketing that lies within your gaming interests. The marketing team at DuckyLuck.ag uses these email addresses to send out email correspondence which could benefit the player. However, should the player no longer wish to receive said correspondence, the option to unsubscribe is accessible through DuckyLuck’s support team.
4.4 - Should the player provide their postal address, this allows DuckyLuck Online Casino the right to occasionally send hardcopy material from the casino to the given postal address. However, should the player no longer wish to receive said correspondence, the option to unsubscribe is accessible through DuckyLuck’s support team.
5. PRIZES, WINNINGS & BANKING AT DUCKYLUCK
5.1 - For security purposes, DuckyLuck reserves the right to request any form of documentation stipulated by the casino to verify identification associated with deposits and withdrawals. This term is applied before or after deposits and withdrawals are made from the casino.
5.2 - Any deposit made by the player must be wagered 1x before a withdrawal can be requested unless otherwise stipulated by DuckyLuck Online Casino.
5.3 - DuckyLuck strives to reward all players with fast payouts. Our goal is to approve payments within 24 hours, however, this time frame may vary due to circumstances that are out of our hands. Regardless, we will do everything within our power to deliver your winnings in a fast and efficient manner.
5.4 - Most withdrawal requests require 24 hours before they are approved, however, there may be accounts that require further investigation before DuckyLuck approves the release of said withdrawal. VIP players and loyal members are treated to significantly reduced turnaround times upon requesting a withdrawal.
5.5 - The minimum withdrawal fee at DuckyLuck is set at $25 (€, £, Rx10).
5.6 - The withdrawal methods available at DuckyLuck Online Casino may vary depending on your country of residence. With that in mind, the global
withdrawal limit
begins at $2,500 and increases substantially depending on the withdrawal method chosen and your account status at the casino. For players seeking advice on the fastest payout methods, but do not know where to start, contact our customer support team for more information.
5.7 - The casino takes no responsibility in fees accrued by banks on withdrawals. As a result, it remains the player’s sole responsibility for processing fees on any withdrawal made.
5.8 - Should the player's account be linked to another account involved in any fraudulent activity, the account will be voided.
5.9 - Should DuckyLuck suspect that the player is an ‘advantage’ player, by using software or anything else linked to unaccepted gambling techniques, the casino has the right to immediately close the account and deplete it of any winnings.
5.10 - To our very lucky players, the big winners, DuckyLuck Online Casino shares your joy and having won a sizeable amount which garners the attention of the public, we want to share your joy with the world. As such any lucky player agrees to make themselves available for any event hosted by our casino related to the big win. That being said, the casino respects the player's privacy and will strive to keep secrecy to the player's satisfaction.
5.11 - DuckyLuck.ag reserves the right to use the player’s first names and the first initial of the player’s last name. This is for promotional purposes announcing the latest winners.
5.12 - If, after 6 consecutive months, a player has yet to sign into their account, the account will be classed as ‘inactive’. One month (30 days) prior to this, the player will be notified of the pending status. After 1 year (12 months) the account will be declared dormant and players will once again be contacted by DuckyLuck. Inactive and dormant accounts are charged a monthly admin fee of the currency equivalent of €100 or 5% of the total balance in the account. The charged amount depends on which is larger and the largest sum is paid to DuckyLuck. Once the account reaches a balance of ‘0’, DuckyLuck.ag reserves the right to close the account.
5.13 - We reserve the right to close any casino account without prior notice, however, the pending cash reserved during such cancellation will be paid back to the player.
5.14 - DuckyLuck Online Casino reserves the right to confiscate any pending cash or balance in an account in the instance of:
If there is evidence of more than one active account per player.
If the name of the account doesn’t match the name of the credit card used to fund the account.
If the player participates in any DuckyLuck promotion and withdraws before the promotion has concluded.
If any account or identification information is deceptive.
If players are under the legal age.
If players reside in a jurisdiction where online gambling is illegal.
If another person uses your account for any given reason whatsoever.
If the player is linked to any nefarious account activity such as cheating, playing as part of a syndicate, or utilizing software and systems to cheat the casino.
If patterns reveal that there is a possibility that the player is using bonuses to mathematically get the edge over the casino for profit.
If players have multiple accounts.
If there is any suspicious activity on the account whatsoever.
6. PRIVACY POLICY AT DUCKYLUCK
6.1 - Personal information supplied by players to DuckyLuck.ag will be used for the following purposes:
To verify the player's identity and verify any activity under that player's name.
To provide third parties with information to collect any money owed to the casino by the player.
To prevent crime in the detection of fraud by handing the information over to the appropriate authorities.
7. TERMS OF PROMOTIONS AT DUCKYLUCK ONLINE CASINO
7.1 - Not all our bonuses and promotional offers are accessible to players from specific countries of residence due to fraud risk. To avoid miscommunication, all our promotions have detailed wagering requirements which will determine if you are eligible for the offer.
7.2 - All promotions and offers at DuckyLuck.ag are available over a specified time and will eventually fall away to make room for new promotions.
7.3 - All times mentioned in promotional terms are recognized as Eastern Standard Time.
7.4 - Once a promotion has been added to a player's account, wagering is tracked by the casino to avoid fraud.
7.5 - Promotions allocated to players may not be transferred to another account and the promotion must be claimed within the given time frame.
7.6 - The bonus money in match deposit promotions is non-cashable unless the casino states otherwise.
7.7 - Should a player choose not to sign up with a bonus offer, a minimum deposit of $25 (€, £, Rx10) is required to verify the player's personal information on the account before a withdrawal is processed.
7.8 - Any winnings requested to be withdrawn which have been earned from Free Chips or other ‘No Deposit’ promotions, can be reversed and placed back into the player's account upon request. However, the maximum amount to be cashed out will remain the same as stipulated in the promotional offer.
7.9 - When a no deposit free money promotion under $100 is utilized, the maximum amount of winnings players can obtain will be under $100 USD. However, if the promotion is higher than $100, the maximum amount the player can win is the amount of the bonus on offer unless otherwise stipulated by DuckyLuck Online Casino.
In terms of the above, if there is no maximum redemption amount mentioned in the offer, it is to be assumed that the maximum amount of winnings is the value of the free bonus offer. Again, if there are winnings that have been earned using a free spin bonus and no maximum amount has been mentioned, the maximum withdrawal amount will be $100. Any excess funds from this amount will fall away after the request has been processed.
7.10 - Free bonuses cannot be used consecutively without a deposit between them. All no deposit bonus offers, including free spins, free chips and free bonuses require at least one deposit of $25 or more before another no deposit bonus can be used. Any funds obtained from a no deposit bonus if the player has not deposited at least $25 since their last no deposit bonus will lead to the forfeiture of any winnings earned from that bonus.
7.11 - If a player has claimed a bonus and not yet completed the cycle of the bonus, this is referred to as an active bonus. Any deposits made during the active bonus will be bound to the terms and conditions of said bonus. A bonus is completed once your account reaches exactly $1.00 or by cashing out winnings after all bonus requirements have been met.
7.12 - If a player is thought to be taking advantage of the DuckyLuck’s generous bonus offers in terms of gaining an unnatural advantage, all privileges will be taken away including promotional money, cash out ability and balance acquired during these promotions.
7.13 - When playing roulette using an active promotion, zero risk wagering is prohibited. This is a form of wagering where players bet on both odds and evens. In doing so, winnings may be voided by the casino.
7.14 - No reward points will be awarded to loyalty members earning cash backs, free money or free chips as the casino is offering this as a gift.
7.15 - Match deposit promotions must be requested before making an initial deposit else the promotion falls away. In the event that a player has made a deposit and has forgotten to claim the bonus, support should be contacted and the matter will be dealt with but there is no guarantee the bonus will be activated.
7.16 - The player is responsible for familiarizing themselves with the terms and conditions of the casino. Should any irregularities arise from misunderstanding the terms, any deposit made prior to awareness will result in the player following through with the bonus terms.
7.17 - Should a player be denied access to a promotion, an account review may be requested from the support team, however, DuckyLuck.ag will make the final decision as to the outcome of accessibility of the promotion.
7.18
- The minimal withdrawal amount for all DuckyLuck account holders is $25 (€, £, Rx10)
7.19 - DuckyLuck Online Casino can deny any withdrawals requested made from deposits that resulted in a charge back.
7.20 - Identification must be presented should the casino request it for verification purposes. This request will be delivered in the form of an email stating which documents DuckyLuck requires and instructions as to which steps need to be followed to process the withdrawal request.
7.21 - In the rare event that the casino needs to clear an account due to suspected fraudulent activity, DuckyLuck reserves the right to modify withdrawal processing times until the account has been cleared.
Gambling should be entertaining. Remember that you always risk losing the money you bet, so do not spend more than you can afford to lose. If you think you may have a problem,
click here
.
More Info
Follow us
Need Help?
Login
Join now
LOG IN
Your account has been successfully created!
Log in
Password recovery
New To DuckyLuck?
Join Now
And get your $2500 Welcome Bonus today!
We've Got Your Request
Your support ticket was successfully created and is now in our system. Log in to monitor updates and responses, or check your email to communicate with us directly.
Go to My Tickets