LAST UPDATED: August 25, 2025

Acceptance of the Terms of Use

These terms of use are entered into by and between you and EBSCO Information Services, LLC and its subsidiaries (collectively, "EBSCO Information Services" or "we" or "us" or "our"). The following terms and conditions, together with any documents they expressly incorporate by reference (collectively, these "Terms of Use"), govern your access to and use of ebsco.com, including the webpages, content, and functionality delivered through ebsco.com and all associated subdomains (collectively, the "Website"). These Terms of Use do not apply to the websites that host our products, services, software, and mobile applications, which are governed by their own terms and conditions.

Please read the Terms of Use carefully before you start to use the Website. By using the Website or by clicking to accept or agree to the Terms of Use when this option is made available to you, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by these Terms of Use and you acknowledge that all information you provide to us is governed by our Privacy Policy, which can be found at https://about.ebsco.com/company/privacy-policy and is incorporated herein by reference. If you do not want to agree to these Terms of Use or the actions we take with respect to your information consistent with our Privacy Policy, do not access or use the Website.

This Website is offered and available to users who are 18 years of age or older. By using this Website, you represent and warrant that you are of legal age to form a binding contract with EBSCO Information Services and meet all of the foregoing eligibility requirements. If you do not meet all of these requirements, do not access or use the Website.

Changes to the Terms of Use

We will notify you of changes to these Terms of Use by posting an updated version on this page. You acknowledge that any use of the Website is based on these Terms of Use, current at the time of use. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email notification or a notice via the Website (such as a banner or pop-up) prior to the changes becoming effective and provide you with the ability to consent to these changes (such as an "I agree" or "OK" button, or a prominent statement indicating the changes are in effect and continued use of the Website signifies consent). We encourage you to periodically review this page so you are aware of any changes. The date these Terms of Use were last updated is identified at the top of these Terms of Use.

Accessing the Website and Account Security

We reserve the right to withdraw or amend the Website, and any material we provide on the Website, in our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the Website, or the entire Website, to users, including registered users.

You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the Website and ensuring that all persons who access the Website through your internet connection are aware of these Terms of Use and comply with them.

To access the Website or some of the resources it offers, you may be asked to provide certain personal information, registration details, or other information. It is a condition of your use of the Website that all the information you provide on the Website is correct, current and complete. You acknowledge that all information you provide to register with this Website or otherwise, including but not limited to through the use of any interactive features on the Website, is governed by our Privacy Policy.

If you choose, or are provided with, a username, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to the Website or portions of it using your username, password or other security information. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your username or password or any other breach of security. You also agree to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. You should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information.

We have the right to disable any username, password or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time.

We may delete your account and any data associated with your account if it becomes inactive, as determined by our policies.

Website Content

The Website and its entire contents, features and functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video and audio, and the design, selection and arrangement thereof), are owned by EBSCO Information Services, its licensors or other providers of such material and are protected by contract law and United States and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.

These Terms of Use permit you to use the Website for your commercial use or your personal, non-commercial use, as applicable. You must not reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, download, store or transmit any of the material on the Website, except as follows:

Your computer may temporarily store copies of such materials in RAM incidental to your accessing and viewing those materials.
You may store files that are automatically cached by your web browser for display enhancement purposes.
You may print, download, or distribute copies of pages of the Website for your personal, non-commercial use, as applicable, and not for further reproduction, publication, or distribution unless authorized in writing by EBSCO Information Services. All copies must include the following copyright notice: "© 2025 EBSCO Information Services. All rights reserved." and other copyright and proprietary notices, if any, contained on the Website. Content on the Website may have additional conditions of use. Such conditions of use shall be displayed on the computer screen displays associated with such content.

If we provide desktop, mobile, or other applications for download, you may download a single copy to your computer or mobile device solely for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided you agree to be bound by our end user license agreement for such applications.
If we provide social media features with certain content, you may take such actions as are enabled by such features.
You must not:

modify copies of any materials from the Website;
use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences, or any graphics separately from the accompanying text;
delete or alter any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices from copies of materials from the Website; or
use or incorporate any Content available on the Website for any form of artificial intelligence or machine learning technologies for any purpose, including in any generative or other form of artificial intelligence for training or grounding purposes.
If you wish to make any use of material on the Website other than that set out in this section, please contact us using the information provided in the "Your Comments and Concerns" section of these Terms of Use.

Portions of certain content may be available to preview free of charge. Access to the full text may require a paid subscription or purchase. All content is provided for your personal, non-commercial use.

These Terms of Use do not grant you any right, title, interest, or license (express or implied) to any patent, trademark, service mark, copyright, trade secret, or other intellectual property right of EBSCO Information Services or its licensors. Modification of any content on the Website is explicitly prohibited. You are also prohibited from utilizing the Website in any way that would damage its content or visibility for other visitors. As between EBSCO Information Services and/or its licensors and you, EBSCO Information Services and/or its licensors have and retain exclusive and valid ownership of the Website and its content, the names and marks thereof, and all intellectual property, proprietary rights, and documentation therein, and you acknowledge that the foregoing constitute valuable assets and may constitute trade secrets of EBSCO Information Services and/or its licensors.

EBSCO Information Services, and its associated logos, and all page headers, custom graphics, and other icons are service marks, trademarks, registered service marks, or registered trademarks of EBSCO Information Services. All other product names and company logos mentioned on the Website or in the information or content contained therein are trademarks of their respective owners. In addition to complying with all applicable laws, you agree that you will not use any such trademarks, service marks, trade dress, or other logos from the Website without the prior written authorization of EBSCO Information Services. You agree that you will not remove, alter or obscure any copyright, legal, or proprietary notices in or on any portions of the Website or the content contained therein.

EBSCO Information Services accommodates and does not interfere with standard technical measures used by copyright owners to protect their materials. Pursuant to 17 U.S.C. Section 512 as amended by Title II of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, EBSCO Information Services reserves the right to terminate your use of the Website or the content contained therein if it determines in its sole and absolute discretion that you are involved in infringing activity, regardless of whether such alleged infringement is a first-time or repeat occurrence and/or whether the material or activity is ultimately determined to be infringing.

If you print, copy, modify, download, or otherwise use or provide any other person with access to any part of the Website in breach of the Terms of Use, your right to use the Website will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. No right, title, or interest in or to the Website or any content on the Website is transferred to you, and all rights not expressly granted are reserved by EBSCO Information Services and its licensors. Any use of the Website not expressly permitted by these Terms of Use is a breach of these Terms of Use and may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws.

AI Specific Terms of Use

Your use of any portion of the Website powered by artificial intelligence or similar technologies ("AI"), including any AI tools ("AI Tools"), are subject to the following terms:

You will use the AI Tools in compliance with these Terms of Use. We may limit or suspend access to the AI Tools or the responses generated from the AI Tools based on information or materials you input into the AI Tools ("Output") at any time.

You will not (i) use the AI Tools or the Output to develop, train, or improve other AI services or AI models, unless explicitly permitted by us in writing, (ii) use web scraping, web harvesting, or web data extraction methods to extract data from the AI Tools or Output or (iii) use the AI Tools or the Output other than as expressly permitted.

You will not input or process any personally identifiable data in the AI Tools.

Notwithstanding any recommendation contained within the Output, reliance on and use of the Output is at your sole discretion. You are responsible for all decisions made, advice given, actions taken, and failures to take action based on your use of the AI Tools and the Output. You will assess the Output before further using or relying on the Output for any purpose, including by employing human review of the accuracy of such Output.

You acknowledge that AI, including the AI Tools, consists of emerging technologies and, given the nature of such AI, their use may result in incorrect, biased, unfair, or inaccurate Output and/or Output that may be nonsensical, harmful or untruthful.

You acknowledge and agree that (i) Output may not qualify for intellectual property protection; (ii) similar or the same Output may be produced by the AI Tools to similar requests from different users, and (iii) your rights to Output may not be enforceable against third parties. For the purpose of these Terms of Use, your ownership in the Output is subject to ours and/or our licensor's ownership rights in the Website, content, documentation and data used to train and improve the AI Tools ("Pre-Existing Materials").

We hereby grant you a personal, non-exclusive, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, limited license to use the Pre-Existing Materials to the extent contained in the Output solely to the same extent as you are permitted to use the Websites.

Our indemnification obligations, to the extent provided in these Terms of Use shall apply to the AI Tools, but not to the Output.

You acknowledge that the legal framework applicable to and the interpretation of competent courts and authorities regarding the use of AI is evolving. If a change in law or the interpretation of a competent court or authority results in (i) us not being able to offer the AI Tools or (ii) you not being able to use the AI Tools in a legally compliant manner, we may reduce the scope of use (e.g., if the use of an AI Tool becomes prohibited, we may cease offering such AI Tool in a given country), suspend or remove the AI Tools altogether. Furthermore, we may suspend or discontinue your access to or use of any AI Tool if we can no longer provide an AI Tool licensed from a third party, because such third party discontinues availability of the AI or changes its service terms or documentation in contradiction to these Terms of Use or another way that prevents us from further offering such AI Tool.

Your Wallet

Our Website may provide a Wallet feature that allows you to input and store information about yourself, including your education, professional development, affiliations, credentials, and other information. You have choices about how much information you collect in your Wallet and what information is shared with our recommendation engine and opportunity partners but also agree that the information you provide will be truthful. We may be required by law to remove certain content and other information in certain countries. If your access is terminated or suspended at any time, you acknowledge that you will loose access to the content stored in your Wallet. You agree that we have no obligation to store, maintain or provide you a copy of any content or other information that you or others provide, except to the extent required by applicable law and as noted in our Privacy Policy.

If your email address or other self-identified, user-enabled connections provided in your account matches an existing account under an institutional customer, we may automatically affiliate your account with the customer account. Your access to our paid content provided pursuant to an agreement with an institutional customer, including usage reporting, shall be governed by the customer's agreement with EBSCO Information Services.

The Website may also allow you to self-identify to connect your account and/or your Wallet with third-party services or partners in order to import or synchronize data. Any third-party platform is subject to that party's terms of use, privacy policy, and data handling practices. We encourage you to review the applicable terms and policies of any third-party platform you choose to connect. [You may delete data from and/or disconnect your third-party connections at any time by accessing your account settings and following the instructions provided. Disconnecting a third-party service will prevent future data sharing but will not affect data that has already been transferred]. By using third-party platform connections, you consent to the transfer and sharing of your data as described above.

We use the data and other information that you provide and that we have about our users and content on the Services to make recommendations for connections, content, and features that may be useful to you. We use that data and other information to recommend and to present information that may be more relevant to you

User Contributions

User Contributions: Posting and Sharing

The Website may contain features that allow users to post, submit, publish, display, or transmit to us or other users or other persons (hereinafter, "post") content or materials (collectively, "User Contributions") on or through the Website. Depending on the feature and choices you make, User Contributions that you share may be seen by other users.

All User Contributions must comply with the Content Standards set out in these Terms of Use.

Any User Contribution you post to the site will be considered non-confidential. By providing any User Contribution on the Website, you grant us and our affiliates and service providers, and each of their and our respective licensees, successors, and assigns the right to use, reproduce, modify, perform, display, distribute, and otherwise disclose to third parties any such material according to your account settings.

You understand and acknowledge that you are responsible for any User Contributions you submit or contribute, and you, not the Company, have full responsibility for such content, including its legality, reliability, accuracy, and appropriateness.

We are not responsible or liable to any third party for the content or accuracy of any User Contributions posted by you or any other user of the Website.

We don't promise to store or show (or keep showing) any information (including User Contributions) that you've provided us.

User Contributions: Monitoring and Enforcement

We have the right to:

Remove or refuse to post any User Contributions for any or no reason in our sole discretion.
Take any action with respect to any User Contribution that we deem necessary or appropriate in our sole discretion, including if we believe that such User Contribution violates the Terms of Use, including the Content Standards, infringes any intellectual property right or other right of any person or entity, threatens the personal safety of users of the Website or the public, or could create liability for the Company.
Disclose your identity or other information about you to any third party who claims that material posted by you violates their rights, including their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy.
Take appropriate legal action, including without limitation, referral to law enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Website.
Terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Website for any or no reason, including without limitation, any violation of these Terms of Use.
However, we do not undertake to review a User Contribution before it is posted on the Website and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been posted. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications, or content provided by any user. We have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or nonperformance of the activities described in this section.

User Contributions: Content Standards

These content standards apply to any and all User Contributions. User Contributions must in their entirety comply with all applicable federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations. Without limiting the foregoing, User Contributions must not:

Contain any material that is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive, harassing, violent, hateful, inflammatory, or otherwise objectionable.
Promote sexually explicit or pornographic material, violence, or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age.
Infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other intellectual property or other rights of any other person.
Violate the legal rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of others or contain any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable laws or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
Be likely to deceive any person.
Promote any illegal activity, or advocate, promote, or assist any unlawful act.
Cause annoyance, inconvenience, or needless anxiety or be likely to upset, embarrass, alarm, or annoy any other person.
Impersonate any person or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or organization.
Involve commercial activities or sales, such as contests, sweepstakes, and other sales promotions, barter, or advertising.
Give the impression that they emanate from or are endorsed by us or any other person or entity, if this is not the case.
Prohibited Uses

You may use the Website only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms of Use. You agree:

not to use the Website in any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local or international law or regulation, or generally accepted practices or guidelines in relevant jurisdictions (including, without limitation, any laws or regulations regarding the export of data or software to and from the US or other relevant countries);
not to use the Website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications;
that you will not use the Website for any purposes related to marketing without EBSCO Information Services' express written consent;
not to access (or attempt to access) the Website by any means other than through the interface that is provided by EBSCO Information Services;
not to conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to the Website without EBSCO Information Services' express written consent;
not to edit or otherwise modify any content on the Website;
not to impersonate or attempt to impersonate EBSCO Information Services, an EBSCO Information Services employee, another user or any other person or entity (including, without limitation, by using e-mail addresses associated with any of the foregoing);
not to engage in any activity (including the use of any device, software, or routine) that interferes with or disrupts the Website (or the servers, networks, and databases which are connected to the Website), including any other party's use of the Website;
not to engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or enjoyment of the Website, or which, as determined by us, may harm EBSCO Information Services or users of the Website or expose them to liability;
not to use (or attempt to use) any robot, spider or other automatic device, process or means to access the Website for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on the Website;
not to use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on the Website or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent;
not to reproduce, redistribute, republish, duplicate, copy, display, sell, rent, sub-license, trade or resell any content or other aspect of the Website for any commercial purpose (except as expressly authorized by these Terms of Use and except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution) or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent;
not to introduce any spyware, viruses, Trojan horses, worms, keystroke loggers, rootkits, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful to the Website (or the servers, networks, and databases connected to the Website);
not to use the Website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software;
not to attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage, disrupt, or circumvent any security features of, any parts of the Website (or the servers, networks, and databases connected to the Website);
not to attack the Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack; and
that you are solely responsible for (and that EBSCO Information Services has no responsibility to you or to any third party for) any breach of your obligations under these Terms of Use and for the consequences (including any loss or damage which you may suffer) of any such breach.
Reliance on Information Posted

The information presented on or through the Website is made available solely for general information purposes. We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of this information. Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by you or any other visitor to the Website, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.

This Website may include content provided by third parties, including materials provided by other third-party licensors, syndicators, aggregators and/or reporting services. All statements and/or opinions expressed in these materials, and all articles and responses to questions and other content, other than the content provided by EBSCO Information Services, are solely the opinions and the responsibility of the person or entity providing those materials. These materials do not necessarily reflect the opinion of EBSCO Information Services. We are not responsible, or liable to you or any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials provided by any third parties.

Social Media Features and Linking to the Website

This Website may provide certain social media features that enable you to:

Link from your own or certain third-party websites to certain content on this Website.
Send e-mails or other communications with certain content, or links to certain content, on this Website.
Cause limited portions of content on this Website to be displayed or appear to be displayed on your own or certain third-party websites.
You may use these features solely as they are provided by us, solely with respect to the content they are displayed with, and otherwise in accordance with any additional terms and conditions we provide with respect to such features. You may not link to our Website unless it is done in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part without our express written consent. You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to cease. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The framing or scraping of or in-line linking to the Website or any Content contained on the Website.

We may disable all or any social media features and any links at any time without notice in our sole discretion.

Links from the Website

If the Website contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your convenience only. This includes links contained in advertisements, including banner advertisements and sponsored links. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. If you decide to access any of the third-party websites linked to this Website, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such websites.

Geographic Restrictions

EBSCO Information Services is based in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in the United States of America. We make no representations that the Website and its content are appropriate or available for use in all locations. Use of or access to the Website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. By using or accessing the Website, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your own jurisdiction.

By using or accessing the Website, you acknowledge that you understand your personal information will be transmitted to the United States, and unless prohibited by applicable law, you acknowledge and accept all liability and responsibility arising from the transmission of such information to the United States.

Disclaimer of Warranties

You understand that we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that content available from the Internet or the Website will be free of viruses or other destructive code. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for anti-virus protection, information security, accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to our Website for any reconstruction of any lost data. WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY A DISTRIBUTED DENIAL-OF-SERVICE ATTACK, VIRUSES OR OTHER TECHNOLOGICALLY HARMFUL MATERIAL THAT MAY INFECT YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, COMPUTER PROGRAMS, DATA OR OTHER PROPRIETARY MATERIAL DUE TO YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE OR ANY ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR TO YOUR DOWNLOADING OF ANY MATERIAL POSTED ON IT, OR ON ANY WEBSITE LINKED TO IT.

YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT AND ANY ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT AND ANY ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. NEITHER EBSCO INFORMATION SERVICES NOR ANYONE ASSOCIATED WITH EBSCO INFORMATION SERVICES MAKES ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY OR AVAILABILITY OF THE WEBSITE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER EBSCO INFORMATION SERVICES NOR ANYONE ASSOCIATED WITH EBSCO INFORMATION SERVICES REPRESENTS OR WARRANTS THAT THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT, OR ANY ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT OUR WEBSITE OR THE SERVER(S) AND OTHER EQUIPMENT THAT MAKE IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR THAT THE WEBSITE OR ANY ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL OTHERWISE MEET YOUR NEEDS OR EXPECTATIONS.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, EBSCO INFORMATION SERVICES HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

Limitation on Liability

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL EBSCO INFORMATION SERVICES, ITS PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES OR OTHER RELATED ENTITIES, OR THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, PARTNERS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE WEBSITE, ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO IT, ANY CONTENT ON THE WEBSITE OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES OR ANY ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PERSONAL INJURY/WRONGFUL DEATH, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE OR IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

General Representation and Warranty

You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the Website will be in strict accordance with our Privacy Policy, these Terms of Use, and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of data or software exported to and from the United States or the country in which you reside), and (ii) your use of the Website will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.

Indemnification

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless EBSCO Information Services, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, related entities, licensors and service providers, and its and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, representatives, partners, licensors, suppliers, successors and assigns from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses or fees (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or relating to your violation of these Terms of Use or your use of the Website, including, but not limited to, any use of the Website's content other than as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use or your use of any information obtained from the Website.

Governing Law and Jurisdiction

All matters relating to the Website and these Terms of Use and any dispute or claim arising therefrom or related thereto (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims), shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or any other jurisdiction).

Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of, or related to, these Terms of Use or the Website shall be instituted exclusively in the federal courts of the United States or the courts of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in each case located in the County of Essex. You waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts.

Waiver and Severability

No waiver of by EBSCO Information Services of any term or condition set forth in these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of EBSCO Information Services to assert a right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.

If any provision of these Terms of Use is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect.

Entire Agreement

These Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and EBSCO Information Services with respect to the Website and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the Website.

Your Comments and Concerns

If you have feedback, comments, requests for technical support and other communications relating to the Website, please contact us using the contact details below and we will do our best to assist you:

EBSCO Information Services
Attn: Customer Support 10 Estes Street
Ipswich, MA 01938
or via telephone:
978-356-6500