Legal Notice - ECOticias.com
Skip to content
In accordance with Spanish Law 34/2002, 11th July, of Information Society Services and Electronic Commerce, the following information is provided:
IDENTIFICATION DATA
You are visiting the website
www.ecoticias.com
owned by AZOR PARTNERS SL, settled in C/ MARCEL·LI DOMINGO Nº 5 1º 4ª (43007 TARRAGONA) TARRAGONA with identification number B66207937 registered in BARCELONA (SPAIN) hereinafter
THE OWNER.
You can contact the OWNER by any of the following means:
Phone number
: 616 09 28 11
E-mail
:
ecoticias@ecoticias.es
USERS
By means of this document we inform you of the terms and conditions that regulate the access and use of the following websites and apps of the Owner, as well as the associate services and contents (hereinafter,
the website(s) and mobile app(s).
The access or use of any data subject to a website and/or app of the Owner implies that the data subject acquires the condition of “user” and with such condition, a series of rights and obligations.
It is the user’s responsibility to read thoroughly the legal notice contained in this website, as well as the Privacy Policy, Cookies Policy and when applicable, the sales terms. Recommendations:
Revisit the abovementioned policies every time you intend to access or use the services and contents of this site.
To print or store a copy in your system.
USE OF THIS PORTAL
This website provides access to a a large amount of information, services, programs or data (hereinafter, “the contents”) on the Internet belonging to the Owner or its licensors to which the User may have access.
The user assumes responsibility for the use of the portal. This responsibility extends to the registration that is necessary to access certain services or content. In such registration the USER will be responsible for providing truthful and lawful information. As a result of this registration, a password shall be handled to the USER for which he will be responsible, committing to make diligent and confidential use of it.
The USER undertakes to make an appropriate use of the contents and services
(e.g. chat services, discussion forums or newsgroups) that the Owner offers in their portal. The user also commits, by way of example,
not to use them for
:
Incurring in illicit, illegal or contrary to good faith and public order activities.
Disseminate racist, xenophobic, pornographic-illegal, terrorist apology or propaganda against human rights.
Cause damage to the physical and logical systems of the Owner their suppliers or third parties. Introduce or disseminate malware or any other physical or logical systems that are likely to cause the aforementioned damage.
Attempt to access and, if possible, use other users’ email accounts and modify or manipulate their messages.
Use the website and the information contained therein for commercial, political, advertising or any other commercial use, especially in the sending of unsolicited e-mails.
The Owner reserves the right to remove any comments and contributions that violate the respect for the dignity of a person, that are discriminatory, xenophobic, racist, pornographic, that go against youth or childhood, order or public safety or those, in the Owners’s opinion, unsuitable for publication.
In any case, the Owner will not be responsible for the opinions expressed by users through forums, chats, or other participation tools.
DATA PROTECTION
Everything related to the processing of your personal data is contained in the
Privacy Policy
.
WEBSITE CONTENT. INTELLECTUAL AND INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY
The Owner is entitled with all the intellectual and industrial property rights of their website, as well as the elements contained therein (e.g. images, photographs, sound, audio, video, software or texts; trademarks or logos, colour combinations, structure and design, selection of materials used, computer programs necessary for its functioning, access and use, etc.) owned by the Owner or its licensors.
All rights reserved
. In accordance with articles 8 and 32.1, 2nd of the Spanish Intellectual Property Law, the reproduction, distribution and public communication, including its modality of making available, in its entirety or part of the contents of this website, for commercial purposes, in any medium and by any technical means, without the authorization of the Owner is expressly prohibited.
EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITY
THE USER acknowledges that the use of the website and its contents and services is carried out under its sole responsibility. In particular, by way of example, THE OWNER does not assume any responsibility in the following areas:
The availability of the operation of the website, its services and contents and its quality or interoperability.
The purpose for which the website serves the objectives of the USER.
Infringement of current legislation by the User or third parties and, in particular, of the intellectual and industrial property rights owned by other persons or entities.
The existence of malicious codes or any other harmful computer element that could be caused by the user’s or third party’s computer system. Corresponds to the USER, in any case, to have adequate tools for the detection and disinfection of these elements.
Fraudulent access to the contents or services by unauthorized third parties, or, as the case may be, the capture, elimination, alteration, modification or manipulation of messages and communications of any kind that such third parties may make.
Any damage to computer equipment during the access to the website and damage to USERS when they were originate from failures or disconnections in telecommunications networks that interrupt the service.
Damages or losses arising from circumstances due to unforeseen circumstances or force majeure.
In the event that there are forums or other similar spaces it should be noted that the messages reflect only the opinion of the User who sends them, who is solely responsible. The Owner is not responsible for the content of the messages sent by the User.
MODIFICATION OF THIS LEGAL NOTICE AND DURATION
The OWNER reserves the right to make, without prior notice, the modifications they deem appropriate in their portal, being able to change, delete or add as many contents and services that are provided through it, as the way in which they are represented or located on their portal.
The validity of these conditions will depend on their exposure and will be in force until they are modified by others duly published.
LINKS
In the event that links or hyperlinks to other Internet sites are included in
www.ecoticias.com
, THE OWNER will not have any control over such sites and contents.
In no event shall the Owner assume any responsibility for the contents of any link belonging to another website, nor guarantee the technical availability, quality, reliability, accuracy, comprehensiveness, accuracy, truthfulness, validity and constitutionality of any matter or information contained in any such hyperlinks and other sites on the Internet. Likewise, the inclusion of these external connections will not imply any type of association, merge or participation with the connected entities.
RIGHTS OF EXCLUSION
THE OWNER reserves the right to deny or withdraw access to the portal and/or the services offered without prior warning, at its own request or from a third party, to those users who breach the content of this legal notice.
GENERALITIES
THE OWNER shall pursue the breach of these conditions as well as any misuse of its portal by exercising all civil and criminal actions that may correspond in law.
USE OF THIS PORTAL
The relationship between THE OWNER and THE USER will be ruled in accordance with the Spanish regulation in force. All disputes and claims arising from this legal notice will be tried by the Spanish customer or user’s Court.
MINORS
www.ecoticias.com
directs its services to users over. 18 years Minors under this age are not allowed to use our services and must not therefore send us their personal data. We inform that if such a circumstance occurs, THE OWNER is not responsible for the possible consequences that may arise from the breach of this clause.
SAFETY MEASURES.- SSL
The Owner has contracted an SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) certificate for its website.
An SSL certificate protects all personal and confidential information that can be handled on a website, regardless of the information which may be transmitting, such as any of the contact forms on the website, the server, or the data entered for the subscription of newsletters or access to protected areas, etc.
The website address should be looking in green, activating the https protocol which may allow safe connexions from THE USER’S web server.
Last review: September 24th, 2024
Latest news
A bottle-sized “windmill” that promises to save your cell phone in the middle of nowhere, Shine 2.0 says it charges with just 8 mph of wind and weighs 3 pounds
Published On: February 25, 2026 at 12:59 PM
It wasn’t just a rare fruit: the humble molt that Nansen took to the North Pole in 1893 could be one of the most complex natural hybrids ever studied, with DNA from at least three extinct species and an evolutionary history written in eight chromosomes that still baffles geneticists
Published On: February 25, 2026 at 11:16 AM
The “impossible plane” now has a date: WindRunner promises to fly by the end of 2029 and transport 105-meter wind turbine blades as if they were giant suitcases
Published On: February 25, 2026 at 9:27 AM
“They’re not ships, they’re floating brains”: why the Spanish Navy is redesigning an entire naval base so that the F-110s, valued at more than 4.3 billion, can operate without limits from 2026 onwards
Published On: February 25, 2026 at 7:33 AM
Satellites detect megawaves up to 35 meters high in the Pacific, and the data is concerning because they appear even without “super hurricanes” involved
Published On: February 25, 2026 at 5:57 AM
China processes around 90% of the world’s rare earths, but Sweden has just pulled an “ace up its sleeve” with 2.2 million tons of oxides in Per Geijer
Published On: February 24, 2026 at 7:39 PM
Toyota reigns supreme again in 2026 with a reliability score of 66, but the big surprise is who sneaks into the top five and breaks Japanese dominance
Published On: February 24, 2026 at 5:32 PM
Saudi Arabia’s “impossible cube” no longer exists. On January 28, 2026, they stopped the Mukaab, a 400-square-meter colossus that would have swallowed up 20 Empire State Buildings
Published On: February 24, 2026 at 3:55 PM
ECONews
is a digital newspaper edited by ECOticias.com. It specializes in news about the Environment, Sustainability, and Eco-Friendliness. We have been leaders in this sector for 20 years.
Categories
Economy
Mobility
Science
Energy
Technology
Environment
Trending
Quakes Links
News Sitemaps
Contact Us
Legal Notice
Follow Us On
Follow Us On Social Media
Get Latest Update On Social Media
© www.ecoticias.com • All rights reserved
Close