Terms of Use | Education.com
Loading...
My Education.com accounts
To switch between accounts click on the account below
Log in with different email
For more assistance contact
customer service
Education.com Terms of Use
Welcome to the Education.com website. These Terms of Use ("Terms") are a legal contract between you and Education.com, Inc. ("us" or "our" or "we" or "Education.com") and govern your use of all the text, data, educational materials, information, software, graphics, photographs and other materials (all of which are referred to as "Materials") that we and our affiliates may make available to you through this website and/or any services we may provide through our website or our Mobile Applications, or any other website, app or online service which links to these Terms of Service (the website, services and Mobile Application are referred to collectively in these Terms as the "Service"). If you are agreeing to these Terms as a representative of a school or other entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind that entity and "you" herein refers to that entity.
READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE BROWSING THIS WEBSITE OR USING ANY OF OUR SERVICES OR MOBILE APPLICATIONS. USING THE SERVICES IN ANY WAY INDICATES THAT YOU HAVE BOTH READ AND ACCEPT THESE TERMS. YOU CANNOT USE THIS WEBSITE OR ANY OTHER PART OF THE SERVICES IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS.
NOTE: THESE TERMS CONTAIN A DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND ARBITRATION PROVISION, INCLUDING CLASS ACTION WAIVER THAT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THESE TERMS AND WITH RESPECT TO DISPUTES YOU MAY HAVE WITH EDUCATION.COM. YOU MAY OPT OUT OF THE BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER AS PROVIDED BELOW.
A note about Student Data: This Service may be purchased by providers of educational services, such as schools, school districts, or teachers (collectively referred to as "Schools") that use our services for educational purposes. When Education.com contracts with a School to provide the Service, we may collect or have access to Student Data (defined below), which may be provided by the School or by the student. We consider such Student Data to be strictly confidential and in general do not use such data for any purpose other than improving and providing our Services to the School or on the school's behalf. Our collection, use and sharing of Student Data is governed by this Agreement and any applicable laws and regulations including, in the U.S., provisions of the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act ("FERPA"), the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA") and applicable state laws.
Changes
Education.com may provide notifications, whether required or provided by law or otherwise, to you via e-mail notice, written or hard copy notice, or through posting of such notice on our website, as determined by us in our sole discretion.
Education.com may, in its sole discretion, modify or update this Agreement from time to time, which will be reflected in the `date last modified´ set forth below. If we change this Agreement in a material manner, we will update the `Effective Date´ at the top of this page and notify you that material changes have been made to this Agreement. Your continued use of the Services following such update constitutes your acceptance of the revised Terms. If you do not agree to any of the terms in this Agreement or to any future terms in a future revision of this Agreement, do not use or access (or continue to access) the Service.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we shall not make any material change to the Terms that relate to the collection or use of Student Data without first giving notice to the school or parent and providing a choice before the Student Data is used in a materially different manner than was disclosed when the information was collected.
In the event that you have entered into a signed, written agreement with Education.com in addition to this Agreement, any changes to this Agreement will not be effective as to you until either (a) you affirmatively accept the changes to this Agreement, either electronically or in a signed writing or (b) upon renewal at the end of the current term of your account.
You will not be permitted to continue using the Service and Education.com reserves the right to cancel your account without notice if you refuse or otherwise fail to accept changes made by us to this Agreement.
Notices that are required or permitted to be sent to Education.com must be sent to the following mailing address by certified mail with a copy sent by e-mail.
Legal Department
℅ IXL Learning, Inc.
777 Mariners Island Blvd.
Suite 600
San Mateo, CA 94404
E-mail:
[email protected]
Education.com reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or temporarily discontinue the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or temporary discontinuance of the Service. In the event of permanent discontinuance of the Service, Education.com's liability is limited to the paid subscription price, pro-rated to the amount of time remaining on the subscription.
You agree that Education.com, in its sole discretion, may suspend or terminate your password, account (or any part thereof) or use of the Service, for any reason, including, without limitation, for lack of use or if we believe that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of this Agreement. You agree that any termination of your access to the Service under any provision of this Agreement may be implemented without prior notice, and you acknowledge and agree that we may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all data relating to your account and/or bar any further access to the Service. Further, you agree that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your access to the Service.
General use
Education.com does not sell the Service to children, but only to adults who can purchase the Service with a credit card or other permitted payment method. If you are under thirteen (13) years of age, you may use the Service only with the involvement and consent of a parent, legal guardian, or at the direction of your School. Your School may impose additional policies regarding the use of the Service, with which you must comply.
If you open an account to provide the Service to students in a School, you represent and warrant that you are an authorized representative of the School with the authority to bind the School to this Agreement, and that you agree to this Agreement on the School's behalf. If you contact us to take any action with respect to an account, you represent and warrant that you have all necessary authority to request such action(s) from or on behalf of the account-holder (e.g., a School or Parent).
The U.S. Children's Online Privacy and Protection Act ("COPPA") requires that online service providers obtain verifiable parental consent before collecting personal information from children under 13. If you are a School providing the Service to children under 13, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to provide consent on behalf of parents for Education.com to collect information from students under 13 before allowing such students to access our Service. We recommend that all Schools provide appropriate disclosures to students and parents regarding their use of service providers such as Education.com and that they provide a copy of our Privacy Policy and the Student Data Privacy Pledge to parents.
In these Terms, we are granting you a limited, personal, non-exclusive, revocable and non-transferable license to display, print and use the Materials as follows (the "Permitted Purpose"): (i) if you are using the materials as an individual for home use, homeschooling, or caregiving, the Materials are licensed to you for your personal, noncommercial, use only; (ii) if you are using the Materials in your capacity as a teacher or on behalf of a school or other Organization, the Materials are licensed to you for use by you and your students. No Materials may be shared in any manner except as stated above. Your right to use the Materials is conditioned on your compliance with these Terms (including the payment of any applicable fees). Except as expressly permitted in the foregoing license grant and the Mobile Applications section below, you have no rights in our Services or any part thereof and you may not modify, edit, copy, reproduce, redistribute, create derivative works of, reverse engineer, alter, enhance or in any way exploit any of this website, Materials or Services in any manner. If you make copies of any part of the Materials while engaging in Permitted Purposes, we ask that you keep on those copies all of our copyright and other proprietary notices as they appear on the Materials or the applicable Service. You may only use such copies in connection with your use of the Services. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES MAY MATERIALS BE DISPLAYED ON OTHER WEBSITES OR IN PRINTED PUBLICATIONS OR SHARED WITH ANY INDIVIDUALS, SCHOOLS OR ORGANIZATIONS NOT LICENSED TO USE THEM.
If you breach any of these Terms, the above license will terminate automatically and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed Materials (and any copies thereof).
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or otherwise exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service.
Mobile Applications, Generally.
We may make available software to access the Service via a mobile device ("Mobile Applications"). To use a Mobile Application, you must have a mobile device that is compatible with at least one of the Mobile Applications. Education.com does not warrant that the Mobile Applications will be compatible with your mobile device. You may use mobile data in connection with the Mobile Applications and may incur additional charges from your wireless provider for these services. You agree that you are solely responsible for any such charges. Education.com hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use a compiled code copy of the Mobile Applications for one User Account on one mobile device owned or leased solely by you, for your personal use. You may not: (i) modify, disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer the Mobile Applications, except to the extent that such restriction is expressly prohibited by law; (ii) rent, lease, loan, resell, sublicense, distribute or otherwise transfer the Mobile Applications to any third party or use the Mobile Applications to provide time sharing or similar services for any third party; (iii) remove, circumvent, disable, damage or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Mobile Applications, features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content accessible through the Mobile Applications, or features that enforce limitations on use of the Mobile Applications; or (iv) delete the copyright and other proprietary rights notices on the Mobile Applications. You acknowledge that we may from time to time issue updates and upgrades, including but not limited to upgraded versions of the Mobile Applications, and may automatically electronically upgrade the version of the Mobile Applications that you are using on your mobile device. By installing the Mobile Applications, you consent to the activation of the Mobile Application by Education.com, 777 Mariners Island Blvd., Suite 600, San Mateo, CA 94404, and to all future automatic upgrading and updating on your mobile device, and agree that the terms and conditions of this Agreement will apply to all such upgrades. You can withdraw your consent at any time by uninstalling the Mobile Applications. To request assistance, please contact support at
[email protected]
. You acknowledge and understand and agree that the Mobile Applications, and the Service (including any updates and upgrades) will (a) cause your device to automatically communicate with our servers to deliver the Service's functionalities (as described where you downloaded the Mobile Applications (such as iTunes and Google stores) (b) affect the app-related preferences or data stored in your device, and (c) collect personal information as set out in our Privacy Policy. Any third-party code that may be incorporated in the Mobile Applications is covered by the applicable open source or third-party license EULA, if any, authorizing use of such code. The foregoing license grant is not a sale of the Mobile Applications or any copy thereof, and Education.com or its third-party partners or suppliers retain all right, title, and interest in the Mobile Applications (and any copy thereof). Any attempt by you to transfer any of the rights, duties or obligations hereunder, except as expressly provided for in this Agreement, is void. Education.com reserves all rights not expressly granted under this Agreement. If the Mobile Applications is being acquired on behalf of the United States Government, then the following provision applies. The Mobile Applications will be deemed to be "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software documentation," respectively, pursuant to DFAR Section 227.7202 and FAR Section 12.212, as applicable. Any use, reproduction, release, performance, display or disclosure of the Service and any accompanying documentation by the U.S. Government will be governed solely by this Agreement and is prohibited except to the extent expressly permitted by this Agreement. The Mobile Applications originates in the United States, and is subject to United States export laws and regulations. The Mobile Applications may not be exported or re-exported to certain countries or those persons or entities prohibited from receiving exports from the United States. In addition, the Mobile Applications may be subject to the import and export laws of other countries. You agree to comply with all United States and foreign laws related to use of the Mobile Applications and the Service.
Mobile Applications from Apple App Store.
The following applies to any Mobile Applications you acquire from the Apple App Store ("Apple-Sourced Software"): You acknowledge and agree that this Agreement is solely between you and Education.com, not Apple, Inc. ("Apple") and that Apple has no responsibility for the Apple-Sourced Software or content thereof. Your use of the Apple-Sourced Software must comply with the App Store Terms of Service. You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Apple-Sourced Software. In the event of any failure of the Apple-Sourced Software to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the Apple-Sourced Software to you; to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Apple-Sourced Software, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be solely governed by this Agreement and any law applicable to us as provider of the software. You acknowledge that Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims of you or any third party relating to the Apple-Sourced Software or your possession and/or use of the Apple-Sourced Software, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the Apple-Sourced Software fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation; and all such claims are governed solely by this Agreement and any law applicable to us as provider of the software. You acknowledge that, in the event of any third-party claim that the Apple-Sourced Software or your possession and use of that Apple-Sourced Software infringes that third party's intellectual property rights, Education.com, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by this Agreement. You and Education.com acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple's subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement as relates to your license of the Apple-Sourced Software, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement as relates to your license of the Apple-Sourced Software against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof.
Mobile Applications from Google Play Store.
The following applies to any Mobile Applications you acquire from the Google Play Store ("Google-Sourced Software"): (i) you acknowledge that the Agreement is between you and Education.com only, and not with Google, Inc. ("Google"); (ii) your use of Google-Sourced Software must comply with Google's then-current Google Play Store Terms of Service; (iii) Google is only a provider of the Google Play Store where you obtained the Google-Sourced Software; (iv) Education.com, and not Google, is solely responsible for its Google-Sourced Software; (v) Google has no obligation or liability to you with respect to Google-Sourced Software or the Agreement; and (vi) you acknowledge and agree that Google is a third-party beneficiary to the Agreement as it relates to Education.com's Google-Sourced Software.
Geo-location terms
The Services include and make use of certain functionality and services provided by third-parties that allow us to include maps, geocoding, places and other content from Google, Inc. (“Google”) as part of the Services (the “Geo-Location Services”). Your use of the Geo-Location Services is subject to Google’s then current Terms of Use for Google Maps/Google Earth (http://www.google.com/intl/en_us/help/terms_maps.html) and by using the Geo-Location Services, you are agreeing to be bound by Google’s Terms of Use.
Accounts; password restricted services, payments, and cancellation
We appreciate you visiting our website. You need not register with us to simply visit and view the website and not use any services or download any Materials. However, in order to access certain password-restricted areas of the website, to use certain services, and access certain Materials, you must register an account with us.
We may also provide you with the ability to register for an account using your existing account and log-in credentials from third-party sites and services such as Google, Facebook, Amazon or Clever. By using such third-party account and/or credentials, you are consenting to our retention and use, and such third-party site’s disclosure, of the account, credentials and other populated profile information that you submit.
For so long as you use your Education.com account, you agree to provide true, accurate, current, and complete information which can be accomplished by logging into your account and making relevant changes directly. You are responsible for complying with these Terms when you access and use the Services, whether directly or through any account that you may setup or use.  You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify Education.com of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. Education.com cannot and will not be liable for any unauthorized access to your account or data that arises from your acts or omissions.
Accounts may not be shared by more than one person or organization unless express authorization is given by Education.com.
You agree to pay all applicable fees related to your use of the Services. All fees are based on services purchased, regardless of actual usage. We may suspend or terminate your paid account and/or access to our paid Services if your payment is late and/or your offered payment method (e.g., credit card, PayPal, etc.) cannot be processed. By providing a payment method, you expressly authorize us to charge the applicable fees on your payment method at regular intervals as well as any taxes and other charges incurred in connection with your account, all of which depend on your particular Subscription and utilized services.
Paid subscriptions to use our Services (“Subscriptions”) come with a thirty (30) day risk-free start period. You may cancel your subscription any time within 30 days of purchase to receive a complete refund of your purchase price. To exercise this satisfaction guarantee cancellation and receive a refund, simply send an email to
[email protected]
during the first thirty (30) calendar days after you Subscribe. Subscriptions and the rights and privileges provided to you as a subscriber are personal and non-transferable. By providing a payment method, you expressly authorize Education.com and/or our third party payment processor to charge the applicable fees on said payment method as well as taxes and other charges incurred thereto at regular intervals. We reserve the right to change prices for Subscriptions at any time, and do not provide price protection or refunds in the event of promotions or price decreases. Non-renewal or cancellation of your paid subscription will cause your account to revert to a free account.
IMPORTANT NOTICE: MEMBERSHIP SUBSCRIPTION RENEWAL FEES WILL BE AUTOMATICALLY CHARGED TO YOUR CARD ON FILE EACH SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD (MONTHLY OR YEARLY), UNTIL YOU CANCEL.
Unless you cancel prior to the expiration of your current Subscription, we will automatically renew your Subscription on each monthly or yearly (depending on the Subscription you have chosen) anniversary of the date that you signed up for the paid Subscription. We will charge your credit card with the applicable renewal Subscription fee and any Taxes (as defined below) that may be imposed on such fee payments. All fees are exclusive of any applicable sales, use, import or export taxes, duties, fees, value-added taxes, tariffs or other amounts attributable to your use of the Services (collectively, “Taxes”). You are solely responsible for the payment of any such Taxes. In the event we are required to pay Taxes on your behalf, you shall promptly reimburse us for all amounts paid.
School accounts have the option to make payment by credit card, check, or other methods at our discretion (contact us for details). Payment must be received by Education.com no later than 30 days after issuance of an invoice. If Education.com does not receive payment within 30 days, the invoice is past due and we reserve the right to suspend access to the affected school account(s) and take collection action. Suspension of an account does not relieve the account-holder of its obligation to pay for the account. Education.com reserves the right to charge a late fee in the amount of 1% per month or the maximum permitted by law and its reasonable attorney's fees in securing payment of past due amounts.
Quotes and Proposals.
Any quotes or proposals provided by Education.com are valid only for a limited time and are effective only with the agreement of the relevant parties. Quotes and proposals may be withdrawn by Education.com at any time in its sole discretion. Quotes and proposals may include information that is proprietary and confidential to Education.com and to the maximum extent permitted by law may not be disclosed to anyone other than their intended recipient. By requesting and/or accepting receipt of a quote or proposal from us, you agree to keep such quotes or proposals confidential, to not disclose such quotes or proposals to any third party, and to immediately return and/or destroy all quote and proposal materials upon receiving a request to do so from us. To the extent that public records laws may apply to a quote or proposal provided by Education.com, you agree to immediately notify us of any public records request that may result in disclosure of an Education.com quote or proposal and provide us all reasonable opportunities to take steps to prevent such disclosure to the maximum extent permitted by law and will reasonably cooperate with us.
Cancellation:
Except as set forth below or otherwise agreed by Education.com in a signed writing, accounts may not be canceled until the end of the current term of the account. Unless otherwise provided for herein, all cancellations requested before the end of the then-current term will be effective at the end of the current term.
Education.com permits early cancellations only in the following circumstances:
In the event that the Service is permanently discontinued.
Education.com otherwise permits early cancellations only to the extent required by applicable law. In the event of such an early cancellation, the parties agree that the account-holder is responsible for all amounts due and payable before the date of early cancellation without pro-ration or to the greatest extent permitted by law. The parties agree that Education.com's efforts in selling, provisioning and providing an account are front-loaded and for that reason, pro-ration of fees in the event of early cancellation is not necessary or appropriate.
End of Subscription.
When an account subscription ends (e.g., at the end of the term if the account has not been renewed or has been canceled), the account may no longer permit access to the Service. However, Education.com may, at its sole discretion, permit continued, limited access for users of the Account for a limited time after the conclusion of the term. The Service includes built-in capabilities to download and export information relating to the account. If an account-holder or any of its users wishes to save or maintain any data, it is the account-holder and its user's sole obligation to download such data before the conclusion of the term. Once the term of an account ends, we may delete data relating to an account in accordance with this Agreement and the Privacy Policy. It is the account-holder's sole responsibility to request renewal of accounts that do not automatically renew to maintain continued access to the account and its associated data.
Price Changes.
We reserve the right to adjust the pricing for our Service, including but not limited to membership subscription plans, in any manner and at any time as we may determine in our sole and absolute discretion. Except as otherwise expressly provided for in this Agreement, any price changes will take effect following posting or other notice to you (e.g., e-mail).
Purchases through Third-Party Stores.
If you purchased your Education.com membership through a third-party store, such as through your Apple iTunes or Google Play account, portions of this Section may not apply to you. Because such a purchase is between you and the third-party store, and not Education.com, you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for billing for your membership and are not responsible or liable for any claims relating to the billing of your purchase. If you have questions about membership or billing, you should contact the applicable third-party store directly.
Electronic communications
By using any of our Services, you consent to receiving electronic communications from us. These electronic communications may include notices about applicable fees and charges, transactional information and other information concerning or related to the Services. These electronic communications are part of your relationship with us. You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures or other communications that we send you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing.
Links to third-party sites
The Service may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other Internet websites or resources. Because Education.com has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that Education.com is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that Education.com shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.
User Submissions
You are solely responsible for any content that you create, transmit or display while using the Service.
The Service or Education.com may now or in the future allow Users to submit, post, display, provide, or otherwise make available content such as text, images, comments, questions, and other content or information (any such materials a User submits, posts, displays, provides, or otherwise makes available on the Service is referred to as "User Content").
We claim no ownership rights over User Content created by you. The User Content you create remains yours.
By submitting, posting, displaying, providing, or otherwise making available any User Content on or through the Service or to Education.com, you expressly grant, and you represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary to grant to Education.com a royalty-free, sublicensable, transferable, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, list information regarding, edit, translate, distribute, syndicate, publicly perform, publicly display, and make derivative works of all such User Content in whole or in part, and in any form, media or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed, for use in connection with the Service and Education.com's (and its successors' and affiliates') business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Service (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels. You also hereby grant each User of the Service a non-exclusive license to access your User Content through the Service, and to use, reproduce, distribute, display and perform such User Content as permitted through the functionality of the Service and under this Agreement.
You must have the legal right to the User Content you submit to the Service. You may not upload or post any User Content to the Service that infringes the copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights of a third party nor may you upload User Content that violates any third party's right of privacy or right of publicity. You may post only User Content that you have permission to post from the owner or by law.
Unauthorized activities
To be clear, we authorize your use of the Services only for Permitted Purposes. Any other use of the Services beyond the Permitted Purposes is prohibited and, therefore, constitutes unauthorized use of the Services. This is because as between you and us, all rights in the Services remain our property.
Unauthorized use of the Services may result in violation of various United States and international copyright laws. Unless you have written permission from us stating otherwise, you are not authorized to use the Services in any of the following ways (these are examples only and the list below is not intended to be exhaustive):
In a manner that modifies, publicly displays, publicly performs, reproduces or distributes any of the Services or Materials for any commercial purpose that competes with our Services in any way;
In a manner that violates any local, state, national, foreign, or international statute, regulation, rule, order, treaty, or other law;
To stalk, harass, or harm another individual;
To impersonate any person or entity or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
To interfere with or disrupt the Services or servers or networks connected to any of the Services;
To use any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering or extraction methods in connection with the Services; or
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion of the Services, Materials or any other accounts, computer systems, or networks connected to this Website, whether through hacking, password mining, or any other means.
You alone are responsible for any violation of these Terms by you. We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you and, in such case, you agree to cooperate with our defense of such claim.
Proprietary rights
You acknowledge and agree that the Service and any necessary software used in connection with the Service ("Software") contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. You further acknowledge and agree that information presented to you through the Service is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws. Except as expressly authorized by Education.com or advertisers, you agree not to copy, modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the Service or the Software, in whole or in part. Any automated scraping, harvesting, indexing, mining, or any other extraction of any content from the Service is expressly prohibited.
The Service is protected by copyright and other laws in both the United States and elsewhere. Under the terms of this Agreement, it is expressly forbidden to distribute or reproduce the content of the Service or any portion thereof by any means, including but not limited to electronic and print.
Education.com reserves the right to cancel your account without refund if it is determined that you have violated this section of the Agreement.
Schools
This Section applies to a School's use of the Service.
When the Services are used by a School for an educational purpose, we may collect or have access to Student Data that is provided by the School or by a student. "Student Data" is personal information that is directly related to an identifiable student and may include "educational records" as defined by the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act ("FERPA").
The School or the student, and not Education.com, owns and controls the Student Data. You authorize Education.com to access, collect, transmit, modify, display and store Student Data to provide the Service and as described in this Agreement and in our Privacy Policy.
Compliance with Laws.
In the U.S., we may collect and process Student Data as a School Official with a legitimate educational interest pursuant to the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act ("FERPA"), 20 U.S.C. § 1232(g). Individually and collectively, we and our School Users agree to uphold our obligations under FERPA, COPPA, the Protection of Pupil Rights Amendment ("PPRA"), applicable State laws relating to student data privacy, and with all other laws and regulations governing the protection of Student Data.
Use of Student Data.
By submitting, providing us access to, or causing us to receive Student Data, you agree that we may use the Student Data for the purposes of (i) providing the Services, (ii) improving and developing our Services, (iii) enforcing our rights under these Terms, and (iv) as permitted with the School's or the User's consent.
Use of De-Identified or Anonymized Student Data.
You agree that both before and after the term of the Agreement, Education.com may collect, analyze, use, and retain data derived from Student Data as well as data about users' access and use of the Service, for the purpose of operating, analyzing, improving or marketing the Service, developing new products or services, conducting research or other purposes, provided that we may not share or publicly disclose information that is derived from Student Data unless such data is de-identified and/or anonymized such that it cannot reasonably identify a specific individual.
Use of Personal Information for Marketing.
You agree that Education.com may provide customized content, advertising, and commercial messaging to school, teacher or district administrative users and other non-student users from time to time, provided that such advertisements shall not be based on Student Data. For emphasis, and without limitation, Education.com shall never use Student Data to engage in targeted advertising.
Disclosure of Student Data and Third-Party Service Providers.
You acknowledge and agree that Education.com may provide access to Student Data to our employees and service providers which have a legitimate need to access such information to provide their services to us. We and our employees, affiliates, service providers, or agents involved in the handling, transmittal, and processing of Student Data will be required to maintain the confidentiality of such data. We shall not share Student Data with third parties other than as described in this Agreement and in the Education.com Privacy Policy, or with consent of the School or parent.
Student Data Access and Deletion Requests.
You may request that we delete Student Data in our possession at any time by providing such a request in writing, and we shall comply with such request within thirty (30) days, except that we shall not be required to delete Student Data that has been moved to a personal family account on the Service or as otherwise prohibited by law. A parent or student over the age of 18 seeking to access, modify, correct, or delete personal information in a student account that is connected to a School account will be instructed to contact the School to discuss data deletion or modification. Education.com is not required to delete data that has been derived from Student Data if such data is de-identified and/or anonymized such that it cannot reasonably identify a specific individual.
Data Security and Breach Notification.
We have implemented administrative, physical and technical safeguards designed to secure the personal information in Education.com's possession and control from unauthorized access, disclosure and use. If an unauthorized party gains access to or has been disclosed Student Data (a "Security Event"), that we have collected or received through the Service under this Agreement, we will promptly notify the School. If, due to a Security Event which is caused by the acts or omissions of Education.com or its agents, a notification to an individual, organization or government agency is required under applicable privacy laws, the School shall be responsible for the timing, content, and method of any such legally-required notice and compliance with such laws and we shall indemnify the School for reasonable costs related to legally-required notifications. With respect to any Security Event which is not caused by the acts or omissions of Education.com or its agents, we shall reasonably cooperate with School's investigation of the Security Event, as School requests, at School's reasonable expense, but we shall not indemnify a School for costs associated with the Security Event. Education.com shall be responsible for the timing, content, cost and method of notice and compliance with such laws as they relate to users that are not associated with a School account.
State Specific Terms.
The following additional terms may apply depending on the state in which a School is located:
5.1 Connecticut
This Section 5.1 applies to the use of the Service by Schools located in the State of Connecticut. The purpose of this Section 5.1 is to document compliance with applicable Connecticut state laws that may apply to the use of the Service by Schools in Connecticut, such as Conn. Gen. Stat. Ann. § 10-234aa-dd. This Section 5.1 incorporates by reference the definitions set forth in Conn. Gen. Stat. Ann. § 10-234aa.
If you open an Education.com account to provide the Service to students in a School located in the State of Connecticut, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to do so on behalf of the local or regional board of education with authority over the School and that you are authorized to communicate with Education.com on behalf of the local or regional board of education.
Education.com and you shall comply with all applicable sections of Conn. Gen. Stat. Ann. § 10-234aa-dd. The following terms shall apply as required by Conn. Gen. Stat. Ann. § 10-234bb. To the extent that any such required terms conflict with other terms in this Agreement, the terms of this Section 5.1 shall apply.
Student information, student records and student-generated content are not the property of or under the control of Education.com.
The local or regional board of education may request the deletion of any student information, student records or student-generated content in the possession of Education.com by sending a request to
[email protected]
. As permitted by Conn. Gen. Stat. Ann. § 10-234bb(2), Education.com is not required to delete information prohibited from deletion or required to be retained under state or federal law or stored as a copy as part of a disaster recovery storage system and that is (i) inaccessible to the public, and (ii) unable to be used in the normal course of business by the contractor. We will, however, comply with requests for deletion of student information, student, records, or student-generated content that is restored from such disaster recovery storage systems.
Education.com will not use student information, student records and student-generated content for any purposes other than those authorized pursuant to this Agreement.
A student, parent or legal guardian of a student may review personally identifiable information contained in student information, student records or student-generated content and correct erroneous information, if any, in such student record by contacting their School. Education.com will respond to such requests in accordance with instructions sent by an authorized School representative to
[email protected]
.
Education.com will take actions designed to ensure the security and confidentiality of student information, student records and student-generated content.
Education.com will promptly notify the local or regional board of education in accordance with the provisions of section 10-234dd when there has been an unauthorized release, disclosure or acquisition of student information, student records or student-generated content.
Student information, student records or student-generated content shall not be retained or available to the contractor upon expiration of this Agreement. This restriction shall not apply to the extent that a student, parent or legal guardian of a student independently establishes or maintains an electronic account with Education.com for the purpose of storing their student-generated content.
Education.com and the local or regional board of education shall ensure compliance with the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974, 20 USC 1232g, as amended from time to time.
The laws of the state of Connecticut shall govern the rights and duties of Education.com and the local or regional board of education.
If any provision of this Section is held invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity does not affect other provisions or applications of the contract which can be given effect without the invalid provision or application.
5.2 New York
This Section 5.2 applies to the use of the Service by Schools located in the State of New York. The purpose of this Section 5.2 is to document compliance with New York state laws that may apply to the use of the Service by Schools in New York, such as New York State Education Law Section 2-d (Ed Law 2-d) and Part 121 of Title 8 of the Codes, Rules and Regulations of the State of New York (8 CRR-NY § 121). This Section 5.2 incorporates by reference the definitions set forth in Ed Law 2-d § 3 and 8 CRR-NY § 121.1.
If you open an Education.com account to provide the Service to students in a School located in the State of New York, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to do so on behalf of the educational agency with authority over the School and that you are authorized to communicate with Education.com on behalf of the educational agency.
Education.com and you shall comply with all applicable sections of Ed Law 2-d and 8 CRR-NY § 121. The following terms shall apply as required by Ed Law 2-d § 5(b)(3) and 8 CRR-NY § 121.3, 121.6. To the extent that any such required terms conflict with other terms in this Agreement, the terms of this Section shall apply.
8 CRR-NY § 121.6(a)(1): outline how the third-party contractor will implement all State, Federal, and local data security and privacy contract requirements over the life of the contract, consistent with the educational agency's data security and privacy policy –
Education.com has implemented policies and procedures consistent with the New York State Education Department Data Privacy and Security Policy v1.0 (available here). It is the School's responsibility to provide us with its data security and privacy policy if different than the New York State Education Department Data Privacy and Security Policy. Education.com will review its policies and procedures against data security and privacy policies provided to it by educational agencies. In the event our policies and practices are not consistent with the educational agencies' policies, we will take commercially reasonable efforts to achieve consistency.
8 CRR-NY § 121.6(a)(2): specify the administrative, operational and technical safeguards and practices it has in place to protect personally identifiable information that it will receive under the contract –
Education.com employs reasonable organizational and technical safeguards to prevent unauthorized access, use, alteration, or disclosure of personally identifiable information stored on systems under EDUCATION.COM's control. Please see Section 8 of Education.com's Privacy Policy. School administrators may also request a copy of Education.com's Security Policies and Procedures.
8 CRR-NY § 121.6(a)(3): demonstrate that it complies with the requirements of section 121.3(c) of this Part –
The Parent Bill of Rights, along with any other supplemental documentation relating specifically to your School, is included in this contract unless Education.com and your School or District have entered into a separate signed written agreement regarding that subject matter.  If your School does not have a Parent Bill of Rights, the New York State Parent Bill of Rights (available here) is applicable and is included in this contract.
8 CRR-NY § 121.3(c)(1) the exclusive purposes for which the student data or teacher or principal data will be used by the third-party contractor, as defined in the contract –
to provide the Services as set forth in this Agreement. Student data and teacher or principal data will not be used for any other purpose.
8 CRR-NY § 121.3(c)(2) how the third-party contractor will ensure that the subcontractors, or other authorized persons or entities to whom the third-party contractor will disclose the student data or teacher or principal data, if any, will abide by all applicable data protection and security requirements, including but not limited to those outlined in applicable State and Federal laws and regulations (e.g., FERPA; Education Law section 2-d) –
Subcontractors and other authorized persons or entities will be provided such information pursuant to contractual obligations to maintain the confidentiality of such data in a manner consistent with this Agreement.
8 CRR-NY § 121.3(c)(3) the duration of the contract, including the contract's expiration date and a description of what will happen to the student data or teacher or principal data upon expiration of the contract or other written agreement (e.g., whether, when and in what format it will be returned to the educational agency, and/or whether, when and how the data will be destroyed) –
This Agreement will be in effect for a School so long as that School has an active subscription to the Service. Upon expiration or termination of a School's subscriptions without renewal, we will delete student data and teacher or principal data in accordance with the terms of any applicable written agreement with the School, written requests from authorized School administrators, and our standard data retention schedule. Authorized School administrators may contact Education.com at
[email protected]
to request additional information about our standard data retention schedule and available options for customizing Education.com's standard data retention schedule to meet individual School requirements.
8 CRR-NY § 121.3(c)(4) if and how a parent, student, eligible student, teacher or principal may challenge the accuracy of the student data or teacher or principal data that is collected –
Parents, students, eligible students, and teachers or principals may contact their School to exercise this right. We will cooperate with the School to effectuate such requests at the School's direction.
8 CRR-NY § 121.3(c)(5) where the student data or teacher or principal data will be stored, described in such a manner as to protect data security, and the security protections taken to ensure such data will be protected and data security and privacy risks mitigated –
Student data and teacher or principal data for Schools located in New York will be stored in the United States. Such data will be stored in a manner consistent with the NIST Cybersecurity Framework to mitigate against data security and privacy risks.
8 CRR-NY § 121.3(c)(6) address how the data will be protected using encryption while in motion and at rest –
Education.com will utilize a technology or methodology specified or permitted by the Secretary of the United States Department of Health and Human Services in guidance issued under section 13402(H)(2) of Public Law 111-5.
8 CRR-NY § 121.6(a)(4) specify how officers or employees of the third-party contractor and its assignees who have access to student data, or teacher or principal data receive or will receive training on the Federal and State laws governing confidentiality of such data prior to receiving access –
Education.com periodically provides training to its employees regarding data security and privacy obligations with respect to such data.
8 CRR-NY § 121.6(a)(5) specify if the third-party contractor will utilize sub-contractors and how it will manage those relationships and contracts to ensure personally identifiable information is protected –
While Education.com does not sub-contract portions of any particular contract with a customer, Education.com does utilize vendors in the course of providing the Service. Such vendors will only be provided personally identifiable information to the extent necessary for them to provide their contracted-for services and will be subject to obligations of confidentiality and security consistent with this Section 5.2.
8 CRR-NY § 121.6(a)(6) specify how the third-party contractor will manage data security and privacy incidents that implicate personally identifiable information including specifying any plans to identify breaches and unauthorized disclosures, and to promptly notify the educational agency –
Education.com will manage and respond to Security Events as set forth in this Agreement and the Privacy Policy. As required by Ed Law 2-d, Education.com will notify the school of a Security Event in the most expedient way possible and without unreasonable delay.
8 CRR-NY § 121.6(a)(7) describe whether, how and when data will be returned to the educational agency, transitioned to a successor contractor, at the educational agency's option and direction, deleted or destroyed by the third-party contractor when the contract is terminated or expires –
Upon expiration or termination of a School's subscriptions without renewal, Education.com will delete student data and teacher or principal data in accordance with the terms of any applicable written agreement with the School, written requests from authorized School administrators, and our standard data retention schedule. Authorized School administrators may contact Education.com at
[email protected]
to request additional information about our standard data retention schedule and available options for customizing Education.com's standard data retention schedule to meet individual School requirements.
Intellectual property infringement
We respect the intellectual property rights of others and encourage you to do the same. Accordingly, we have a policy of removing User Submissions that violate intellectual property rights of others, suspending access to the Services (or any portion thereof) to any user who uses the Services in violation of someone’s intellectual property rights, and/or terminating in appropriate circumstances the account of any user who uses the Services in violation of someone’s intellectual property rights.
Pursuant to Title 17 of the United States Code, Section 512, we have implemented procedures for receiving written notification of claimed copyright infringement and for processing such claims in accordance with such law. If you believe your copyright or other intellectual property right is being infringed by a user of our Services, please provide written notice to our agent for notice of claims of infringement:
ATTN: COPYRIGHT
Education.com
777 Mariners Island Blvd., Suite 600
San Mateo, CA 94404
Email:
[email protected]
To be sure the matter is handled immediately, your written notice must:
Contain your physical or electronic signature;
Identify the copyrighted work or other intellectual property alleged to have been infringed;
Identify the allegedly infringing material in a sufficiently precise manner to allow us to locate that material;
Contain adequate information by which we can contact you (including postal address, telephone number, and e-mail address);
Contain a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted material or other intellectual property is not authorized by the owner, the owner's agent or the law;
Contain a statement that the information in the written notice is accurate; and
Contain a statement, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright or other intellectual property right owner.
Unless the notice pertains to copyright or other intellectual property infringement, the agent will be unable to address the listed concern.
Submitting a Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) Counter-Notification
We will notify you that we have removed or disabled access to copyright-protected material that you provided, if such removal is pursuant to a validly received DMCA take-down notice. In response, you may provide our Agent with a written counter-notification that includes the following information:
Your physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;
A statement from you under the penalty of perjury, that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; and
Your name, physical address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of a court for the judicial district in which your physical address is located, or if your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which we may be located, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of allegedly infringing material or an agent of such person.
Termination of Repeat Infringers
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to terminate the account or access of any user of the Services who is the subject of repeated DMCA or other infringement notifications.
Disclaimer of warranties
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT:
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. EDUCATION.COM EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
EDUCATION.COM MAKES NO WARRANTY OR CONDITION THAT (i) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (ii) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS, AND (V) ANY ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED.
ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM EDUCATION.COM OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE AGREEMENT.
Limitation of liability
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL EDUCATION.COM, ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF EDUCATION.COM HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM: (i) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE; (ii) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE; (iii) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (iv) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE; OR (v) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE.
In no event shall Education.com or its subsidiaries, parent companies, affiliates, licensors, contractors, employees, officers, directors, agents or third-party partners' total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or your use of the Service (whether in contract, tort, warranty or otherwise, exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing the Service during the twelve (12) months preceding your claim or one hundred dollars ($100), whichever is greater.
INDEMNITY
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to indemnify and hold Education.com, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders or other partners, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of (i) content you submit, post, transmit or make available through the Service, including without limitation, User Content, (ii) your use or misuse of the Service, (iii) your connection to the Service, (iv) your violation of the Agreement, (v) your violation of any applicable law or the rights of another person or entity, (vi) your willful misconduct, or (vii) any other party's access and use of the Service with your unique username, password, or other appropriate security code. Education.com reserves the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims.
Local laws; export control
We control and operate the Services from our headquarters in the United States of America and all of the Services may not be appropriate or available for use in other locations. If you use our Services outside the United States of America, you are solely responsible for following applicable local laws. We may limit the availability of the Services, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction we choose, at any time. Not all products or services may be available in all states or territories.
Feedback
Any submissions by you to us (e.g., comments, questions, suggestions, materials – collectively, “Feedback”) through any communication whatsoever (e.g., call, fax, email) will be treated as both non-confidential and non-proprietary. You hereby assign all right, title, and interest in, and we are free to use, without any attribution or compensation to you, any ideas, know-how, concepts, techniques, or other intellectual property and proprietary rights contained in the Feedback, whether or not patentable, for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, having manufactured, licensing, marketing, and selling, directly or indirectly, products and services using such Feedback. You understand and agree that we are not obligated to use, display, reproduce, or distribute any such ideas, know-how, concepts, or techniques contained in the Feedback, and you have no right to compel such use, display, reproduction, or distribution.
Dispute resolution and arbitration; class action waiver
READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT REQUIRES THE PARTIES TO ARBITRATE THEIR DISPUTES AND LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF FROM EDUCATION.COM. For any dispute with Education.com, you agree to first contact us at
[email protected]
and attempt to resolve the dispute with us informally. In the unlikely event that Education.com has not been able to resolve a dispute it has with you after sixty (60) days, we each agree to resolve any claim, dispute, or controversy (excluding any claims for injunctive or other equitable relief as provided below) arising out of or in connection with or relating to this agreement, or the breach or alleged breach thereof (collectively, "Claims"), by binding arbitration by JAMS, under the Optional Expedited Arbitration Procedures then in effect for JAMS, except as provided herein. JAMS may be contacted at www.jamsadr.com. The arbitration will be conducted in San Mateo County, California, unless you and we agree otherwise. If you are a School or are using the Service for commercial purposes, each party will be responsible for paying any JAMS filing, administrative and arbitrator fees in accordance with JAMS rules, and the award rendered by the arbitrator shall include costs of arbitration, reasonable attorneys' fees and reasonable costs for expert and other witnesses. If you are an individual using the Service for non-commercial purposes: (i) JAMS may require you to pay a fee for the initiation of your case, unless you apply for and successfully obtain a fee waiver from JAMS; (ii) the award rendered by the arbitrator may include your costs of arbitration, your reasonable attorney's fees, and your reasonable costs for expert and other witnesses; and (iii) you may sue in a small claims court of competent jurisdiction without first engaging in arbitration, but this does not absolve you of your commitment to engage in the informal dispute resolution process. Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Nothing in this Section shall be deemed as preventing Education.com from seeking injunctive or other equitable relief from the courts as necessary to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation, or violation of our data security, Intellectual Property Rights or other proprietary rights.
Class Action/Jury Trial Waiver
WITH RESPECT TO ALL PERSONS AND ENTITIES, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THEY HAVE OBTAINED OR USED THE SERVICE FOR PERSONAL, COMMERCIAL OR OTHER PURPOSES, ALL CLAIMS MUST BE BROUGHT IN THE PARTIES' INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS ACTION, COLLECTIVE ACTION, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. THIS WAIVER APPLIES TO CLASS ARBITRATION, AND, UNLESS WE AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE MORE THAN ONE PERSON'S CLAIMS. YOU AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AND EDUCATION.COM ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION, COLLECTIVE ACTION, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION, OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND.
Severability
If any clause within this Provision (other than the Class Action Waiver clause above) is found to be illegal or unenforceable, that clause will be severed from this Provision whose remainder will be given full force and effect. If the Class Action Waiver clause is found to be illegal or unenforceable, this entire Provision will be unenforceable and the dispute will be decided by a court.
Continuation
This Provision shall survive the termination of your account with us and your discontinued use of the Services. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, we agree that if we make any change to this Provision (other than a change to the Notice Address), you may reject any such change and require us to adhere to the language in this Provision if a dispute between us arises.
GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE
You agree that: (i) the Service shall be deemed solely based in California; and (ii) the Service shall be deemed a passive one that does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over us, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than California. This Agreement shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of California, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. The parties acknowledge that this Agreement evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce. Notwithstanding the preceding sentences with respect to the substantive law, any arbitration conducted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1-16). This Agreement is a contract for the provision of services and not a contract for the sale of goods. The provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC), the Uniform Computer Information Transaction Act (UCITA), or any substantially similar legislation as may be enacted, shall not apply to this Agreement. If you are located outside of the territory of the United States, the parties agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not govern this Agreement or the rights and obligations of the parties under this Agreement.
You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in San Mateo County, California for any actions for which we retain the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of our copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights, as set forth in the Arbitration provision below, including any provisional relief required to prevent irreparable harm. You agree that San Mateo County, California is the proper forum for any appeals of an arbitration award or for trial court proceedings if the arbitration provision below is found to be unenforceable.
General
This Agreement, together with any amendments and any additional agreements you may enter into with Education.com relating to the Service, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements between you and us. We object to and reject any additional or different terms proposed by you, including those contained in your purchase order, acceptance or website. This Agreement may only be superseded by a signed, notarized writing executed by an officer of Education.com. The failure of Education.com to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the Agreement is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Agreement remain in full force and effect. Except for actions for nonpayment or breach of a party's proprietary rights, no action, regardless of form, arising out of or relating to this Agreement may be brought by either party more than one (1) year after the cause of action has accrued. We might make versions of this Agreement or one or more of our Policies available in languages other than English. If we do, the English version of this Agreement and any such Policies will govern our relationship and the translations are provided for convenience only and will not be interpreted to modify the English version of this Agreement or such Policies.
The section titles in this Agreement are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
California consumer notice
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users are entitled to the following consumer rights notice: This website and the Services are provided by Education.com, 777 Mariners Island Blvd., Suite 600, San Mateo CA 94404 . If You have a question or complaint regarding the Service, please contact Customer Service at
[email protected]
. You may also contact us via mail at Education.com, 777 Mariners Island Blvd., Suite 600, San Mateo CA 94404. California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by post at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834 or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210 or Hearing Impaired at TDD (800) 326-2297 or TDD (916) 322-1700.
Contact us
If you have any questions about these Terms or otherwise need to contact us for any reason, you can reach us at
[email protected]
, or by writing to Policies Manager, 777 Mariners Island Blvd., Suite 600, San Mateo CA 94404.
We enable strictly necessary cookies to give you the best possible experience on Education.com.
Cookie Policy
Enable Performance Cookies
Add to collection
Create new collection
Create new collection
Collection name
Save
Cancel
New Collection
0
New Collection
0
items
Sign up to start collecting!
Bookmark this to easily find it later. Then send your curated collection to your children, or put together your own custom lesson plan.
Sign up
Log in
Educational Tools
Learning Library
Worksheets
Games
Interactive Worksheets
Worksheet Generator
Lesson Plans
Common Core Resources
Support
Help center
Pricing
Education.com For Schools
Get a Quote
Give Gift
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Disable Cookies
Disable Cookies
Warning - you are about to disable cookies. If you decide to create an account with us in the future, you will need to enable cookies before doing so.
Opt Out
Connect
Blog
Tell us what you think
About
Company
Careers
Affiliate Program
Press
Reviews
Privacy Policy
COPPA Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
IXL
Comprehensive K-12 personalized learning
Rosetta Stone
Immersive learning for 25 languages
Wyzant
Trusted tutors for 300 subjects
Vocabulary.com
Adaptive learning for English vocabulary
ABCya
Fun educational games for kids
SpanishDictionary.com
Spanish-English dictionary, translator, and learning
Emmersion
Fast and accurate language certification
TPT
Marketplace for millions of educator-created resources
Copyright © 2026 Education.com, Inc, a division of IXL Learning • All Rights Reserved.
Tell us about yourself
I am a:
Parent
Teacher
Homeschool
I'm interested in grades:
Pre-K
K
1st
2nd
3rd
4th
5th
Continue