EL PAÍS English
Skip to content
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
General conditions
IDENTIFICATION DATA
In compliance with the duty of information set down in section 10 of Act 34/2002, of 11 July, on Information Society Services and Electronic Commerce, the following data are shown below: The company that owns this website is EDICIONES EL PAÍS, S.L.U., with address at Calle Miguel Yuste, 40 - 28037 Madrid, with Corporate Tax ID No. B-85635910, entered at the Mercantile Register of Madrid in volume 26.455, folio 157, section 8, sheet M-476760, 1st entry (hereinafter, EDICIONES EL PAÍS).
OBJECT
These are the general terms and conditions (hereinafter “General Conditions”) that regulate the access, browsing and use of the website “elpais.com” (hereinafter “Web Site”) and the responsibilities derived from the use of all its contents. Additionally, EDICIONES EL PAÍS may stablish particular terms and conditions that regulate the access to and/or contracting of specific services made available to users of the Web Site. These specific services shall be subject to their own applicable terms and conditions, which will be accessible via the URL corresponding to each service.
USERS
For the purposes of this document, User shall be understood as the person who accesses, browses or uses the Web Site. The access, browsing or use of the Web Site implies for the User the acceptance of these General Conditions. Therefore, the User must read these General Conditions carefully.
USE OF THE WEB SITE
The Web Site of EDICIONES EL PAÍS provides access to a multitude of information, contents, services, programs or data (hereinafter, “the Contents”) on the Internet that belong to EDICIONES EL PAÍS, its licensors or licensees. The User assumes responsability for the use of the Web Site. This responsability extends to the registration that may be necessary to access certain services or contents. In such registration, the User shall be responsible for providing truthful and lawful information. As a consequence of this registration, the Users may be provided with a password for which they will be solely responsable, undertaking to make diligent and confidential use of it. The User agrees to make appropriate use of the Contents as well as certain services (such as chat services, discussion forums or newsgroups, subscriptions, etc.) that EDICIONES EL PAÍS offers through its Web Site and, by way of example but not limited to, not to use them for (i) engaging in activities that are illicit, illegal or contrary to good faith and public order; (ii) disseminating content or propaganda of a racist, xenophobic, pornographic-illegal nature, in apology of terrorism or in violation of human rights; (iii) cause damage to the physical and logical systems of EDICIONES EL PAÍS, its suppliers or third parties, introduce or disseminate computer viruses or any other physical or logical systems that may be susceptible to causing the aforementioned damage; (iv) attempt to access and, where appropriate, use the email accounts of other Users and modify or manipulate their messages. EDICIONES EL PAÍS reserves the right to remove any comments and contributions that violate the respect for the dignity of the person, which are discriminatory, xenophobic, racist, pornographic, that violate the youth or childhood, order or public safety or, in his opinion, are not suitable for publication. In any case, EDICIONES EL PAÍS will not be responsible for the opinions expressed by Users through forums, chats, or other participation tools; notwithstanding which will take appropriate measures to detect and address complaints about possible illegal activities by them, expressly reserving the possibility of interrupting at any time and without notice, temporarily or permanently, the participation service offered to any User whose content may be considered illegal, prohibited or simply inappropriate, all in accordance with the procedure and rules of participation accessible on elpais.com.
INTELLECTUAL AND INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY
EDICIONES EL PAÍS, author of the collective work or other works and subject matter, is the owner, originally or derivatively, of all intellectual and industrial property rights of the Web Site, as well as of the elements that make up the Contents (including, but not limited to, images, sound, audio, video, software or texts; trademarks or logos, color combinations, structure and design, selection of materials used, computer programs necessary for its operation, access and use, etc.). All rights are expressly reserved. EL PAÍS expressly reserves the rights of reproduction and use the works and other subject matter accessible from this Web Site by machine-readable media or other suitable means in accordance with article 67.3 of Royal Decree-Law 24/2021 of November 2, as well as any use of its Contents by Artificial Intelligence technologies, whatever its nature. By virtue of the provisions of the Intellectual Property Law, the reproduction, transformation, distribution and public communication, including its modality of making available, of all or part of the Contents, whatever their purpose and the means or support used, are expressly prohibited without the authorization of EDICIONES EL PAÍS. The User undertakes to respect the Intellectual and Industrial Property rights owned by EDICIONES EL PAÍS. The User may view the elements of the Web Site provided that it is solely and exclusively for his or her personal and private use. In no case shall it be understood that the User's access and navigation imply a waiver, transmission, license or total or partial transfer of such rights by EDICIONES EL PAÍS. In case the User is interested in an authorization or license to use in any form the Contents of the Web Site, please contact us at the following e-mail address: ventacontenidos@prisamedia.com. Likewise, the User shall refrain from deleting, altering, evading or manipulating any protection device or security system installed on the Web Site of EDICIONES EL PAÍS. It is the User's obligation to immediately notify EDICIONES EL PAÍS of any event that may lead to the improper use of identifiers and/or passwords, such as theft, loss or unauthorized access to them, in order to proceed to their immediate cancellation. Until such events are reported, EDICIONES EL PAÍS will be exempt from any liability that may arise from the misuse of identifiers or passwords by unauthorized third parties. EDICIONES EL PAÍS reserves the right to immediately terminate the profile of a Registered User if it considers, at its sole discretion, that the Registered User is engaging in any activity that constitutes or may constitute a breach of these General Conditions.
EXCLUSION OF GUARANTEES AND LIABILITY
EDICIONES EL PAÍS is not liable, under any circumstances, for damages of any kind that may cause, but not limited to: errors or omissions in the Contents, lack of availability of the portal or the transmission of viruses or malicious or harmful programs in the Contents, despite having taken all the necessary technological measures to prevent it.
MODIFICATIONS
EDICIONES EL PAÍS reserves the right to make unannounced changes it deems appropriate on the Web Site, and may change, delete or add content and services provided through the Web Site and the way in which they are presented or located on the Web Site.
LINKS
In the event that the Web Site contains links or hyperlinks to other Internet sites, EDICIONES EL PAÍS will not exercise any control over such sites and content. Under no circumstances will EDICIONES EL PAÍS assume any responsibility for the contents of any link belonging to a third-party website, nor will it guarantee the technical availability, quality, reliability, accuracy, comprehensiveness, truthfulness, validity and constitutionality of any material or information contained in any of these hyperlinks or other Internet sites. Likewise, the inclusion of these external connections shall not imply any type of association, merger or participation with the connected entities.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, some links will be previously negotiated or agreed with the person responsible for the linked content, so as to generate a consideration for the actions freely performed by the User. This situation shall in no way affect the exclusion of liability for the linked content or the independence of this media outlet.
ADVERTISING AND OTHER CONTENT OR SERVICES
Through the Web Site, EDICIONES EL PAÍS provides spaces for third parties to advertise their products or services; in these cases, the third party that owns the advertised product or service will be responsible for the advertising content; EDICIONES EL PAÍS will not be responsible for the content or message conveyed by such advertising. Also, through the Web Site, EDICIONES EL PAÍS may enable third parties to advertise or provide their services.. In these cases, EDICIONES EL PAÍS will not be responsible for establishing the general and specific conditions to be taken into account in the use, provision or contracting of these services by third parties and, therefore, cannot be held responsible for them.
USER GENERATED CONTENT
In the event that the User submits content of any kind to the Website, including but not limited to still photographs, videos, texts, information, databases, sound recordings or any other works or services, the user warrants and agrees that the uses thereof in accordance with these Terms and Conditions do not infringe any intellectual or industrial property right, image right, honor or privacy, duty of confidentiality, trade secret or any other third party right. In the event that these contents are images in which third parties are identified, directly or indirectly, the User guarantees that the person or persons are of legal age and have expressly and unequivocally consented to the capture of their image, as well as its reproduction and public dissemination. In the event that the person whose image is reproduced is a minor, the User guarantees that he/she has obtained the express and unequivocal consent for the capture, reproduction and public dissemination of the image from the holders of parental authority or legal guardian of the minor and may prove it at any time he/she is required to do so. The User shall hold EDICIONES EL PAÍS harmless with respect to the contents of this section. Likewise, the user grants EDICIONES EL PAÍS a non-exclusive license to use this content for use on the Web Site, until it enters the public domain and for the entire world territory. The news contained on this Web Site may contain personal data of persons who are newsworthy due to their public relevance, their public notoriety or due to circumstances arising from events of public interest in which they are the protagonists.
RIGHT OF EXCLUSION
EDICIONES EL PAÍS reserves the right to deny or withdraw access to its Web Site and/or the services offered without prior notice, at its own request or at the request of a third party, to those Users who fail to comply with these General Conditions.
GENERAL
EDICIONES EL PAÍS will prosecute any breach of the General Conditions as well as any improper use of the Contents and/or the Web Site, exercising all civil and criminal actions to which it may be entitled by law.
MODIFICATION OF THESE CONDITIONS AND DURATION
EDICIONES EL PAÍS may modify at any time the General Conditions, being duly published as they appear here. The validity of the General Conditions will depend on their exposure and will remain in force until they are modified by other conditions duly published.
© EDICIONES EL PAIS, S.L. Miguel Yuste, 40 – 28037 Madrid.
HOLA
Subscribe for € 1
My activity
My Subscription
My personal data
My newsletters
Rights and de-registration
Events and experiences
Asistente Vera IA
logout
Close
change contrast:
Buscar
Select:
- - -
España
América
México
Colombia
Chile
Argentina
US Español
US English
If you want to follow all the latest news without any limits, subscribe to EL PAÍS for just €1 the first month
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Follow on:
El País in English on Facebook
El País in English on Twitter
El País in English on Youtube
El País in English on Instagram
Close