Privacy and Terms of Use | Empower EMR
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 5/29/25
Section 1 – Introduction
Your privacy is one of our top concerns and priorities here at Empower EMR by MerlinWave, Inc. The term privacy encompasses anything relating to the management and protection of your personally identifiable information. This privacy policy was written to make our users aware of our policies regarding these matters.
BY USING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE; IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT USE THE SITE.
Section 2 – Data Collection
Our servers and the servers of our subcontractors, agents, or affiliates may be collecting IP addresses and other information to create statistics for us to provide you with better service. Your data is held in the strictest privacy. Your personally identifiable data will not be rented or sold to any third parties without your consent. We may, however, aggregate data and share such data with others.
In addition to other tools, we use Clicky to log and analyze the traffic to our web site. You may review Clicky’s privacy policy at https://clicky.com/terms/privacy. A “Unique ID” tracking cookie is used for the legitimate purpose of identifying unique visitors, but otherwise no “personal data” is logged by Clicky.
Section 3 – Use of Cookies
MerlinWave, Inc. may utilize cookies for the purposes of creating site statistics as well as logging users into our product and their personal data. Disabling cookies may cause problems in accessing your account.
Section 4 – Limitation of Liability and Indemnity
In no event will MerlinWave, Inc. be liable to you for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental or punitive damages, including lost profits, even if MerlinWave, Inc. has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
You agree to indemnify and hold MerlinWave, Inc, its officers, directors, shareholders, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries and affiliates, harmless from any demands, loss, liability, claims or expenses (including attorneys’ fees), made against MerlinWave, Inc. by any third party due to or arising out of or in connection with your use of the Site.
Section 5 – Disclaimer
We are not responsible for any damage incurred to you personally or to any of your property as a result of visiting our sites (including but not limited to merlinwave.com, empoweremr.com). In addition, we offer no warranty for visiting this site either explicitly or implied.
We are also not responsible for any typographical errors in our website that may cause you or any of your property damage.
Section 6 – Information provided on our site and on our blog
The information contained in https://www.empoweremr.com is for general information purposes only. While we endeavor to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on https://www.empoweremr.com for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of https://www.empoweremr.com.
We do provide links to other websites which are not under our control. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Section 7 – Trademarks and Copyrights and Patents
Our entire site including but not limited to content, design, and all the literal words are Copyrighted © by MerlinWave, Inc. 2004-.  All rights reserved.
Any portion of our site may be protected by patents or patent pending status as registered with the United States Patent Trade Office at any time.
Pages may not be copied, reproduced, or distributed in any way, shape, or form without expressed written consent from MerlinWave, Inc.
All other trademarks (typically indicated by the ™ or ®) are all owned by their respective owners. Unless otherwise specified, such trademarks are used under the fair use doctrine.
Section 8 – Changes to this agreement
This Privacy and Terms of Use agreement is subject to change at any time. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree to the changes. You can easily tell when there is a change by checking at the bottom left of this document to see the “Effective Date.”
Effective Date: 5/29/25
Questions may be directed to: Contact us
The PT EMR platform built on automation.
Schedule Demo
Product
AI and Automations
Kiosk Check-In
Marketing & Reputation Management
Patient Portal
Communication
Appointment Reminders
Home Exercise Program
Outcomes
Reporting and Practice Management
Billing
Documentation
Scheduling
Features
Easy to Use
Medicare Compliance Tools
HIPAA Compliant
Customizable
100% Web-Based
How Do We Compare?
Compare
Casamba
Alternative
ReDoc
Alternative
TherapySource
Alternative
Net Health
Alternative
WebPT®
Alternative
Resources
Blog
Guides
More info
FAQs
Philosophy
About us
Contact
Privacy Policy
© 2026 MerlinWave, Inc.