Enterprise Car Sales - Terms of Use
Home
>
TERMS OF USE
TERMS OF USE
Enterprise Car Sales
Website Terms of Use
Last Updated: March 01, 2019
INTRODUCTION
EAN Services, LLC (Enterprise or We) provides this Website (Site) for your use, subject to these Terms of Use and all applicable laws and regulations. Please read these Terms of Use carefully. By accessing and/or using the Site, you fully and unconditionally accept and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use, including binding arbitration. If you do not agree to them, please do not visit or use the Site. Enterprise reserves the right to revise these Terms of Use, so please check back periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Use constitutes your acceptance of those changes. Updates will be evidenced by a more recent Last Updated date at the top of this page. All changes are effective immediately when We post them, and apply to use of the Website thereafter.
USE OF THE SITE
Enterprise maintains the Site for your non-commercial personal use. Your use of the Site for any other purpose is permissible only upon the express prior written consent of Enterprise. Without limiting the foregoing, you may not: (1) use the Site in a commercial manner, including by distributing, transmitting or publishing the Site or any of its content; (2) interfere with others’ use of the Site; (3) impair the Site’s operation or interfere with or disrupt the servers or networks connected to it; (4) interfere with Enterprise’s intellectual property rights; (5) frame or otherwise co-brand the Site or any of its content; (6) deep-link to any portion of the Site; or (7) use the Site for any illegal purpose. We reserve the right in our sole discretion to terminate or restrict your use of the Site, without notice, for any or no reason, and without liability to you or any third party. In such event, we may inform your Internet service provider of your activities and take appropriate legal action.
SITE MODIFICATIONS
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify, suspend or discontinue any part of the Site at any time, without notice or liability to you or any third party. We also reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to impose limits on certain features and services.
PRIVACY POLICY
Enterprise takes your privacy seriously. Any information submitted on or collected through the Site is subject to our
Privacy Policy
, the terms of which are incorporated into these Terms of Use.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
The Site may include links to third-party Websites. Enterprise does not control and is not responsible for the content or privacy policies of any linked site, and the inclusion of any link on the Site does not imply our endorsement of it.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
By using the Site, you consent to receiving electronic communications and notices from Enterprise. You agree that any notice, agreement, disclosure or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing.
TEXT MESSAGING TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Enterprise Car Sales Notification Program offers text messaging that provides appointment reminders and alerts about your Car Sales transaction on your mobile device. Please see the terms and conditions below for full details.
Text messaging service is only available in the US. Msg&Data Rates May Apply.
By opting in to receive appointment reminders and alerts from Enterprise Car Sales you agree to the below Terms and Conditions as well as our
Privacy Policy
.
Usage
Text messages are sent through third party mobile network providers, therefore, Enterprise Car Sales cannot guarantee 100% message delivery. Delivery of SMS messages is subject to effective transmission from your wireless service provider/network operator.
Opt In
You will receive a confirmation SMS (Short Message Service) from Enterprise Car Sales upon opt in. Messages and frequency of appointment reminders and alerts may vary. You will typically receive a text message to confirm or change appointments or to notify you of developments with your transaction. Reply “C” to confirm that you want Enterprise Car Sales (or those acting on its behalf) to continue sending appointment reminders and alerts to the number(s) you provided, including texts placed with the use of an automated telephone dialing system. Your consent to receive these texts is not a condition of any purchase or rental transaction.
Opt Out
You may opt out by text messaging “STOP” to 32277 from your mobile device. You may also opt out by text messaging “STOP” in response to any Car Sales text message that is received.
Help
For help, text “HELP” to 32277, email CSTechSolutions2@ehi.com or call our toll-free number 888-533-2117.
Carriers Supported (U.S. only)
AT&T, Sprint/Boost/Virgin, T-Mobile/MetroPCS, Verizon Wireless, C Spire Wireless, Carolina West Wireless (CWW), CellCom USA, Google Voice, U.S. Cellular, ACS/Alaska, Advantage Cellular (DTC Wireless), Aio Wireless/Cricket, Appalachian Wireless, Atlantic Tele-Network International (ATN), Bandwidth, Bluegrass Cellular, Buffalo Wireless, CableVision, Cellular Network Partnership (PIONEER), Cellular One of East Central Illinois, Chariton Valley Cellular, Chat Mobility USA, ClearTalk(Flat Wireless), Copper Valley, Coral Wireless (Mobi PCS), Cross Telephone Company (MBO Wireless), Duet IP (Maximum Communications New Core Wireless), Element Mobile (Flat Wireless), Epic Touch (Elkhart Telephone), GCI Communications Corp, Golden State Cellular, i Wireless (IOWA Wireless), Illinois Valley Cellular (IV Cellular), Immix(Keystone Wireless), Inland Cellular Telephone Company, Leaco, Mosaic (Consolidated or CTC Telecom), MTA Communications, MTPCS (Cellular One Nation), Nex-Tech Wireless, Northwest Missouri Cellular Limited, Panhandle Telecommunications Systems(PTCI), Peoples Wireless, Pine Belt Wireless, Pine Cellular, Revol Wireless USA, RINA, Sagebrush Cellular (Nemont), SI Wireless/Mobile Nation, SouthernLinc, SRT Wireless, Texas RSA 3 Ltd(Plateau Wireless), Thumb Cellular, Union Telephone Company(Union Wireless), United Wireless, Viaero Wireless, West Central Wireless (5 Star Wireless).
T-Mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
Warranty
The text messages are offered on an “as is” basis and: (1) may not be available in all areas at all times; and (2) may not continue to work in the event of product, software, coverage or other service changes made by your wireless carrier. Enterprise Car Sales may change or discontinue its text program without notice or liability to you. Enterprise Car Sales and its related companies and each of their respective officers, directors, and employees are not responsible and shall not be liable for any losses or injuries of any kind resulting, directly or indirectly, from any Enterprise Car Sales text message or from technical failures or delays of any kind. Enterprise Car Sales reserves the right to cease delivery of text messages to any person at any time in its sole discretion.
Fees
Enterprise Car Sales does not charge a fee for this service. Standard messaging and data rates may apply. Enterprise Car Sales assumes no responsibility for any fees your carrier service may charge as a result of signing up for this text messaging service. Any text messaging fees that you incur will be billed on your individual wireless bill.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
All copyrightable text, graphics, sound, downloads, software and other material (collectively, the “Content”), the selection, compilation, arrangement and presentation of all materials, and the overall design of the Site are copyrighted by Enterprise and are protected by law. All rights reserved. You may print a copy of the Content on your computer only for your own personal, non-commercial home use, provided that you do not remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices from the Content. Any other use of the Content is strictly prohibited, unless you have our prior written permission. The Site may also contain content that is owned by third parties, including our advertisers. You may use such third-party content only as expressly authorized by the applicable owner. All requests for permission to reprint or make any other use of the Content should be addressed to Intellectual Property Manager, Copyright Reprint Permission, 600 Corporate Park Drive, St. Louis, Missouri 63105 or
nicadmin@erac.com
. Enterprise does not warrant that your use of materials displayed on or linked to the Site will not infringe the rights of third parties.
ENTERPRISE, the “e” logo, WWW.ENTERPRISE.COM, ENTERPRISE.COM, Enterprise Car Sales, “Haggle-Free Buying,” “Worry-free Ownership,” WE’LL PICK YOU UP, ARMS, ECARS, MONTH OR MORE, CORPORATE CLASS, EVERYDAY SALE are included in the family of trademarks and service marks owned by Enterprise (this is not an all-inclusive list of Enterprise’s trademarks and service marks). Trademarks and service marks designated with the “®” symbol are registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and with numerous foreign countries. Other trademarks and service marks belonging to Enterprise may be designated with the “SM” or “TM” symbols. Our trademarks and service marks may not be used in connection with any product or service without our prior written permission. All other brands, trademarks and names not owned by Enterprise that appear on the Site are the property of their respective owners, who may or not be affiliated with, connected to or endorsed by Enterprise.
Enterprise has a number of pending patent applications, both US and foreign, covering various aspects of this Site, and users are cautioned from copying, adopting, using or otherwise borrowing any techniques, menu operations, or other functional aspects or features as doing so may well result in liability for patent infringement.
CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
If you in believe that materials posted on the Site violate your intellectual property rights, please contact Enterprise at Intellectual Property Manager, Intellectual Property Questions, 600 Corporate Park Drive, St. Louis, Missouri 63105 or
nicadmin@erac.com
. Please include: (1) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other proprietary interest; (2) a description of the copyrighted work or other protected material that you claim has been infringed upon; (3) a description of where the material is located on the Site; (4) your address, telephone number and e-mail address; (5) your statement that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or other interest owner, its agent or the law; and (6) your statement, made under penalty of perjury, that the information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or other interest owner or are authorized to act on the owner’s behalf.
USE OF INFORMATION SUBMITTED
You agree that Enterprise is free to use any comments, information or ideas contained in any communication you may send to us, without compensation, acknowledgement or payment to you, for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products and services and creating, modifying or improving the Site or other products or services.
NO WARRANTY
While we use our reasonable efforts to maintain the accuracy and reliability of the Site, we do not warrant or represent that it will always function or be error-free. We assume no responsibility or liability for errors or omissions on the Site or for problems with its operation. Your access and use of the Site are at your own risk. Without limiting the foregoing, THE SITE, ITS CONTENT AND ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE OFFERED THROUGH IT ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE,” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties, so the above may not apply to you.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT SHALL ENTERPRISE, ITS RELATED COMPANIES, AND EACH SUCH COMPANY’S DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR ACCESS, USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE SITE.
The foregoing limitation of liability is not applicable to residents of New Jersey. With respect to residents of New Jersey, Enterprise, its related companies, and each such company’s directors, officers, employees and agent are not liable for any damages unless such damages are the result of our negligent or reckless acts or omissions; and We are not, in any case liable for indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain damages, so the above may not apply to you. If any authority holds any portion of this section to be unenforceable, then liability will be limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify and hold Enterprise and its related companies and each of their respective directors, officers, employees and agents harmless from and against any third-party claim or cause of action, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, arising, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, out of your violation of any law or the rights of any person.
BINDING ARBITRATION
You agree that any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to the Site or use of the Site or these Terms, other than claims relating to infringement of copyright or other intellectual property, may only be settled by binding arbitration in accordance with the Paragraph or alternatively, you may assert your claims in small claims court if your claims qualify and so long as the matter remains in such court and advances only on an individual (non-class, non-representative) basis. The arbitration must be held in a location determined by the arbitrator as set forth herein (provided that such location is reasonably convenient for you), or at such other location as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties, in accordance with the applicable procedural rules set forth in the then prevailing Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures of JAMS (“JAMS Rules and Procedures”), and judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The JAMS Rules and Procedures are available at www.jamsadr.com or by calling (800) 352-5267. The arbitrator must be selected pursuant to the JAMS Rules and Procedures. The arbitrator shall apply Missouri law consistent with the Federal Arbitration Act and applicable statutes of limitations, and shall honor claims of privilege recognized at law. If you initiate arbitration against Enterprise, you will not be responsible for professional fees for the arbitrator’s services or any other JAMS fees. If You are able to demonstrate that the costs of arbitration will be cost-prohibitive or greater than the costs of litigation, Enterprise will pay as much of your filing and hearing fees in connection with the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive or more expensive than the cost of litigation. If any part of this arbitration provision is deemed to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal (other than that claims will not be arbitrated on a class or representative basis), or otherwise conflicts with the rules and procedures established by JAMS, then the balance of this arbitration provision remains in effect and must be construed in accordance with its terms as if the invalid, unenforceable, illegal or conflicting provision were not contained herein. If, however, the portion that is deemed invalid, unenforceable or illegal is that claims will not be arbitrated on a class or representative basis, then the entirety of this arbitration provision is null and void, and neither You nor Enterprise is entitled to arbitrate their dispute. THE ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES PURSUANT TO THIS PARAGRAPH MUST BE IN YOUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE OR JOIN THE CLAIMS OF OTHER PERSONS OR PARTIES WHO MAY BE SIMILARLY SITUATED.
BY AGREEING TO THE ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES AS SET FORTH HEREIN, YOU AGREE THAT YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL AND LIMITING YOUR RIGHT TO APPEAL AND YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHTS TO MAINTAIN OTHER AVAILABLE RESOLUTION PROCESSES, SUCH AS A COURT ACTION.
DISPUTES
These Terms of Use are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Missouri, United States of America, without regard to its conflict of law principles. Any action to enforce these Terms of Use regarding a claim not subject to binding arbitration must be brought in the federal court in the Eastern District of Missouri or the state courts located in St. Louis County, Missouri. By using the Site, you consent to the jurisdiction and venue of these courts. Except where prohibited, you agree that any and all disputes, claims and causes of action directly or indirectly arising out of the Site must be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action. This limitation does not apply to residents of New Jersey. Any claim or cause of action you may have with respect to the Site must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises, regardless of any law to the contrary. This limitation does not apply to residents of New Jersey.
GENERAL
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held to be invalid or unenforceable, that provision must be construed consistent with applicable law, and the remaining provisions must be enforced. Headings are for reference purposes only and in no way define, limit, construe or describe the scope of such section. Our failure to enforce any provision of these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of that or any other provision. These Terms of Use set forth the entire agreement between you and Enterprise in connection with your use of the Site.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about these Terms of Use, please contact us at
cscustservice@ehi.com
.
Recent Arrivals
Browse New Inventory
28+ MPG Hwy Vehicles
Browse High Fuel-Economy Inventory
Facebook-square
Youtube
Twitter X Wht
Instagram
888-227-7253
Used vehicles were previously part of the Enterprise rental fleet and/or an affiliated company’s lease fleet or purchased by Enterprise from sources including auto auctions, customer trade-ins or from other sources, with a possible previous use including rental, lease, transportation network company or other use.
Quick Links
Purchase Used Cars
Buy a Car
Trade a Car
Apply for Financing
Find a Location
About Us
How Enterprise Makes It Easy
Careers
Articles
Mobility Solutions
Car Rental
Truck Rental
Exotic Car Rental
CarShare
Commute with Enterprise
For Business
Buying for Business
Business Rental Program
Fleet Management
Home
About Enterprise Car Sales
Contact Us
Customers with Disabilities
Sitemap
Automotive websites by
Jazel
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Consumer Health Data Privacy Statement
Privacy Choices
AdChoices
Used vehicles were previously part of the Enterprise rental fleet and/or an affiliated company’s lease fleet or purchased by Enterprise from sources including auto auctions, customer trade-ins or from other sources, with a possible previous use including rental, lease, transportation network company or other use.
The “e” logo, Enterprise, “Enterprise Certified®”, “Enterprise Car Sales”  & “Buy. Sell. Trade. Enterprise makes it easy.®” are all trademarks of Enterprise Holdings, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. © 2025 Enterprise Holdings, Inc., 600 Corporate Park Dr., St. Louis, MO 63105, USA
Enterprise Used Cars for Sale
All of our used car dealerships offer no-haggle pricing, which makes it easy to compare national car sales online and find
used car deals
now at Enterprise car dealers near you. We offer a low-pressure used car sales experience to help you find quality used vehicles and rental cars for sale. Enterprise auto dealerships offer a wide variety of
low mileage used cars
for sale to fit your budget. Visit our nearby used car dealerships in your area to shop cars for sale. Compare
used car prices
on
sedans
,
coupes
,
convertibles
,
hatchbacks
,
wagon
s,
sport utility
,
crossovers
,
hybrids
,
electric
, and
luxury cars
.
When you buy used cars from Enterprise Car Sales, you get our
7-day buyback
, so if you change your mind, we’ll buy a car back with no questions asked. Compare used cars for sale by owner to our used car dealerships. Enterprise gives you up to 7 days or 1,000 mile return policy, which can help ensure your satisfaction when buying a used car. Plus, our used vehicles and rental cars for sale come with an Enterprise vehicle certification, 12/12
limited powertrain warranty
and 12-month unlimited
roadside assistance
.
Enterprise Car Sales inventory includes
used cars
,
trucks
,
vans
and
SUVs
that may be selected from the Enterprise Rent-A-Car fleet. Our used car website offers a large selection of used cars for sale near you, including:
Chevy
,
Honda
,
Ford
,
Toyota
,
Dodge
,
Ram
,
Nissan
,
Hyundai
,
Kia
,
Chrysler
,
Mazda
,
Mitsubishi
,
Jeep
,
Volkswagen
,
GMC
,
Buick
,
BMW
,
Mercedes-Benz
,
Cadillac
,
Lincoln
,
Volvo
,
Infiniti
,
Lexus
,
Acura
,
Audi
,
Subaru
,
Land Rover
,
Fiat
. Research our best offers on used auto sales to find
low price cars
for sale nationwide. Learn more about used car sales offers and
car trade-in values
at Enterprise Car Sales. Search Ecars listings to
shop cars online
. Find the
location
of Enterprise car dealerships nearby and hours open today.
Email me
about upcoming Enterprise offers.
Used Cars Alabama
Used Cars Arizona
Used Cars California
Used Cars Colorado
Used Cars Connecticut
Used Cars Delaware
Used Cars Florida
Used Cars Georgia
Used Cars Illinois
Used Cars Indiana
Used Cars Iowa
Used Cars Kansas
Used Cars Kentucky
Used Cars Louisiana
Used Cars Maryland
Used Cars Massachusetts
Used Cars Michigan
Used Cars Minnesota
Used Cars Missouri
Used Cars Nebraska
Used Cars Nevada
Used Cars New Hampshire
Used Cars New Jersey
Used Cars New Mexico
Used Cars New York
Used Cars North Carolina
Used Cars Ohio
Used Cars Oklahoma
Used Cars Oregon
Used Cars Pennsylvania
Used Cars South Carolina
Used Cars Texas
Used Cars Tennessee
Used Cars Utah
Used Cars Virginia
Used Cars Washington
Used Cars West Virginia
Used Cars Wisconsin
Call
Locations
Shop
Terms & Conditions
1
Vehicle Price includes all costs to be paid by a consumer, except for licensing costs, registration fees, and taxes; also not included are title registration, tag, governmental fees, electronic filing charges (excluding CO), any emissions testing and/or state inspection fees, transfer fee, and any finance charges (if applicable). Price does not include processing, administrative, dealer conveyance fee, closing, dealer and handling, or similar fees of $409 or less, except in the following states where the advertised vehicle price is inclusive of this fee: CO, GA, IA, IN, KY, MA, NE, NH, NJ, and SC. In WA state, a documentary service fee in an amount up to $200 may be added to the purchase price or capitalized cost.
Enterprise sells vehicles through licensed vehicle dealer subsidiaries that may charge varying fees based upon their cost structures.  Those dealers advertise jointly on this website. Vehicles subject to prior sale. We make every effort to provide accurate information including but not limited to price, miles and vehicle options, but please verify with your local Enterprise Car Sales location before purchasing. Current mileage may vary due to test drives and vehicle relocation. Used vehicles were previously part of Enterprise short-term rental and/or lease fleet or purchased by Enterprise from other sources including auto auctions, with previous use possibly short-term rental, lease or other.
2
EPA fuel economy ratings are provided by the vehicle manufacturer and may vary with vehicle use, condition and driving habits.
3
Payment based on amount financed for month term APR chosen when customer estimated payment using the site calculator. These calculators are for educational purposes only. Calculator results do not include tax, title, tags, governmental fees, and emissions testing charges. Calculator results does not include processing, administrative, closing, dealer and handling, or similar fees of $409 or less, except in the following states where the advertised No-Haggle price is inclusive of this fee: CO, FL, GA, IA, IN, KY, MA, NE, NH, NJ, and SC. Terms do not necessarily represent actual available credit terms. We do not guarantee the accuracy of the credit figures, or their applicability to your circumstances. We encourage you to seek advice from qualified financial service professionals regarding all your personal finance needs.  We encourage you to seek advice from qualified financial service professionals regarding all your personal finance needs.
4
Copyright © 2026 by Kelley Blue Book Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved. Blue Book is a trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co., Inc. The specific information required to determine the value for each used vehicle is supplied by the dealer (or by a third party on behalf of the dealer). used Vehicle valuations are approximations and vary by vehicle, region, mileage, condition and vehicle options. Kelley Blue Book assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions.
Terms & Conditions
1
Vehicle Price includes all costs to be paid by a consumer, except for licensing costs, registration fees, and taxes; also not included are title registration, tag, governmental fees, electronic filing charges (excluding CO), any emissions testing and/or state inspection fees, transfer fee, and any finance charges (if applicable). Price does not include processing, administrative, dealer conveyance fee, closing, dealer and handling, or similar fees of $409 or less, except in the following states where the advertised vehicle price is inclusive of this fee: CO, GA, IA, IN, KY, MA, NE, NH, NJ, and SC. In WA state, a documentary service fee in an amount up to $200 may be added to the purchase price or capitalized cost.
Enterprise sells vehicles through licensed vehicle dealer subsidiaries that may charge varying fees based upon their cost structures.  Those dealers advertise jointly on this website. Vehicles subject to prior sale. We make every effort to provide accurate information including but not limited to price, miles and vehicle options, but please verify with your local Enterprise Car Sales location before purchasing. Current mileage may vary due to test drives and vehicle relocation. Used vehicles were previously part of Enterprise short-term rental and/or lease fleet or purchased by Enterprise from other sources including auto auctions, with previous use possibly short-term rental, lease or other.
2
EPA fuel economy ratings are provided by the vehicle manufacturer and may vary with vehicle use, condition and driving habits.
3
Payment based on amount financed for month term APR chosen when customer estimated payment using the site calculator. These calculators are for educational purposes only. Calculator results do not include tax, title, tags, governmental fees, and emissions testing charges. Calculator results does not include processing, administrative, closing, dealer and handling, or similar fees of $409 or less, except in the following states where the advertised No-Haggle price is inclusive of this fee: CO, FL, GA, IA, IN, KY, MA, NE, NH, NJ, and SC. Terms do not necessarily represent actual available credit terms. We do not guarantee the accuracy of the credit figures, or their applicability to your circumstances. We encourage you to seek advice from qualified financial service professionals regarding all your personal finance needs.
Terms & Conditions
recent-model year:
75% of vehicles available for sale are 1-3 year old model vehicles & include at least 250 makes and models.
more passenger vehicles:
Based on IHS Markit Commercial New Registrations for January to December 2018.
Kelley Blue Book®:
Kelley Blue Book Trade-In Values used by Enterprise are obtained from ©2018 Kelley Blue Book Co.’s website KBB.com. Kelley Blue Book Trade-In Value is based on accurate condition rating & mileage of vehicle. Accurately appraising the condition of the vehicle is an important aspect of determining its Kelley Blue Book Trade-In Value. Kelley Blue Book valuation adjustments for vehicle mileage disproportionate to the age of the vehicle may be capped by Enterprise Car Sales at 20% of the vehicle’s base value. If a Kelley Blue Book Trade-In value is not available for customer’s vehicle Enterprise will provide a fair & competitive value for customer’s vehicle. Customer is responsible to any extent vehicle pay-off exceeds Enterprise offer. Customer must provide required proof of ownership/registration & all other necessary paperwork to transfer title. Restrictions apply. See a Sales Consultant for details or call 1-888-227-7253. Offer void where prohibited.
CARFAX Vehicle History Report™:
A free CARFAX Vehicle History Report™ is available for every vehicle we sell.
limited powertrain warranty:
Limited warranty begins on vehicle purchase date and extends for 12 months or 12,000 miles, whichever comes first. Restrictions apply. For details, see an Enterprise Car Sales Manager or call 1-888-227-7253.
roadside assistance:
Enterprise 12-Month Unlimited Mileage Roadside Assistance Package is provided by RESPONSE, a Florida Entity. Some limitations & restrictions apply.
change your mind:
For a period of 7 days after the date of purchase or 1,000 miles beyond the odometer reading at purchase, whichever comes first, the vehicle may be returned for the exact price originally paid minus a $200 restocking fee, (as allowed by law). Restrictions apply. See a Sales Consultant for details.
Our customer service rating has an average of 4.7 stars:
According to Reputation.com over last two years, 1/1/17 – 9/19/18
Enterprise Car Sales - We Transfer Cars
The ZIP code you entered indicated that
is your nearest location.
                    We'll be happy to transfer any vehicle from another location to
.
Local Transfers
We offer free transfers of any vehicle within the metro area to
,
                    your nearest location. To start the transfer process, just give us a call at
and an Enterprise representative will assist you. Certain restrictions apply.
Non-Local Transfers
Any vehicle outside the metro area can be transferred to
,
                    your nearest location by following this simple transfer process.
Contact
, your nearest location
                            at
and an Enterprise representative can answer any of your questions about the vehicle and the transfer process.
If after speaking with an Enterprise representative you determine that you would like to transfer
                            this vehicle, a non-refundable transfer fee is required to begin the transfer process.
Bring your transfer payment to
,
                            your nearest location. Once transfer fee is paid, the request to transfer the vehicle will be completed.
                            Please note the time it takes to transfer a non-local vehicle varies by distance.
Enter Your Zip Code
Your dealership:
Detecting Nearest Rooftop
Nearest Rooftop Unknown
Enter a ZIP code or allow us to use your location to change your store.
ZIP Code
(5 digit US ZIP Code)
Locate
OR
Use My Location
Contact Us
First Name
*
Last Name
*
E-Mail Address
*
ZIP
*
Phone Number
*
Type
*
Select
Mobile
Home
Work
Comments
By providing my phone number and email address, I agree that Enterprise Car Sales or its representatives may contact me by phone, email, or text (including via auto-dialer) to respond to my inquiry or regarding my interest in a vehicle purchase.
Please email me about upcoming offers from Enterprise. View our
Privacy Policy
.
Email
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
apply.