1 Terms and definitions
1.1. Goods or Services – the object of the agreement between the parties, which was selected by the Buyer on the Online Store website and placed in the cart, or already purchased by the Buyer from the Seller remotely.

1.2. Online store – the Seller's website at www.epicentrk.ua, created for the conclusion of retail and wholesale purchase and sale agreements based on the Buyer's familiarization with the description of the Goods offered by the Seller via the Internet.

1.3. Buyer - a legally capable individual who has reached the age of 18, receives information from the Seller and places an order to purchase goods presented on the website of the Online Store for purposes not related to entrepreneurial activity, or a legal entity or an individual entrepreneur.

1.4. Seller – Limited Liability Company “Epicenter K” (ID number 32490244), a legal entity established and operating in accordance with the current legislation of Ukraine, whose registered office is: 04128 Kyiv, Berkovetska St., 6-K. The Seller may also be another legal entity or an individual entrepreneur who places information on the Site about the goods it sells and/or the services it offers. The name of the Seller is indicated in the Product card on the Site and in the documents for the transfer of the Goods to the Buyer.

2 Subject of the contract and procedure for its conclusion
2.1. The Seller undertakes to transfer ownership of the Goods to the Buyer, and the Buyer undertakes to pay for and accept the Goods under the terms of this Agreement.

2.2. The date of conclusion of the Offer Agreement (acceptance of the offer) and the moment of full and unconditional acceptance by the Buyer of the terms of the Agreement is the date of filling out the order form by the Buyer located on the website of the Online Store, provided that the Buyer receives an order confirmation from the Seller in electronic form. If necessary, at the Buyer's request, the Agreement may be drawn up in writing.

2.3. In cases provided for by the current legislation of Ukraine, the Seller provides the Buyer with a settlement document of the established form and content, created in paper and/or electronic form. A settlement document in electronic form is provided to the Buyer in any of the following ways: by displaying a QR code on the display of the software register of settlement operations (the display of the device on which the software register of settlement operations is installed), which allows a person to read it and identify it with the settlement document according to the data structure contained in it; by sending an electronic settlement document to the subscriber number or e-mail address provided by the Buyer; by displaying it in the user's account on the website or in the Seller's application; in another way provided for by the current legislation of Ukraine. In the case of ordering goods on post-payment terms with delivery by postal means, the Buyer agrees to receive an electronic check.

3 Ordering procedure
3.1. The Buyer independently places an order in the Online Store through the "cart" form, or by placing an order by e-mail or by phone number specified in the contacts section of the Online Store.

3.2. The Seller has the right to refuse to transfer the order to the Buyer if the information provided by the Buyer when placing the order is incomplete or raises suspicions about its validity.

4 Product Price
4.1 Prices for Goods and services are determined by the Seller independently and indicated on the website of the Online Store. All prices for Goods and services are indicated on the website in hryvnias including VAT.

4.2 Prices for Goods and services may be changed unilaterally by the Seller depending on market conditions. However, the price of a single unit of Goods, the cost of which has been paid in full by the Buyer, may not be changed unilaterally by the Seller.

4.3. The cost of delivery of the Goods and other related services is indicated on the website of the Online Store.

5 Rights and obligations of the parties
5.1. The Seller is obliged to:
5.1.1. Transfer the goods to the Buyer in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Buyer's order.
5.1.2. Not to disclose any private information about the Buyer and not to provide access to this information to third parties, except in cases provided for by law or at the request of the Buyer himself.

5.2. The Seller has the right to:
5.2.1 Change the terms of this Agreement, as well as the Tariffs (prices) for Goods and Services, unilaterally, by posting them on the website of the Online Store. All changes shall enter into force from the moment of their publication.

5.2.2. To withdraw from the purchase and sale agreement if the buyer, without sufficient reason, delays accepting the goods for more than 30 calendar days from the date the Seller made the goods available to the buyer at the location of such goods in accordance with the terms of the confirmed order, or if the Buyer refused to accept it.

5.3. The Buyer undertakes:
5.3.1 Before concluding the Agreement, to familiarize himself with the content of the Agreement, the terms of the Agreement and the tariffs (prices) offered by the Seller on the website of the Online Store.
5.3.2 In order for the Seller to fulfill its obligations to the Buyer, the latter must provide all necessary data that uniquely identifies him as the Buyer and is sufficient for the delivery of the ordered Goods to the Buyer.

5.3.3. Accept the ordered goods, except in cases where the Buyer has the right to demand their replacement or to withdraw from the purchase and sale agreement. The Buyer is obliged to take all necessary actions to ensure the transfer and receipt of possession of the goods.

6 Terms of return of Goods
6.1. The Buyer has the right to return to the Seller non-food goods of proper quality, if the goods did not satisfy him in shape, dimensions, style, color, size or for other reasons cannot be used by him for its intended purpose. The Buyer has the right to return goods of proper quality within 14 (fourteen) days, excluding the day of purchase. The return of goods of proper quality is carried out if it was not used and if its presentation, consumer properties, seals, labels, as well as the invoice document issued to the consumer together with the sold goods are preserved. The list of goods that are not subject to return on the grounds provided for in this clause is approved by the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine.

6.2. The Buyer shall be refunded the cost of the Goods of proper quality within 30 (thirty) calendar days from the date of receipt of such Goods by the Seller, subject to compliance with the requirements stipulated in clause 6.1. of the Agreement and the current legislation of Ukraine. The cost of the Goods shall be refunded by postal or bank transfer. Delivery of the Goods of proper quality to the Seller's address shall be at the expense of the Buyer and the Seller shall not reimburse the Buyer.

6.3. In the event of defects in the Goods being discovered during the established warranty period, the Buyer, in accordance with the procedure and within the terms established by the legislation of Ukraine, has the right to present to the Seller the requirements stipulated by the Law of Ukraine "On Protection of Consumer Rights". When presenting requirements for free elimination of defects, the period for their elimination is counted from the date of receipt of the Goods by the Seller. In this case, the delivery of small-sized Goods and Goods weighing less than 5 (five) kilograms to the Seller and their return to the Buyer are carried out at the expense of the latter.

6.4. Consideration of requirements stipulated by the Law of Ukraine "On Protection of Consumer Rights" is carried out by the Seller provided that the Buyer provides documents stipulated by the current legislation of Ukraine, including, but not limited to, a written application according to the sample contained on the website www.epicentrk.ua .

6.5. The Seller is not responsible for defects in the Goods that arise after their transfer to the Buyer as a result of the Buyer's violation of the rules for using or storing the Goods, actions of third parties, or force majeure.

7 Responsibility of the parties
7.1. The Parties are liable for failure to fulfill or improper fulfillment of the terms of this Agreement in accordance with the procedure provided for by this Agreement and the current legislation of Ukraine.

7.2. The Seller is not responsible for the appearance or package of the Goods changed by the manufacturer.

7.3. In the event of force majeure, the parties are exempted from fulfilling the terms of this Agreement. For the purposes of this Agreement, force majeure means events of an extraordinary, unavoidable, unforeseeable nature that exclude or objectively prevent the performance of this Agreement, the occurrence of which the parties could not foresee and prevent by reasonable measures.

7.4. LLC "Epicenter K" (except for cases when LLC "Epicenter K" is the Seller) is not liable to Buyers for the execution of the order by the Seller and related issues, in particular, but not exclusively: for the compliance of the terms of the offer with the actual terms of sale of the Goods, for the absence of the Goods, for the delay in delivery of the Goods, for the quality of the Goods, for the proper fulfillment of warranty obligations by the Sellers and/or manufacturers.

7.5. The conditions specified on the Site (including, but not exclusively, the conditions for pre-ordering a product that the Seller does not have at the time of ordering) are preliminary conditions for purchasing the Product. The conditions for purchasing the Product (including, but not exclusively, the price and/or terms of receiving the Product) may be changed by the Sellers after accepting the order for execution. The specific conditions for the sale of the Product may be determined and changed by the Sellers until the moment of transfer of the Product to the Buyer. In the event of the impossibility of transferring the Product to the Buyer under the terms of the pre-order for reasons beyond the Seller's control, the Seller has the right to cancel such pre-order unilaterally, provided that the Buyer is notified of its cancellation. Placing a pre-order for the Product does not constitute the conclusion of a preliminary contract within the meaning of the Civil Code of Ukraine.

7.6. The Seller's liability for changes in the terms of purchase of the Goods compared to those specified on the Site - unilateral cancellation of the pre-order of the Goods is limited to the Buyer's right to refuse to purchase the Goods and demand a refund of the funds paid from the Seller (if they were actually paid by the Buyer before the transfer of the Goods).

8 Confidentiality and protection of personal data
8.1. By providing their personal data on the website of the Online Store when registering or placing an Order, filling out the "Benefit" program participant questionnaire, activating the "Benefit" card, the Buyer provides the Seller with their voluntary consent to the processing, use (including transfer) of their personal data, as well as to perform other actions provided for by the Law of Ukraine "On Personal Data Protection", without limiting the validity period of such consent.

8.1.1. The collection and processing of personal data of participants of the “Vygoda” Loyalty Program is carried out by the organizer of the Loyalty Program on the terms and in the manner stipulated by the Rules for Participation in the “Vygoda” Loyalty Program, which are available at the link https://vygoda.epicentrk.ua/#/ . Including, but not exclusively, the Participant of the “Vygoda” Loyalty Program provides the Organizer (LLC “Epicenter K”) in the manner stipulated by the Rules for Participation in the “Vygoda” Loyalty Program, unconditional consent to receive from the credit history bureaus included in the Unified Register of Credit History Bureaus (hereinafter referred to as the Bureau), information in the form of aggregated indicators formed on the basis of information contained in the Participant’s credit history and/or available from open sources, from third parties, using calculation models available to the Bureaus, as well as to the use of the specified information by the Organizer or third parties for the purpose of determining and offering the Organizer to the Participant financial limits for the purchase of goods of the Organizer and/or its partners. At the same time, the Participant consents to the transfer of his/her personal data to third parties. Where possible, the Organizer processes the personal data of the Participants in an anonymized or depersonalized manner, which ensures the impossibility of identifying the Participant using such data. The Participant agrees that the period of storage of personal data specified in this clause is no less than the period necessary to ensure the purpose specified in this clause and additionally the general limitation period from the moment of the Participant's last purchase of the Organizer's goods.

8.2. The Seller has the right, without additional written consent from the Buyer, to use and process information about the Buyer and the fact of his purchase of goods (works, services), including the quantity, cost and assortment of purchased goods, time and place of purchase, etc., and to transfer such information to third parties. In order to form possible financial limits for the purchase of goods by the Buyer, to request and receive data and information about the Buyer from credit bureaus registered in Ukraine and to process it. The Seller undertakes not to disclose the information received from the Buyer. It is not considered a violation for the Seller to transfer information received from the Buyer to counterparties and third parties in order to ensure the implementation of purchase-sale relations, relations in the field of consumer protection, in the field of advertising and marketing research, etc. The Buyer also consents to the transfer (distribution) of his data to freight forwarding and courier organizations, any Banks and/or financial institutions and other third parties (without limitation) at the discretion of Epicenter K LLC, as well as in cases where the disclosure of such information is required by the requirements of the current legislation of Ukraine.

8.3. The Buyer is responsible for keeping his/her personal data up to date. The Seller is not responsible for poor performance or failure to fulfill its obligations due to the outdated or inaccurate information about the Buyer.

8.4. Personal data shall be deleted or destroyed in accordance with the procedure established in accordance with the requirements of the Law of Ukraine "On Personal Data Protection". Personal data, in particular, shall be deleted or destroyed at the request of their subject or in the event of the withdrawal by the subject of personal data of the previously granted consent to their processing.

9 Information messages
9.1. By registering on the website of the Online Store, the Buyer gives the Seller consent to receive information messages from the Seller and its partners acting on the basis of an agreement with the Seller, using short message services (SMS) and e-mail.

9.2. At any time, the Buyer has the right to refuse to receive such mailings in the "My Account" section on the Online Store website.

10 Rules for using materials posted on the Online Store website
10.1. The Online Store website contains materials, trademarks, brand names and other legally protected materials, including, but not limited to, texts, photographs, graphic images, musical and sound works.

10.2. All content of the Online Store website is protected by the legislation of Ukraine and international treaties.

10.3. The Buyer or any other third parties do not have the right to use the materials posted on the Online Store website, in particular: make changes, copy, publish, transfer to third parties, etc.

11 Other conditions
11.1. This agreement is concluded on the territory of Ukraine and is valid in accordance with the current legislation of Ukraine.

11.2. All disputes arising between the Buyer and the Seller shall be resolved through negotiations. In the event of failure to resolve the dispute through negotiations, the Buyer and/or the Seller shall have the right to apply to the courts for resolution of the dispute in accordance with the current legislation of Ukraine.

11.3. The Seller has the right to make amendments to this Agreement unilaterally, as provided for in clause 5.2.1. of the Agreement. In addition, amendments to the Agreement may also be made by mutual consent of the Parties in accordance with the procedure provided for by the current legislation of Ukraine.

12 Term of the Agreement and procedure for its termination
12.1. This Agreement is valid until the parties fully fulfill their obligations, except in cases of its early termination.

12.2. Before the expiration of the term, this Agreement may be terminated by mutual consent of the parties and in other cases provided for by this Agreement and the current legislation of Ukraine.

12.3. If the Buyer has not received the ordered goods or has not taken other necessary actions to accept the goods within 30 calendar days from the date of the Seller's provision of the goods to the Buyer at the location of such goods in accordance with the terms of the confirmed order, it is considered that the Buyer has withdrawn from the contract. In this case, the Seller shall refund the funds paid for the goods to any payment details of the Buyer known to him. The Seller shall be exempt from liability for untimely refund of funds if the payment details of the Buyer available to him are incorrect and/or outdated.

13 Content posting rules
Rules for publication content
You can publish relevant and useful information. All texts, photos, videos and other content must comply with the rules described below and applicable laws.
We recommend that you periodically re-read these rules, as they will be updated.
Unhelpful and extraneous content
All posts must contain useful information. Content that is not related to the company's activities is prohibited. You cannot use the company profile for posts on political, social, or personal topics. Materials that do not meet these requirements will be removed.
Spam
The content published should not mislead users. All information should be truthful and understandable.
Examples of inappropriate content
Texts with spelling errors and inappropriate use of symbols, meaningless texts, as well as automatically generated and annoying content, such as blurry, poor-quality images and videos, or unreadable materials.
Images, videos, or links that distract users.
Links to viruses and malware.
Links to sites not related to the company.
Phishing.
Duplicate photos, posts, videos, and logos.
Inappropriate content
Content that is harassing, abusive, or hateful. It is prohibited to incite hatred against others based on their race or ethnicity, religious beliefs, gender, age, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. You may not post text, images, or videos that contain insults or derogatory epithets. Content that contains threats of physical violence or reveals personal information that allows such threats to be made.
Content that discredits people, places, or objects can cause anger or upset.
Indecent, rude or offensive statements and gestures.
Calls for and encouragement of violence. It is prohibited to publish materials containing realistic images of injuries and mutilations, as well as scenes of violence and cruelty to people or animals.
Sexually explicit and obscene material. It is prohibited to post images and videos of naked bodies or sexual acts. It is forbidden to use slang and sexual slurs, as well as insinuations of pedophilia, bestiality or sexual violence. It is forbidden to promote any services that could be interpreted as engaging in sex for compensation, including escort services. Links to adult content are also unacceptable.
User privacy
It is prohibited to publish content containing personal or confidential information, such as:
personal financial information;
official identity cards;
contact information that contains names or allows them to be identified;
confidential recordings and images;
decrypting conversations or links containing personal information.
Photo and video rules
It is not allowed to publish photos and videos taken in prohibited places. Photos and videos taken on private property cannot be uploaded without the owner's permission.
It is prohibited to publish photos and videos of people without their consent.
Goods that are restricted in circulation are allowed to be mentioned and shown only as accompanying, for example, allowed (accompanying display): a video of a restaurant where visitors in the background are drinking wine; prohibited : a video entirely dedicated to alcoholic beverages.
Phone numbers
It is prohibited to include telephone numbers in publications.
Legislative restrictions
Prohibited content
It is prohibited to advertise dangerous and illegal goods or services, as well as to promote risky and illegal activities.
Inappropriate content involving children
It is prohibited to upload and publish content that depicts the abuse or exploitation of children. This includes any form of depiction of minors in a sexual context (including cartoons) and any other sexually explicit material depicting children.
Terrorist content
Any content related to terrorism is prohibited, including content that promotes terrorist activities, calls for violence, or depicts terrorist attacks in a positive light.
Misrepresentation of facts and misleading statements
Do not make false statements about your identity or qualifications, for example, do not claim to be an official representative of a company to which you are not affiliated.