Terms Of Use - EssentiallySports
Terms Of Use
Welcome to EssentiallySports (“We”, “we”, “our”) (accessible from essentiallysports.com and understood as “Service”) and its products provided by Full Spectrum Services LLP. By visiting EssentiallySports (essentiallysports.com), the user or the viewer (“You”, “you”, “Your”, “your”) is bound by the following terms and conditions. We strongly recommend that you read these terms and conditions before using or publishing content in any form or medium on essentiallysports.com.
You acknowledge and agree that by accessing, using, and/or downloading the Service, you agree to be legally bound by and hereby consent to these ‘Terms of Use’ and the ‘
Privacy Policy
‘
. If you do not agree to these terms of use, then you may not use, access or download the Service.
In compliance with COPPA and the UK/EU Age-Appropriate Design Codes, our Service is not intended for users under 13. Users aged 13-18 must have parental supervision.
We
reserve the right to change the Terms of Use and/or to modify, discontinue, disable or terminate the Service
(or any part or feature thereof) at any time, without prior notice. If we make changes to the Terms of Use we will post an updated version on the Service or provide you with notice of the change, as convenient and as appropriate. Your continued use of the Service following the posting of such an updated version constitutes your acceptance of any changes to the Terms of Use. Please check the Terms of Use area on the Service from time to time to keep apprised of any such updates. We reserve the right to terminate this Terms of Use for reasons: a) unauthorized access or use by you b) transfer or assignment of your rights granted to you c) violation of any of the Terms of Use or supplementary terms of Full Spectrum Services LLP.
You acknowledge that we may
automatically update or upgrade the version
of the Service you may be using on your mobile device. You consent to such automatic updating or upgrading on your mobile device and agree that the Terms of Use will apply to all such updates or upgrades.
The text, photographs, video, graphics, metadata, quotes, data, information, the overall “look and feel”, and all protectable intellectual property available through the Service (“
Content
”) is the property of EssentiallySports and its licensors. It is provided by EssentiallySports and its licensors to you for your personal use only.
You may not use the Content or Service for any commercial purpose.
You may not remove, alter, forward, scrape, copy, sell, distribute, retransmit, create derivative works or otherwise make available the Content to third parties without our prior written consent
, except as occasionally permitted by any sharing functionality in the Service that expressly allows you to share Content or links to Content with a few other individuals. You may not reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to discern the source code or architecture of any feature or component of the Service.
You acknowledge and agree that all
intellectual property rights
in the Service and the Content (in whole and in part), including, but not limited to, all copyright and trademarks, are and
shall remain the property of EssentiallySports,
its affiliates, and/or our licensors, and you shall not acquire any rights in them.
You acknowledge and agree that you are subject to any additional terms and conditions (including, without limitation, any user guidelines or rules) posted on the Service in connection with any features, components or Content made available through the Service.
Any such additional terms and conditions so posted are hereby incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use
. Certain additional services may be offered or promoted by EssentiallySports and its affiliates within the Service, but are outside the scope of these Terms of Use and
will require a separate agreement
with the appropriate EssentiallySports entity.
You may be permitted to register or otherwise create a user account, user name or password (your
“Registration”
) that allows you to access or receive certain Content and/or to participate in or utilize certain features of the Service, including features in which you interact with us or other users. You represent and warrant that the information provided in your Registration is complete and accurate to the best of your knowledge, and you will inform us of any changes to your Registration information. You are responsible for the use of any password you create as part of your Registration and for maintaining its confidentiality. You agree that we may use this password to identify you. We reserve the right to deny, restrict or terminate your access to any Content or feature reached via such Registration process for any reason, as appropriate and justified at our sole discretion.
Your access to and use of the Service is also governed by our ‘
Privacy Policy
‘ and
‘Cookie Policy’
pages.
Registration data and any other information
we obtain about you will be used in accordance with our
Privacy Policy
. By submitting information to us as part of any Registration, you consent to the transfer of such information outside of your country in a legal and appropriate manner. We reserve the right to access and appropriately disclose any information about you (including personal data given in your Registration) in order to comply with applicable laws, regulations, court orders or lawful governmental requests; to operate our systems properly; and to protect our rights and the safety or interests of others, at our sole discretion.
The Service may have features which allow you to comment on, engage in discussions or otherwise upload, submit or post content, information, graphics, videos, images or links to the Service (collectively,
“User Material”
). User Material is subject to these Terms of Use and any additional terms that are referred to in the area of the Service where you upload, submit or post it. You hereby agree not to upload, submit or post any User Material that (a) is abusive, illegal, defamatory, indecent, obscene, offensive or threatening in any way; (b) encourages anyone to break the law; (c) violates anyone’s copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights; (d) interferes with the privacy of another user; (d) contains a virus or any other harmful components; (e) contains false or misleading statements; or (f) gives rise to any liability or violates any applicable local, state, federal or international law or regulation. You represent that you have all the necessary legal rights to upload, submit or post your User Material and you hereby grant EssentiallySports, and its affiliates and successors, a non-exclusive, transferable, worldwide, fully paid-up, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable right and license to use, distribute, publicly perform, display, reproduce, modify, translate, sublicense and create derivative works from your User Material in any and all media in any manner, in whole or in part, without any duty to notify or to compensate you. You further irrevocably waive any “moral rights” or other rights with respect to attribution of authorship or integrity of User Material that you may have under any applicable law or legal theory. We have no obligation to store and may remove or delete any User Material for any reason, at any time and without notice to you.
We respond to notices of alleged infringement in compliance with the U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and the Indian Copyright Act. For US-based claims, please contact our Designated Agent at
legal@essentiallysports.com.
We
do not guarantee the accuracy of or endorse the views or opinions given by any third-party
content provider, advertiser, sponsor or other users. We may link to, reference, or promote websites, applications and/or services from third parties in a clear manner. You agree that we are not responsible for, and do not control such non-EssentiallySports websites, applications or services. We may run paid advertisements and sponsorships from third parties on the Service and shall disclose as appropriate. Any dealings you have with any third-party advertisers or sponsors are solely between you and such content provider, advertiser or sponsor. From our website, you can visit other websites by following hyperlinks to such external sites. While we strive to provide only quality links to useful and ethical websites, we have no control over the content and nature of these sites. These links to other websites do not imply a recommendation for all the content found on these sites. Site owners and content may change without notice and may occur before we have the opportunity to remove a link that may have gone ‘bad’.
Please be also aware that when you leave our website,
other sites may have different Privacy Policies and terms
that are beyond our control. Please be sure to check the Privacy Policies of these sites as well as their “Terms of Use” before engaging in any business or uploading any information.
You
agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless
us, our owners,  subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, consultants, subcontractors and agents from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs, expenses, fees (including reasonable attorney fees) that such parties may incur as a result of or arising from your (or anyone using your accounts) violation of these Terms of Use. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defence and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and in such case, you agree to cooperate with our defence of such claim.
The Service and Content are provided for
informational purposes only.
You understand and agree that the Service does not recommend any security, financial product or instrument, nor does mention of a particular security on the Service constitute a recommendation for you to buy, sell, or hold that or any other security, financial product or investment. The Service does not provide tax, legal or investment advice or opinion regarding the suitability, value or profitability of any particular security, portfolio, or investment strategy. Neither
we nor our affiliates shall be liable
for any errors, inaccuracies or delays in the Service or any Content, or for any actions taken by you in reliance thereon. You expressly agree that your use of the Service and the Content is at your sole risk.
AI Content and Use:
In accordance with 2026 AI Transparency Standards, EssentiallySports clearly labels all synthetically generated or AI-augmented visual elements. Users are prohibited from using our Service to train machine learning models or scraping Content for AI development without an express commercial license
.
If you access any YouTube content through our platform, you are agreeing to be bound by
YouTube’s Terms of Service
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICE AND ANY CONTENT, COMPONENT OR FEATURE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE IS ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF PERFORMANCE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY LOSS, INJURY CLAIM, LIABILITY, OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND RESULTING FROM OR RELATED TO ACCESS, USE OR THE UNAVAILABILITY OF THE SERVICE (OR ANY PART THEREOF).
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ESSENTIALLYSPORTS, ITS PARENT COMPANY, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE ENTITIES/AFFILIATES, ADVERTISERS, CONTENT PROVIDERS AND LICENSORS (COLLECTIVELY, THE “ESSENTIALLYSPORTS PARTIES”) WILL NOT BE LIABLE (JOINTLY OR SEVERALLY) TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS AND LOST REVENUES, WHETHER IN NEGLIGENCE, TORT, CONTRACT OR ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY, EVEN IF THE ESSENTIALLYSPORTS PARTIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OR COULD HAVE FORESEEN ANY SUCH DAMAGES.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction: These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, USA, for all matters relating to advertisers or entities transacting directly in the United States or North America. For all other global interactions and users, these Terms shall be governed by the laws of India. You agree that any legal action or proceeding shall be brought exclusively in the competent courts of New Castle County, Delaware, or the High Court of Delhi, depending on the applicable governing law of the dispute as defined above. This dual-jurisdiction framework ensures that EssentiallySports provides a transparent, legally compliant environment tailored to the regional standards of our global audience and partners.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the
exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability
for incidental or consequential damages. Accordingly, some of the above limitations and disclaimers may not apply to you. To the extent that we may not, as a matter of applicable law, disclaim any implied warranty or limit its liabilities, the scope and duration of such warranty and the extent of our liability shall be the minimum permitted under such applicable law.
For any queries or requests, please email us at
: legal@essentiallysports.com
‘Terms of Use’ Update: 21/02/2026
EssentiallySports is a U.S.-based sports media platform built for modern fandom. We go beyond headlines to create storylines powered by athletes, fans, data, and culture, giving equal energy to the mainstream and the overlooked.
EssentiallySports Media, Inc. @ 2026 | All Rights Reserved
EssentiallySports
About Us
Advertise
Authors
Editorial Team
Editorial Policies
Behind The Scenes
Press Inquiries
Contact Us
FAQs
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Newsletters
Lucky Dog on Track
Essentially Golf
She Got Game
Essentially Dunk
Essentially Athletics
The Huddle
Chiefs Huddle
Cowboys Huddle
Steelers Huddle
Essentially CFB
Buckeye Daily
Podcasts
ES Think Tank
ES Fancast
Events
WNBA All-Star 2025
US Open 2025
Sports
All
Boxing
Golf
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
Tennis
UFC
WNBA
College Football
Track and Field
Gymnastics
Olympics
MLB
Soccer
Swimming
NHL
Privacy Policy
ES Pressroom
Ethics Policy
Fact-Checking Policy
Corrections Policy
Cookies Policy
GDPR Compliance
Terms of Use
Editorial Guidelines
Ownership and funding Information