Legal | Bullhorn
Products
Pricing
Resources
Marketplace
Company
Get started
Log In
Products
Products
ATS & CRM
Amplify
Search & Match
Automation
Reporting & Analytics
Middle Office
Onboarding
Pricing
Platform
Bullhorn Platform
All-in-one recruitment platform.
Bullhorn Recruitment Cloud
Built on Salesforce.
By size
For small agencies
Midsize
Enterprise
By industry
Professional
Clerical & light industrial
Healthcare
Executive search
Introducing Bullhorn Amplify
Amplify is a new kind of AI solution that works like your top performers—at scale—so you can extend your reach, move faster, and improve the quality of every search, screen, and submission.
Read more
Pricing
Resources
Data & research
Bullhorn Insights
Access proprietary labor market and hiring intelligence.
SIA | Bullhorn Staffing Indicator
Track weekly trends in US temporary staffing.
Hiring outlook
Gain insights into the current state of the labor market
Job market trends
Follow the U.S. job market trajectory from millions of job postings.
GRID
Learn what recruitment think about the latest trend in recruitment
Additional resources
Success stories
Staffing blog
Guides & playbooks
Events & webinars
Engage conference series
Customer resources
Customer support
Bullhorn learning
Developer & API documentation
Customer blog
Your source for today’s recruitment intelligence
Explore insights
Marketplace
Marketplace
View all partners
Intro to Marketplace
Explore how to build your customized tech stack.
Bullhorn Marketplace Partner Engagement Hub
Our customers can choose from a wide array of solutions to help create better business outcomes.
Become a partner
Are you a supplier to the recruitment space? Join the Marketplace today.
Bullhorn Ventures
Discover how we accelerate growth in the recruitment tech ecosystem.
Visit the Bullhorn Marketplace
Bullhorn’s marketplace of 300+ pre-integrated technology partners gives staffing agencies the tools they need to build a unique, future-proof solution.
Learn more
Company
Company
About Bullhorn
More than 10,000 companies rely on Bullhorn’s cloud-based platform to power their staffing processes.
News and press
Read the latest press releases and announcements.
Careers
Join Bullhorn's fast-growing, global team and help us put the world to work.
Contact us
Want to learn how Bullhorn can help your business?
Join the team
Bullhorn’s core purpose is to create an incredible customer experience, and we believe that starts with creating an incredible employee experience
Learn more
Log In
Bullhorn ATS & CRM
Bullhorn Automation
Formerly Herefish
Bullhorn Time & Expense
Bullhorn Connexys Fast Forward
Salesforce Solutions
Bullhorn Jobscience
Bullhorn Connexys
Bullhorn Onboarding
Formerly Able
Languages
North America
United Kingdom
Asia Pacific
Europe
Germany
Netherlands
France
Legal
Trademarks
All trademarks other than those owned by Bullhorn displayed on the Web site are trade marks of their respective owners. Such third party trademarks are used only to identify the products and services of their respective owners, and no sponsorship or endorsement on the part of Bullhorn should be inferred from the use of these trademarks. Nothing contained in the Web site should be construed as granting any license or right of use of any trademark displayed on the Web site without the express written permission of Bullhorn or the third party owner.
Disclaimer of Warranties
You acknowledge and agree that this site is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. Bullhorn reserves the right to modify or discontinue this site at any time without notice of any kind. None of Bullhorn, Inc., its affiliates, subsidiaries or its or their officers, directors, employees or agents (collectively the “Bullhorn Parties”) guarantees the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, reliability, suitability or usefulness of any portion of the site, that this site will be uninterrupted or error free, that any specific information that is requested will be provided or that this site or its server are or will be free of computer viruses or other harmful elements. You expressly agree that the entire risk as to the quality and performance of this site and the accuracy, timeliness or completeness of the content or services is assumed solely by you. None of the Bullhorn Parties makes any, and hereby specifically disclaims any and all, representations, endorsements, guarantees, and warranties, express or implied, regarding this site, including without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement of third-party rights.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances will any of the Bullhorn Parties be liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained through this site. It is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of this site. In no event shall any of the Bullhorn Parties be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of or relating to the site or this agreement, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory. Because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for negligence, consequential, incidental or other damages, in such jurisdictions the Bullhorn Parties’ liability is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law. Your sole remedy for dissatisfaction with this site is to stop using this site.
Response to Online Requests
From time to time, Bullhorn may offer to provide information or materials via electronic mail or otherwise to interested persons. Bullhorn reserves the right, in its absolute discretion, to reject any requests for such information or materials, or to discontinue the provision of such information or materials to any person, for any reason whatsoever.
Links to Other Sites
This Site may contain links to non-Bullhorn sites. These links are provided to you only as a convenience. Such linked sites are not under the control of the Bullhorn and Bullhorn is not responsible for the contents of any linked site, or any link contained in a linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Bullhorn of the site, and Bullhorn shall have no responsibility for information which is referenced by or linked to this site.
You can contact us at:
DMCA Registered Agent for Bullhorn, Inc.; Peoplenet Corporation; Erecruit Holdings LLC; Bond International Software, Inc.; Herefish, Inc.; Invenias, Inc.; Jobscience, Inc.; and Talent Rover, LLC:
Bullhorn Inc.
100 Summer Street, 17th Floor, Boston Massachusetts 02110
857-216-7295
legal@bullhorn.com
Attn: Legal Department
© 2000 - 2026 Bullhorn, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Data Transfer Update
Bullhorn’s Data Protection Statement
CCPA Opt Out
Privacy Policy
Legal
Sitemap
Web Design by
Gravitate
About Bullhorn
For the past 26 years, Bullhorn has dedicated itself to building industry-leading, cloud-based software for the staffing and recruitment industry. Through partnerships with 10,000 customers globally, Bullhorn has built a vast knowledge base of recruitment best practices and deep domain expertise to help firms scale their businesses. Founder-led and headquartered in Boston, Bullhorn employs 1,400 people across 14 countries focused on delivering an incredible customer experience – its core mission. To learn more, visit
www.bullhorn.com
or follow Bullhorn on
LinkedIn
or
X
.
Solutions By Size
Small businesses & start-ups
Midsize
Enterprise
Solutions By Industry
Professional
Clerical & light industrial
Healthcare
Executive Search
Solutions By Role
Recruiting
Sales
Finance
Products
Pricing
Applicant Tracking & CRM
Amplify
Search & Match
Automation
Middle Office
Reporting & Analytics
Onboarding
Bullhorn Platform
Bullhorn Recruitment Cloud
Company
About Bullhorn
Press Kit
Contact Us
Careers
Popular Resources
Insights
Staffing Blog
Customer Blog
ATS Buyer's Guide
Staffing Technology Glossary
Partner Marketplace
Help & Support
Customer Support
Developer Resources
Get A Live Demo