Terms & Conditions | Eurogamer.net
About Eurogamer
Eurogamer.net is an online entertainment, education and information service operated and owned by Gamer Network Limited ("Eurogamer").
These terms and conditions ("Terms") apply to all and any use of the web site available at Eurogamer.net and its Content ("net").
Eurogamer.net and references to Eurogamer.net include the Content, which is made up of and includes:
any and all publications, podcasts, broadcasts, videos or other content produced by or for Eurogamer and made available for download from Eurogamer.net ("Produced Content")
any and all articles, reviews, comments, postings, emails, messages and other content and communications uploaded, submitted, transmitted, posted or otherwise made available by third party users to or using Eurogamer.net or any message board or similar services run or made available on or through Eurogamer.net ("User Content").
By using Eurogamer.net you represent, undertake and confirm that you understand, accept and are able to understand and accept these Terms and agree to be bound by these Terms.
If you do not accept or understand these Terms you should not use Eurogamer.net or any part of it. That includes without limitation by using, posting or accessing the Content.
If you are under the age of 18 or don't understand these Terms or their meaning, please ask a parent or guardian to explain them and their meaning to you.
Eurogamer may make alterations to these Terms from time to time and these variations shall become effective immediately upon being accessible from
https://www.eurogamer.net/terms-and-conditions
.
Accounts
You may be required to set up an account in order to use certain features of Eurogamer.net, including setting up a username and password.
Any username and password issued to you is personal to you, so that you can use and access Eurogamer.net.
You must not disclose your username and password to any third party without Eurogamer's prior written consent nor let anyone other than you use your account.
You are and shall remain responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your username, password and account.
You are and shall remain responsible for all activities that occur using your username, password and account.
Use of Eurogamer.net
You MAY download and use Eurogamer.net and the Content on it solely for your private, non-commercial, personal use via the internet only.
Eurogamer grants you a non-exclusive, limited licence to download and use Eurogamer.net and the Content solely for your private, non-commercial, personal use only via the Internet.
These Terms and the rights granted by them do not grant you any title or ownership in Eurogamer.net or any Content and should not be construed as a sale or transfer of any copyright or other right.
You may not transfer, sub license or deal in these right without Eurogamer's prior written permission.
You agree not to:
use Eurogamer.net or any Content for any commercial or business purpose;
include contact details intended to facilitate communication of any sort (email address, postal address, phone number, web address etc.) in any User Content;
use your access to Eurogamer.net, or information gathered from it, for the sending of unsolicited bulk email or any spam;
process or otherwise use the information contained on or within Eurogamer.net or any Content for any illegal or immoral purpose or use or process the same unfairly.
Intellectual Property Rights and Eurogamer.net and Content
By "Intellectual Property Rights" what we mean is all ownership rights and interests in copyright, design right, database right, patents and any rights to inventions, know-how, trade and business names, trade secrets and trade marks (whether registered or unregistered) and any applications therefore and other like rights.
All Intellectual Property Rights in the Eurogamer.net web site design and software and all Produced Content belong to and vest in Eurogamer, or are licensed to Eurogamer unless otherwise specified. All such rights of Eurogamer are hereby asserted and reserved.
In respect of Eurogamer.net (including the Content) you shall not:
provide hypertext links, URL Links, graphic links, hyperlinks or other direct connection for profit or gain to them without Eurogamer's prior written permission;
display, publish, copy, print, post or otherwise use it and the information contained therein for the benefit of any third party or web site without Eurogamer's prior written consent;
hack, attempt to hack, modify, adapt, merge, translate, distribute, transmit, use, re-use, re-post, disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer or create derivative works out of Eurogamer.net or any Content or information contained in it, for any purpose other than as expressly permitted above unless expressly permitted by applicable law;
remove, disable, modify, add to or tamper with any program code or data, copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices and legends;
create software which mimics data or functionality in Eurogamer.net;
use or deal in it except as permitted by these Terms.
You agree to comply with the Eurogamer.net 'code of conduct' available at
https://www.eurogamer.net/code-of-conduct
and all other applicable rules available on Eurogamer.net.
You must retain all copyright notices and other proprietary notices contained on Eurogamer.net and the Content.
All third party Intellectual Property Rights are the property of their respective owners and Eurogamer makes no warranty or representation in relation thereto.
User Content
Eurogamer.net is an entertainment, education and information service and ancillary to this Eurogamer is involved in the transmission, hosting, caching, storage, retrieval and dealing with User Content (including third party communications) without review, selection or alteration of their content - for which it is a mere conduit.
The views expressed in any User Content are the views of the individual authors and not those of Eurogamer unless specified otherwise by Eurogamer.
Eurogamer is not responsible for and disclaims all liability in respect of any comments, views or remarks expressed in any User Content.
By using Eurogamer.net you acknowledge that Eurogamer has no responsibility to review the content of any User Content and that all User Content is made available on the basis that Eurogamer is not required to and does not exercise any control or judgment concerning its content.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Eurogamer shall be entitled to remove or reject any User Content and remove or suspend your ability to access, upload, submit, transmit, post or otherwise place User Content on or through Eurogamer.net for any reason.
You agree and undertake that you will not upload, submit, transmit, post or otherwise place User Content nor make any communication or post to or transmit to Eurogamer.net any statement or material that:
is unlawful or which gives rise to civil or criminal liability;
promotes any illegal or unlawful activity;
infringes any copyright or other intellectual property right of any third party or assists infringement or piracy;
includes any computer virus, worms, logic bombs or other malicious software or technically harmful data;
is abusive, pornographic, defamatory, discriminatory or obscene;
harasses any person;
markets or promotes any third party;
which seeks or attempts to make any arrangement to meet a child under the age of 16 or which may have such a meeting as its object or effect;
contains any restricted material, including but not limited to passwords, medical information or confidential information of any person; or
solicits, invites, encourages, advocates, incites or provokes any or all of the foregoing.
It is a known risk of internet usage that people are not necessarily who they say they are. People may provide information or behave in a way that is unreliable, misleading, unlawful or illegal. Eurogamer has no way of telling if statements made by other users are true. This is a decision that can only be made by you. You should therefore exercise some degree of caution when using any web site. By using Eurogamer.net and its services you accept that this is the case and accept that you therefore use Eurogamer.net at your own risk. PLEASE TAKE PARTICULAR CARE IN RELATION TO THE DISCLOSURE OF YOUR OWN PERSONAL INFORMATION SUCH AS YOUR SURNAME, ADDRESS, EMAIL ADDRESS, TELEPHONE NUMBER AND PLACES YOU GO.
You will be responsible for any User Content that you upload, submit, transmit, post or otherwise place on or through Eurogamer.net and you accept that full responsibility and liability for that Content rests solely with you. Eurogamer shall have no liability in relation thereto.
By uploading, submitting, transmitting, posting or otherwise placing any User Content on or through Eurogamer.net you expressly agree and confirm that:
you are not a minor or else have your parent's or guardian's permission to do so on these Terms;
your User Content may be used on and in connection with Eurogamer.net;
your username may be advertised and used in connection with any User Content you submit or make available;
you grant to Eurogamer the non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, perpetual, royalty free right and licence to use such User Content on and / or in connection with Eurogamer.net and to give all consents (if any) which Eurogamer requires including under copyright and other intellectual property, data protection and privacy laws world wide, for that use only;
you agree that Eurogamer may use, publish, edit, modify and adapt your User Content for any and all purposes relating to Eurogamer.net and the business of Eurogamer and you hereby grant it an unrestricted non-exclusive licence to do so and waive all so called moral rights in your User Content.
you own or have proper licenses, permissions and other consents in place in respect of all features and resources used in the User Content you submit or make available;
the User Content you submit or make available and the use of it as envisaged by these Terms does not and will not infringe any third party Intellectual Property Rights or other rights;
you are entitled to submit it and make it available for use as envisaged by these Terms and you are not under any contractual or other obligations preventing you from doing so;
you have received all necessary permissions and consent required for the use by Eurogamer, as described in these Terms, of any User Content you submit or make available;
that you have not granted any other person any rights that are inconsistent with the rights granted above.
Liability
Eurogamer provides and maintains Eurogamer.net for personal information, education and entertainment, on an "as is" basis
Eurogamer shall be liable only to provide its services with reasonable skill and care and gives no other warranty in connection with Eurogamer.net or any Content.
Third party web sites and online services to which Eurogamer.net links ("External Sites") have not been verified or reviewed by Eurogamer.
All use and access of External Sites is made at your own risk.
Eurogamer gives no warranty in connection with Eurogamer.net other than as expressly stated and to the maximum extent permitted by law, Eurogamer excludes liability for:
any loss or damage of any kind howsoever arising, including without limitation any direct, indirect, special, punitive or consequential loss whether or not such arises out of any problem which Eurogamer has been made aware of;
the accuracy, currency or validity of the information and material contained within any Content or Eurogamer.net;
any interruptions to or delays in updating Eurogamer.net;
any incorrect or inaccurate information on Eurogamer.net;
the infringement by any person of any copyright or other intellectual property rights of any third party through any User Content or use of Eurogamer.net;
the availability, quality, content or nature of External Sites;
any transaction involving External Sites;
any amount or kind of loss or damage due to viruses or other malicious software that may infect a user's computer equipment, software, data or other property caused by persons accessing, using or downloading Eurogamer.net, or any User Content;
all representations, warranties, conditions and other Terms which but for this notice would have effect.
Eurogamer does not warrant that the operation of Eurogamer.net will be uninterrupted or error free.
Eurogamer will not be liable in any amount for failure to perform any obligation under this agreement if such failure is caused by the occurrence of any unforeseen contingency beyond its the reasonable control including without limitation Internet outages, communications outages, fire, flood, war or act of God.
Except as provided above there are no other warranties, conditions or other Terms, express or implied, statutory or otherwise, and all such Terms are hereby excluded to the maximum extent permitted by law.
These Terms above are subject to your statutory and common law consumer rights and shall not limit any rights you might have as a consumer that may not be excluded under applicable law nor shall it exclude or limit Eurogamer's liability for death or personal injury resulting from its negligence nor any fraudulent representation.
You agree that in relation to your use of Eurogamer.net you will not in any way conduct yourself in a manner which is unlawful or which gives rise to civil or criminal liability or which might call into disrepute Eurogamer.net.
You agree that you are and shall remain responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and membership account and for all activities that occur under your account.
You hereby indemnify, defend and hold Eurogamer and Eurogamer's affiliates and Eurogamer's officers, directors, owners, agents, information providers, affiliates, licensers and licensees (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") harmless from and against any and all liability and costs (including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred by the Indemnified Parties in connection with any claim arising out of any breach by you of these Terms or claims arising from your use of Eurogamer.net, any User Content and any use of your membership account. You shall use your best efforts to cooperate with Eurogamer in the defense of any claim. Eurogamer reserves the right, at Eurogamer's own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you.
Termination
Without limiting any other rights it may have Eurogamer may remove, restrict, cancel or suspend access to and use of Eurogamer.net and Content or other any part of it, if it considers (in its sole discretion) that you have breached any of these Terms. Termination shall be without prejudice to the accrued rights of Eurogamer.
General
Except as provided above there are no other warranties, conditions or other terms, express or implied, statutory or otherwise, and all such terms are hereby excluded to the maximum extent permitted by law (but subject to your statutory and common law consumer rights).
Eurogamer acts as principal on its own account and not as agent for you or any other person.
If Eurogamer does not enforce any provision of this agreement such will not be considered a waiver of any provision or right.
In the event that any part of these terms and conditions is held to be unenforceable, such part will at Eurogamer's option be construed as far as possible to reflect the parties' intentions and the remainder of the provisions will remain in full force and effect.
These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and Eurogamer and shall apply to the exclusion of all other terms or conditions of contract which you may purport to propose.
Reference to the word "include" and "including" shall mean and be read as "include without limitation" and "including without limitation" in these Terms.
Use of Eurogamer and these Terms are subject to the laws of England which shall exclusively govern the interpretation, application and effect of all the above permissions, exclusions, licenses and conditions of use and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of England and the parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Eurogamer.net is intended for and directed at the UK and no representation or warranty is made as to whether Eurogamer.net complies with the regulatory regime and local laws of any other countries.
By using Eurogamer.net you undertake that you have the necessary hardware, software and capability required for its use including in relation to Content email and web usage.
About Eurogamer
All questions, comments or enquiries should be directed to Eurogamer at
contact@eurogamer.net
.
Gamer Network Limited
3rd Floor
1 Grand Parade
Brighton
BN2 9QB
UK
© 2026 Eurogamer.net  a brand of IGN Entertainment, Inc. All rights reserved. 18 Mansell Street Level 3, London, E1 8AA, United Kingdom. No part of this website or its content may be reproduced without the copyright owner's permission. Eurogamer is a registered trademark of Gamer Network Limited.
Theme
Auto
Light
Dark