Terms and Conditions | Eversource
Information on this page is for customers in
{{ town-name }}
Not your town? Change location
Terms and Conditions
Ver estos términos en español
.
What These Terms and Conditions Cover
These Terms and Conditions are between you and Eversource (referred to as 'Eversource,' "we" or "our" or “us”) and govern your use of the web properties and mobile apps (collectively, this "website", or "online services") of Eversource Energy and its affiliates.
These services enable Eversource customers (residential and business customers who are account owners) to perform a number of functions through the use of a personal computer or, for some functions, a mobile device (e.g. tablet or smartphone), on accounts linked to the service.
When used in this agreement, the term “business” includes sole proprietors, non-residential business entities, and individual owners of the business, unless the context indicates otherwise. All information accessed for your use from our website is subject to these Terms and Conditions, and in accordance with our
Privacy Policy
.
Accepting These Terms and Conditions
Use of our websites is subject to and signifies your consent to these Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Statement. When you use any of our online services, or authorize others to use them, any such use by others is subject to these Terms and Conditions. In addition to these Terms and Conditions, your account is subject to the terms under the applicable
tariff
and
Billing Rights
.
Changes to Terms and Conditions
Eversource may update the Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice. Visiting our websites binds you to all revisions. You can bookmark this page to see the current version of the Terms and Conditions
Fees and Charges
Unless otherwise specified in this agreement or your applicable account agreement, there is no service charge for accessing your accounts with our online service. You should note that depending on how you access our site or service you choose, you might incur charges for:
Any internet service provider fees
Any wireless carrier fees
Subscription fee for Energy Profiler for some business customers
Service Hours
Online services are available 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, except during system maintenance and upgrades. When this occurs, a message will be displayed online. Our
Call Centers
are available to assist you.
Security and Confidentiality
See also the
Eversource Privacy Policy
for additional information.
Your privacy is important to us and we take measures to protect your privacy but you too must safeguard your accounts from unauthorized access and unauthorized use of your information.
To protect against misuse of personal information and unauthorized transactions, you must keep your log-in ID (email address) and password confidential and not disclose them to anyone else. You should not authorize anyone to access your account using your log-in ID and password. You assume the risk for all activities on your account and information accessed by you or anyone to whom you have provided your log-in ID and password.
Never tell anyone your password, and always log out of Eversource.com and close your browser window when you have finished working to ensure that no one else can access your information. This is especially important if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a library or other public place. We are not responsible for the actions or omissions of third parties that have accessed your information using your log-in ID and password.
The company will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or unsolicited email.
At any time and for any lawful purpose, Eversource may monitor, intercept, record, and search any communications or data transiting or stored on this information system. At Eversource’s sole discretion, Eversource may disclose pertinent information to the U.S. Government and its authorized representatives to protect the security of critical infrastructure and key resources, ensure information security, or to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request.
If you believe there has been any breach of security such as the disclosure, theft or unauthorized use of your log-in ID or password or unauthorized activity on your account, please
contact us
immediately.
Online Services for Customers
You may use our online services to:
Use the paperless feature to receive your bills electronically
Create multiple user IDs for the same account to provide secure access to another individual
Enroll in or update information for automatic direct debit payments
Make one-time or automatic payments on your linked accounts using a bank account or one-time payments using a credit card
View current information for your linked Eversource accounts
Stop or transfer service
Review available payment history for your linked accounts
View your energy usage and energy usage history for your linked accounts
Create an energy savings plan and identify ways to save
Enroll to receive alerts about your account
Perform account maintenance activities such as changing your mailing address, email address, mobile phone number or your user ID and password, printing duplicate billing statements or updating a pending payment
Send us secure message or documents
Note: Not all features are available on all online services.
Online Registration and Access
Online Registration
To use our online account services, you must provide current, accurate, and truthful registration information. You are responsible for keeping that information current and updating it as soon as it changes.
Your log-in information and password are personal to you, and should not be shared or transferred to anyone else. You are entitled to access our online account services for lawful and authorized purposes using your log-in ID (email address) and password.
What information do I need to establish online access?
When establishing an online account, you will be asked to provide:
Your name
Email address
Mobile phone number (optional)
When you register on our website, you are asked to use your valid email address and create a password to verify your identity and protect your private information.
What information do I need to establish online electric or gas service?
Registering on our website alone does not enable you to set up electric or gas service. To set up gas or electric service, you will also need to provide a primary ID. A primary ID is the unique identification number you provided at the time you set up service.
For most residential customers, it will be the last four digits of their Social Security Number. If you do not have a primary ID, you have the option of completing an ID verification online or you may call our Customer Service Center for assistance. You will receive a notification when the ID verification process is completed. You can request changes of access to your account by
contacting us
.
The general personal information you provide when establishing electric or gas service, including your first and last name, account number, Social Security Number (when you request utility service), email address and mobile phone number will be stored by the company.
By providing your contact information, you are providing consent for us to use this information to respond to your requests and send you updated information about our company and the services available to you.
Surveys:
Our periodic online satisfaction surveys may ask you to provide contact information (email address, for example) and information relating to your energy needs. We appreciate your survey responses, which help us to improve our service for all customers.
Ensuring email and other information accuracy:
Please note that you are responsible for providing and maintaining accurate and up-to-date information. Please make sure your email address is current to ensure you receive email confirmations of your transactions each time they are completed. If your information is incomplete, inaccurate or outdated, please
update your profile
or
contact us
to make changes. Please update your email address to ensure you receive email confirmations of your transactions each time they are completed.
May I grant others (e.g. family members, roommates) access to view or pay on my account?
Yes, you may grant others permission to create their own log-in information and password to access your account. Never share your own log-in information and password with anyone as they will have the ability to create their own.
In order to establish access to your account, these individuals will be asked to provide your account number and ZIP Code. As a security measure, we will notify you via email or letter sent to your mailing address when another user has been granted access to your account.
If you have not provided us with your email address or your email address has changed, you can
update your profile
or provide us with your current email by
contacting us
.
What transactions can I complete online?
You and the persons you authorize to have access to your Eversource utility account(s) will have the ability to access information and perform a range of transactions using your online services.
Bill Payment Services
Customers with linked accounts may use the Bill Payment service to:
View your bill
Make a one-time or automatic payments online
Save your payment method (i.e. bank account) for future payments
View bill summary and bill detail information
Set up a budget or payment plan for your account
When using our bill payment services, you will be required to authorize Eversource to initiate an electronic debit to your checking or savings account as you have provided.
If you choose Auto Pay and click to consent to the terms and conditions, you are authorizing Eversource to initiate an electronic debit to your checking or savings account as you have provided each time a bill is rendered.
The Payment from your bank account will be initiated by Eversource within the time specified in the applicable service agreement, contract, or other existing or future arrangement for electric and/or gas service between you and Eversource and these Terms and Conditions shall not alter, enlarge or diminish the existing rights and obligations of the parties under these arrangements.
If you have chosen the “pay multiple accounts” option, a separate electronic payment transaction for each of the accounts will be processed through the Automatic Bank Draft from your bank account. If any of the separate electronic payment transactions are rejected each separate electronic payment transaction shall be returned and charged back to each applicable account and each separate account shall also be assessed a returned check fee.
If the payment from your bank account is rejected and no other provision is made for payment on or before the due date, payment will be considered delinquent under the applicable tariff. Eversource reserves the right: (a) to adjust future payments from your bank account if any payment previously made is found to be duplicative, processed incorrectly or not at all or in excess of or less than the required amount, (b) to choose the Payment system and any third-party service provider it may use, and (c) to initiate debit or payment entries and adjustments from any Payment entries made in error.
Eversource may suspend or terminate the Auto Pay authorization at any time and will send an e-mail notice to you of such suspension or termination. You may suspend or terminate the Auto Pay authorization by contacting Eversource or make such changes through your online account. Any change, suspension or termination received prior to the meter read date on your bill will be effective as of the next billing period.
All bank account payments made pursuant to the bill payment service you have selected are made in accordance with the applicable rules of the National Automated Clearing House Association (NACHA).
Paperless Billing
Activation – Once you activate the service, the next bill you receive from Eversource will be electronic. Eversource reserves the right to accept or deny your request to receive electronic bills. You will be notified by email of your activation. By participating in the Eversource electronic billing and payment program, any third-party billing and payment agreements will be terminated. By agreeing to receive your bill electronically, you also agree to view and pay your bill online each month (Paperless Bill Process).
Eversource may suspend or terminate the Paperless Bill enrollment at any time and will send an e-mail notice to you of such suspension or termination. You may suspend or terminate the Paperless Bill enrollment by contacting us or make such changes through your online account. Any change, suspension or termination received prior to the meter read date on your bill will be effective as of the next billing period.
            .
Notification – Eversource will send an email notification to the email address listed for your account to notify you of a new electronic bill. It is your sole responsibility to ensure that your email address is accurate. In the event you do not receive notification, it is your sole responsibility to periodically log on to the Eversource website to receive your new electronic bills. If you fail to receive notification, please
contact us
. You agree to hold Eversource, any of its officers, directors, shareholders, employees, agents or affiliates harmless should Eversource fail to deliver notification of your electronic bill(s). You remain responsible for the timely payment of your bills regardless of whether Eversource provides an electronic bill.
Dispute Resolution - For any issues or concerns regarding your electronic bill summary or detail, please
contact us.
This agreement does not alter any of your liabilities or obligations that currently exist between you and Eversource. Eversource is not responsible or liable for any direct or any indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary punitive or other damage related to your use of this service.
Online Alerts – Email Notifications and Text Messaging
We offer notifications to keep you informed of important updates and activities including:
General and Security Alerts – These are sent to you following important account activities or when certain changes are made to your online profile (e.g. change to your email address, mobile phone number or password or a user was granted online access to your account). You do not need to activate these alerts.
Billing and Payment Alerts – Allow you to choose optional alert messages for billing and payment information on your accounts. These alerts must be activated by you.
Outage Alerts – Notification messages to inform you of your power outage. Although we automatically activate these for you, you do have the option to change how you receive these alerts (e.g. email, text or phone call) or to stop receiving these alerts.
Email Notifications
We may send messages to your email address to help you reset your password or confirm a payment or customer service inquiry. If you subscribe to our paperless service, we will also send an email to notify you that you have a new bill.
Because we may also use email to send important notices about services and security changes, we require that every online customer provide us with a valid and current email address. You are responsible for keeping that email address up-to-date, and for any changes,
updating your profile
.
Text Messaging
By signing up for Eversource Account Alerts via text messaging, you consent to being contacted regarding your utility account and utility service matters such as outage and restoration information and account payment obligations.
Supported carriers include: AT&T, Sprint, Verizon Wireless, T-Mobile, US Cellular, Cricket, Boost, Virgin Mobile and MetroPCS. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages
Message frequency varies. Message and data rates may apply. To unsubscribe, reply or text 23129 with STOP. For help, reply or text 23129 with HELP or
contact us
for support.
If there any changes to your mobile phone number and it can no longer be reached, we request that you promptly
contact us
so we can update your information or
update your account
with your current mobile phone number.
Cancellation of Online Access and Utility Services
Your online access remains in effect until it is terminated by Eversource.
We may cancel or suspend your online access to your account and without further obligation to you, for any reason, including without limitation, if you do not use the online access, or do not comply with these Terms and Conditions or the Privacy Policy.
You may cancel your access by
contacting us
. This cancellation will apply only to your online access and not your electric or gas service unless you notify us specifically of your election to terminate utility services. We recommend that you cancel any paperless or automatic payments prior to notifying us that you are terminating your online access.
Liability and Warranty Disclaimer
Although we have tried to keep the information available through our web pages current and correct, we do not guarantee its accuracy, usefulness or security. Your use of information on this site is at your own risk. No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure.
Although we use industry standard technology to protect our websites and your information (i.e., encryption, firewalls, access control software, etc.), we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us through our websites. Your access and use of our websites may be interrupted from time to time for any of several reasons, including, without limitation, the malfunction of equipment, periodic updating, maintenance or repair of our websites or other actions that Eversource, in its sole discretion, may elect to take.
You provide information at your own risk. We are not responsible for any damage you may incur through your accessing or use of this site, and we cannot guarantee that information you provide us through forms or email will be kept confidential.
Eversource assumes no responsibility of liability for any loss of service, damages, loss of income, interruptions, errors or failures resulting from use of our websites or resulting from any malware that may infect computer equipment used to access our websites.
Viewing materials on our websites is at your own risk. Eversource assumes no liability for any direct, indirect, incidental, Act of God, punitive or consequential damages derived as the result of your visiting our websites nor your disclosure of confidential information, including, without limitation, your user ID and password to third parties.
Eversource makes no warranties concerning the access to the information, data, maps or any other electronic mediums associated with our websites.
All materials on our websites are "as is," without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a specified purpose, or non-infringement, to the extent permitted by law. Eversource is not responsible for any content of non-Eversource websites, which may be linked from our websites.
Copyright
Certain materials on our websites are copyright protected. Use of any website material is prohibited without express written permission from Eversource. Any unauthorized use of these materials could be in violation of copyright, trademark, publicity or privacy laws.
Eversource encourages visitors to our website to comment on subject matter pertaining directly to content and to participate in social media opportunities such as social media sites, wikis or any other form of user-generated media.
Please refer to our
Privacy Policy
for more details about the information we collect and what it is used for.
Other Websites and Linking
Non-Eversource Websites
Eversource may link to websites of unaffiliated parties for your convenience and information. Once you leave Eversource's websites and link to the website(s) of an unaffiliated party, Eversource's Internet policies no longer apply and you will be subject to the unaffiliated party's policies regarding their website.
These sites may have their own privacy statements in place, which we recommend you review.
We are not responsible for the content of linked sites or any use of these unaffiliated websites. Specifically, Eversource:
Does not endorse and is not responsible for the content, operators, or any products or services offered on such sites, or the site's availability, accuracy, quality or privacy practices.
Is not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or claimed to be caused by, relating to or arising from use of or reliance on any such information, content, products or services available on or through such sites.
Does not endorse any other site or content to which our sites may have a hyperlink or any third parties who are authorized by you to receive or obtain any account or energy usage information. All such viewing and information disclosure is at your own risk.
Eversource websites are limited to Eversource Energy affiliates and are not affiliated with any other corporation or website with any similarly spelled URL. Any similarities are coincidental. A website with a URL similar to Eversource.com and the other websites listed may not be an Eversource web site, and may be coincidental, unauthorized or fraudulent.
Please avoid such websites and
contact Eversource
if you have any concerns.
Linking to Eversource.com is authorized for legitimate business and informational purposes. If you link to this site, you should use:
http://www.eversource.com
to link to Eversource.com, and test the link to confirm that it operates correctly.
When linking to Eversource.com, you:
Should not use Eversource copyrighted information or the Eversource logos, trademarks or service marks or the intellectual property of any affiliate of Eversource except for the permitted use set forth in this Linking Policy;
Should not portray Eversource or any person identified on the Eversource.com site or content from the Eversource.com site in any way that is false or misleading;
Should not indicate or imply that Eversource promotes or endorses any products or services, ideas, political objectives or any other causes, or Internet sites; and
Should not use Eversource content for business, commercial, or political purposes.
Eversource Home
Close
Update Your Location
Knowing your town helps us provide information customized to your service area
Start typing to select a town in our service territory
Go
Back
Mobile Apps
©2026 Eversource. All rights reserved
Facebook
YouTube
LinkedIn
Instagram
Sitemap
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
©2026 Eversource. All rights reserved
Eversource Home
L
Close
Begin Your Search
Search this site