Sweepstakes Terms & Conditions
Signup Sheets Sweepstakes
NO PURCHASE OR PAYMENT IS NECESSARY TO ENTER. A PURCHASE OR PAYMENT OF ANYKIND WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING.
Eligibility: The Evite's SignUp Sheets Clear the Wishlist Sweepstakes (the “Sweepstakes”) is open only to legal
residents of the fifty (50) United States (and the District of Columbia), who are at least eighteen (18) years
old at the time of entry. Void where prohibited. Proof of residency and age may be required. Employees
and directors of Evite, Inc., Sync Marketing LLC, and their subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates, and advertising
or promotional agencies or individuals involved with the design, production, execution or distribution of
the Sweepstakes and the immediate family and household members of such individuals, are not eligible
to enter or win. “Immediate family members” shall mean parents, stepparents, children, stepchildren,
siblings, stepsiblings, partners or spouses, regardless of where they live. “Household members” shall
mean people who share the same residence at least three months a year, whether related or not. In order
to enter the Sweepstakes or receive a prize, you must fully comply with these Official Rules and, by
entering, you represent and warrant that you agree to be bound by these Official Rules, the Sponsor’s
Privacy Policy (referenced below), and the decisions of the Sponsor, whose decisions shall be binding and
final in all respects relating to this Sweepstakes.
Sponsor and Administration:
Sponsor: Evite, Inc., 310 E Colorado St, Glendale, CA 91205. Administrator: Sync Marketing LLC, 10960 Wellworth Avenue, Unit 301, Los Angeles, CA 90024
Timing
Sweepstakes begins July 1, 2024 on or about 12:01 a.m. Eastern Time and ends September 22, 2024 at
11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (the “Sweepstakes Entry Period”). Sponsor is the official time keeper for this
Sweepstakes. The Sweepstakes is governed by these Official Rules.
How to Enter
During the Sweepstakes Entry Period go to https://www.evite.com/signup-sheets/ (the “Website”) and
follow the on-screen instructions to create an Evite Sign Up Sheet, agree to be legally bound by the Official
Rules and share the Sign Up Sheet. When at least one (1) person (other than the entrant) signs up for an
activity on the shared Sign Up Sheet, entrant will automatically receive one (1) entry into the Sweepstakes
(the “Entry”). Registration is free. Each entrant may receive one (1) Entry for each shared Sign Up Sheet
with a valid activity sign up.
To participate in the Sweepstakes, if you do not already have an Evite account, download the free Evite
application (compatible with iPhone, iPod touch, iPad and Android) or visit https://www.evite.com/ and
create an account as instructed. Getting an Evite account is free. Evite’s Terms of Service can be found
at https://www.evite.com/content/terms/. Use of multiple Evite accounts to enter by the same individual
is prohibited and may result in disqualification.
Multiple entrants may not share the same email address. A potential winner may be requested to provide
Sponsor with proof that he/she is the authorized account holder of the email address associated with the
winning Entry and/or an eligible entrant. Entrants may not register/enter with multiple email addresses
nor may entrants use any other device or artifice to register/enter. Use of any automated system to enter
is prohibited and will result in disqualification. Sponsor is not responsible for lost, late, incomplete, invalid,
unintelligible, returned, or misdirected entries all of which will be ineligible to win a prize. In the event of
a dispute as to any entrant, the authorized account holder of the email address used to enter will be
deemed to be the entrant. The “authorized account holder” is the natural person assigned an email
address by an Internet access provider, online service provider or other organization responsible for
assigning email addresses for the domain associated with the submitted address. Potential winner of the
grand prize may be required to show proof of being the authorized account holder to be awarded the
prize. All entries become the sole and exclusive property of Sponsor and will not be returned or cancelled.
Winner Determination
On or about the dates listed below, Administrator will select one (1) entry for each prize described below
in a random drawing of all valid entries received.
‍
POTENTIAL SWEEPSTAKES WINNERS ARE SUBJECT TO VERIFICATION BY SPONSOR AND/OR ADMINISTRATOR. SPONSOR AND ADMINISTRATOR’S DECISIONS ARE FINAL AND BINDING IN ALL MATTERS RELATED TO THE ADMINISTRATION, OPERATION, RULES INTERPRETATION AND APPLICATION,SELECTION OF THE WINNER(S) AND ALL OTHER MATTERS RELATED TO THE SWEEPSTAKES.
Verification of Potential Sweepstakes Winners
Potential Sweepstakes winners may be required to complete and return an Affidavit of Eligibility, Release
of Liability and Publicity Release (where permitted by law) (collectively, the “Affidavit”) by the date
specified by Sponsor, or an alternate potential Sweepstakes winner may be selected. In the event: (a) the
potential Sweepstakes winner notification or Affidavit is returned as undeliverable; (b) potential
Sweepstakes winner declines or cannot accept, receive or use the prize for any reason; (c) potential
Sweepstakes winner is found to be ineligible to enter the Sweepstakes or receive the prize; (d) potential
Sweepstakes winner cannot, does not, or is suspected of not comply(ing) with the Official Rules; or (e)
potential Sweepstakes winner fails to fulfill the Affidavit-related obligations, the potential Sweepstakes
winner shall be disqualified from the Sweepstakes and an alternate potential Sweepstakes winner may be
selected, at Sponsor’s sole discretion, from among the other eligible entries received. Sponsor reserves
the right to modify the notification and Affidavit procedures in connection with the selection of alternate
potential Sweepstakes winner, if any.
Prizes
One hundred and twenty-five (125) prizes (“the Prize”) will be awarded. Each Prize winner (“Winner”) will
receive a $100 gift card for Winner from their choice of available gift cards on Evite.com and a $100
Amazon.com gift card towards a teacher of their choice’s wish list which will be awarded to the Winner
on behalf of the teacher. Approximate Retail Value (“ARV”) of the Prize is $200.
No cash equivalent for the prizes, the prizes are non-transferable and no substitution will be made except
as provided herein at the Sponsor’s sole discretion. Sponsor reserves the right to substitute the listed
prize, or any part thereof, for one of equal or greater value for any reason. Gift cards awarded as part of
any prize are subject to the terms and conditions of issuer and will not be replaced by Sponsor if lost,
stolen, misplaced, damaged or destroyed. Winners are responsible for all taxes, duties, and fees
associated with prize receipt and/or use. All federal, state, and local tax liabilities, as well as any other
costs and expenses not specified herein as being awarded are the sole responsibility of the winners.
Winners may be required to complete and return an IRS W-9 form (i.e. Request for Taxpayer Identification
Number and Certification). Prize will be awarded only if the winner fully complies with these Official Rules.
Total approximate retail value of all prizes is $25,000.
Entry Conditions and Release
Each entrant agrees to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law to : (a) comply with and be bound
by these Official Rules and the decisions of Sponsor and Administrator which are binding and final in all
matters relating to this Sweepstakes; (b) defend, indemnify, release and hold harmless the Sponsor,
Administrator, and their respective parent, subsidiary, and affiliated companies, celebrities, and any other
person and organization responsible for sponsoring, fulfilling, administering, advertising or promoting the
Sweepstakes, and all of their respective past and present officers, directors, employees, agents and
representatives (collectively, the “Released Parties”) from and against any and all claims, expenses, and
liability, including but not limited to negligence and damages of any kind to persons and property,
including but not limited to invasion of privacy (under appropriation, intrusion, public disclosure of private
facts, false light in the public eye or other legal theory), defamation, slander, libel, violation of the right of
publicity, infringement of trademark, copyright or other intellectual property rights, property damage, or
death or personal injury arising out of or relating to a participant’s entry, creation of an entry or
submission of an entry, participation in the Sweepstakes (or inability to participate), acceptance,
possession, attendance at, defect in, delivery of, inability to use, use or misuse of prize, participation in
prize-related activities (including without limitation any travel, attendance and/or any other prize related
activity) and/or the broadcast, exploitation or use of entry. With the exception of all valid manufacturer
warranties, winners acknowledge that all prizes are awarded AS-IS without warranty of any kind.
Publicity
Except where prohibited or restricted by law, each winner’s acceptance of prize constitutes the winner’s
agreement and consent for Sponsor and any of its designees to use and/or publish winner’s full name, city
and state of residence, photographs or other likenesses, pictures, portraits, video, voice, testimonials,
biographical information (in whole or in part), and/or statements made by winner regarding the
Sweepstakes or Sponsor (provided they are accurate, true and not unlawful), worldwide and in perpetuity
for any and all purposes, including, but not limited to, advertising, trade and/or promotion on behalf of
Sponsor, in any and all forms of media, now known or hereafter devised, including, but not limited to,
print, TV, radio, electronic, cable, social media, or World Wide Web without further limitation, restriction,
compensation, notice, review, or approval.
General Conditions
Sponsor and its subsidiaries, affiliates, divisions, partners, representatives, agents, successors, assigns,
employees, officers and directors shall not have any obligation or responsibility, including any
responsibility to award any prize to entrants, with regard to: (a) entries that are ineligible, contain
inaccurate information or do not comply with or violate the Official Rules; (b) entries, prize claims or
notifications that are lost, late, incomplete, illegible, unintelligible, damaged, misdirected (including into
spam or junk folders) or otherwise not received by the intended recipient, in whole or in part for any
reason of any kind; (c) entrants who have committed or are suspected of fraud or deception in entering
or participating in the Sweepstakes or claiming the prize; (d) telephone, electronic, hardware, software,
network, Internet or computer malfunctions, failures or difficulties; (e) any inability of the winner to
accept the prize for any reason; (f) if a prize cannot be awarded due to delays or interruptions due to force
majeure events or any other event beyond Sponsor’s reasonable control; or (g) any damages, injuries or
losses of any kind caused by any prize or resulting from awarding, acceptance, possession, use, misuse,
loss or misdirection of any prize or resulting from participating in this Sweepstakes or any promotion or
prize related activities. Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify any individual it finds
to be (a) tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Sweepstakes, or with any Website
promoting the Sweepstakes; (b) acting in violation of the Official Rules; or (c) entering or attempting to
enter the Sweepstakes multiple times through the use of multiple email addresses or the use of any
robotic or automated devices to submit entries. If Sponsor determines, in its sole discretion, that technical
difficulties or unforeseen events compromise the integrity or viability of the Sweepstakes, Sponsor
reserves the right to void the entries at issue, and/or terminate the relevant portion of the Sweepstakes,
including the entire Sweepstakes, and/or modify the Sweepstakes and/or award the prize from all eligible
entries received as of the termination date.
Limitations of Liability
The Released Parties are not responsible for: (a) any incorrect or inaccurate information, whether caused
by entrants, any miscommunications (in any and all media), printing errors or by any of the equipment or
programming associated with or utilized in the Sweepstakes; (b) technical failures of any kind, including,
but not limited to malfunctions, interruptions, or disconnections in phone lines or network hardware or
software; (c) unauthorized human intervention in any part of the entry process or the Sweepstakes; (d)
technical or human error in the administration of the Sweepstakes or the processing of registration or
entries; or (e) any injury or damage to persons or property which may be caused, directly or indirectly, in
whole or in part, from entrant’s participation in the Sweepstakes or receipt or use or misuse of any prize.
If for any reason an entrant’s registration is confirmed to have been erroneously deleted, lost, or
otherwise destroyed or corrupted, entrant’s sole remedy is another entry in the Sweepstakes, if available.
No more than the stated number of each prize will be awarded.
Disputes
Entrant agrees to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law that: (a) any and all disputes, claims and
causes of action arising out of or connected with this Sweepstakes, or any prizes awarded, shall be
resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action; (b) any and all disputes, claims and causes
of action arising out of or connected with this Sweepstakes, or any prizes awarded, shall be resolved
exclusively by the United States District Court or the appropriate California State Court located in Los
Angeles, California; (c) any and all claims, judgments and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket
costs incurred, including costs associated with entering this Sweepstakes, but in no event attorneys’ fees;
and (d) under no circumstances will entrant be permitted to obtain awards for, and entrant hereby waives
all rights to claim punitive, incidental and consequential damages and any other damages, other than for
actual out-of-pocket expenses, and any and all rights to have damages multiplied or otherwise increased.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. All issues and questions concerning
the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and
obligations of the entrant and Sponsor in connection with the Sweepstakes, shall be governed by, and
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any choice of
law or conflict of law rules (whether of the State of California or any other jurisdiction), which would cause
the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of California.
Entrant’s Personal Information
Information collected from entrants is subject to the Sponsor’s Privacy Policy, which is available at
https://www.evite.com/content/privacy_policy/.
Sweepstakes Results
For Winner list requests, email info@syncmarketing.net with the subject “Evite's SignUp Sheets Clear the
Wishlist Sweepstakes Winners List”. Winner list request available until December 1, 2024.
For questions, send an email to info@syncmarketing.net.
This Sweepstakes is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with prize
manufacturers. Any and all questions, comments or complaints regarding the Sweepstakes must be
directed only to Administrator and not the prize manufacturers, which are not Sponsors, affiliated or
responsible for any part of this Sweepstakes including but not limited to fulfilling any prizing.
Abbreviated rules
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. The Evite's SignUp Sheets Clear the Wishlist Sweepstakes open only to legal
residents of the 50 United States (and DC) who are at least eighteen (18) years old at the time of entry.
Sweepstakes starts on July 1, 2024 about 12:01 a.m. ET and ends on September 22, 2024 at 11:59 p.m.
ET. For odds of winning, prize details and Official Rules visit https://www.evite.com/signup-sheets/. Void
where prohibited. Sponsored by Evite, Inc., 310 E Colorado St, Glendale, CA 91205.
Abbreviated Rules for Instagram
NO PURCH. NEC. Ends 9/22/24. Open to legal res. of 50 U.S., 18+. See Rules in Bio. Void where prohibited.
Not sponsored/endorsed by Instagram.
Evite® and Life's Better Together™ are trademarks of Evite, Inc. in the United States and other countries. The Evite logo and all other Evite-related trademarks are trademarks of Evite, Inc. Please use this mark only to refer to our services. © 2024 Evite. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
About Ads
Do Not Sell My Info
Invitations
eCards
eGift Cards
Blog
Back to top
About Us
Careers
Press
Help
Site Map
Life's Better Together™
✨ Glitter seemed like a good idea at the time.
👶 Your toddler’s new favorite hair accessory? Vanilla frosting.
🌈 If the party theme is rainbow-princess-dinosaur, you know it’s gonna be good.
🧀 When in doubt, serve a charcuterie board.
👵 When grandma’s taken over the dance floor, you know it’s a good party.
🎈 Balloons & bubbles. We’ve just planned your toddler’s party. You’re welcome.
✨ Glitter seemed like a good idea at the time.
👶 Your toddler’s new favorite hair accessory? Vanilla frosting.
🌈 If the party theme is rainbow-princess-dinosaur, you know it’s gonna be good.
🧀 When in doubt, serve a charcuterie board.
👵 When grandma’s taken over the dance floor, you know it’s a good party.