Terms & Conditions | Express.co.uk
Terms & Conditions
These Terms and Conditions govern your use of and your relationship with of all the websites owned and run by Express Newspapers, Reach Magazines Publishing Plc and Reach Magazines Limited (together “we/us”) including Daily Express, Daily Star, Daily Star Sunday, Sunday Express, OK! and new! (“the Site”) Please read these Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Policy carefully before using the Site as they affect your rights and liabilities under the law. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, please do not register for or use the Site. In these Terms and Conditions and in our Privacy Policy "we ", "us" and "our" means Express Newspapers, Reach Magazines Publishing Plc or Reach Magazines Limited and "you" means the individual who is using the Site.
1. Use of The Site
The Site is provided to you free of charge (unless you opt to access the Site under one of our paid-for options) for your personal use subject to these Terms and Conditions. By using the Site you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.
THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DO NOT AFFECT YOUR STATUTORY RIGHTS.
2. Amendments
We may update these Terms and Conditions from time to time and any changes will be notified to you via a suitable announcement on the Site. The changes will apply to the use of the Site after we have given notice. If you do not wish to accept the new Terms and Conditions you should not continue to use the Site. If you continue to use the Site after the date the change comes into effect, your use of the Site indicates your agreement to be bound by the new Terms and Conditions.
3. Availability of the Site
Although we aim to offer you the best service possible, we make no promise that the services at the Site will meet your requirements. We cannot guarantee that the service will be fault free.
Your access to the Site may be occasionally restricted to allow for repairs, maintenance or the introduction of new facilities or services. We will attempt to minimise the periods during which access to the Site is restricted for these reasons.
4. Excluded Services
The services provided by the Site do not include the provision of computer or other necessary equipment to access the Site. To use the Site you will require Internet connectivity and appropriate telecommunications links. We shall not be liable for any telephone or other costs that you may incur.
5. Our Intellectual Property Rights
We, or people we have contracted with, own or are licensed to use all the copyright, database rights or similar rights and information within the Site. You may use the information and reproduce it in hard copy for your personal non-commercial use and reference only. Except where you are using a feature of the Site, such as "e-mail a friend", for personal non-commercial use and reference only, the information on the Site may not otherwise be reproduced, distributed or transmitted to any other person or incorporated in any way into another document or other material without our prior written approval. Any hard copies you make must retain all copyright and proprietary notices. You must not alter or try to alter any words, data, image or other item on the Site other than those items that are intended to be completed or changed by you.
We reserve the right to authorise the Newspaper Licensing Agency and similar reprographic rights organisations in other jurisdictions ("RROs") to distribute or license the distribution of featured material/contributions/commissions throughout the world for RROs' licensed acts and purposes as amended from time to time.
6. Limitations
You may not use the Site for any of the following purposes:
* Disseminating any unlawful, harassing, libellous, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene, otherwise objectionable material;
* Transmitting material that encourages conduct that constitutes a criminal offence, results in civil liability or otherwise breaches any relevant laws, regulations or codes of practice;
* Gaining unauthorised access to other computer systems;
* Interfering with any other person's use or enjoyment of the Site;
* Breaching any laws concerning the use of public telecommunications networks;
* Interfering or disrupting networks or web sites connected to the Site; and
* Making, transmitting or storing electronic copies of the materials protected by copyright without the permission of the owner.
Paid for media monitoring/aggregation services. If you offer a paid for media monitoring/aggregation service or are a user of such a service, you require a licence for your use of the content of the Site. Licences can be obtained from the Newspaper Licensing Agency (www.nla.co.uk).
You will indemnify us against all losses, liabilities, costs and expenses reasonably suffered or incurred by us, all damages awarded against us under any judgement by a court of competent jurisdiction and all settlement sums paid by us as a result of any settlement agreed by us arising out of or in connection with:
* Any claim by any third party that the use of the Site by you is defamatory, offensive or abusive, or of an obscene or pornographic nature, or is illegal or constitutes a breach of any applicable law, regulation or code of practice;
* Any claim by any third party that the use of the Site by you infringes that third party's copyright or other intellectual property rights of whatever nature; and
* Any fines or penalties imposed by any regulatory, advertising or trading body or authority in connection with the use of the Site by you.
7. Our Liability
The Site is provided by us without any warranties or guarantees. You must bear the risks associated with the use of the Internet.
The Site provides content from other Internet sites or resources and while we try to ensure that the material included on the Site is correct, reputable and of high quality, it cannot accept responsibility if this is not the case.
We will not be responsible for any errors or omissions or for results obtained from the use of such information or for any technical problems you may experience with the Site. If we are informed of any inaccuracies in the material on the Site we will attempt to correct the inaccuracies as soon as we reasonably can.
In particular, we disclaim all liabilities in connection with the following:
* Incompatibility of the Site with any of your equipment, software or telecommunications links;
* Technical problems including errors or interruptions of the Site;
* Unsuitability, unreliability or inaccuracy of the Site; and
* Inadequacy of the Site to meet your requirements.
You agree that we will not be liable to you/or any third party for any consequential or incidental damages (including but not limited to loss of revenue, loss of profits, loss of privacy and loss of data) or any other indirect, special or punitive damages whatsoever that arise out of or are related to the Site.
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall exclude our liability for personal injury or death caused by its negligence.
8. Advertising and Sponsorship
Part of the Site may contain advertising and sponsorship. Advertisers and Sponsors are responsible for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion on the Site complies with relevant laws and codes. We will not be responsible for any error or inaccuracy in advertising and sponsorship.
For more on Advertising on this Site, please see our
Privacy Policy
,
Cookie Policy
and
Customise Your Settings
.
For some Sites, you may be able to subscribe to our Privacy Plus service, if you would prefer to have a non-personalised ads experience.  Please see section 9 (Privacy Plus - Subscription Terms) for further details.
9.
Privacy Plus – Subscription Terms
Privacy Plus is a subscription model that is offered on some of the Reach Group’s websites, including the Daily Express website, that provides an option for reviewing this website and the articles on it without personalised advertising or personal advertising data tracking. This means that, in return for a monthly subscription fee you can access the same content without sharing your personal data for advertising purposes.
Please note that a separate subscription and payment of an additional subscription fee will be required for access to Privacy Plus on other Reach Group websites.
For further information on how Privacy Plus works with regard to your personal data, please see our
Privacy Notice
.
You must be at least 18 years old to subscribe to Privacy Plus.
Please do not subscribe to Privacy Plus for the Daily Express Website if you are already an Express Premium subscriber. If you are an Express Premium subscriber, as part of your Express Premium subscription, you receive an ad-free experience on the Daily Express website and therefore there is no additional benefit to subscribing to Privacy Plus as well. The Express Premium Terms of Use can be found
here
.
The cost of each Privacy Plus subscription is £1.99 per month. We reserve the right to increase the cost of the service from time to time. If we intend to increase the cost of the subscription, we will give you 30 days' notice of this. Should we make changes to the other provisions of this section 9 (Privacy Plus - Subscription Terms) of these Terms and Conditions, we will give you seven days' notice of such changes (subject to the fact that we can make amendments to reflect changes in relevant laws and regulatory requirements and to implement minor technical adjustments and improvements, without giving you notice).
You can cancel your subscription at any time by completing the form available
here
, but you will not be entitled to any refund of the latest subscription fee you have paid. However, you will continue to benefit from the Privacy Plus service for the remainder of that latest subscription period.
We may amend or suspend the supply of Privacy Plus to deal with technical problems or make minor technical changes, update the service to reflect changes in relevant laws and regulatory requirements, or make changes to it. If we tell you that we are going to materially amend or suspend the Privacy Plus service for more than 30 days, or withdraw it entirely, you can contact us via the details given in the "GENERAL ENQUIRIES" section below to end your contract with us and we'll refund any sums that you've paid in advance for the part of the service that you won't receive.
We can end your subscription with us and claim any compensation due to us if:
* you don't make any payment to us when it's due and you still don't make payment within 14 days of our reminding you that payment is due;
* you don't, within a reasonable time of us asking for it, provide us with information, cooperation or access that we need to provide Privacy Plus; or
* you breach these Terms and Conditions
We accept no liability for processing of your personal data by third parties where we have instructed them not to do so. We also accept no liability for any issues or temporary interruptions in using Privacy Plus, including where caused by events outside of our control. To the maximum extent allowed by law, we are not liable for any loss or damage resulting from your use of Privacy Plus. We make no guarantees as to the functionality of Privacy Plus, for instance as to the compatibility with your hardware or internet connection. By subscribing to Privacy Plus, you confirm that to the maximum extent allowed by law, your only remedy for any problems or issues with or relating to Privacy Plus is to stop accessing and using the Daily Express website.
We can transfer our contract with you, so that a different organisation is responsible for supplying Privacy Plus to you. You can only transfer your contract with us to someone else if we agree to this. Nobody else has any rights under this contract. This contract is between you and us. Nobody else can enforce it and neither of us will need to ask anybody else to sign off on ending or changing it.
If you have any complaints about the Privacy Plus service, you may contact us via the details given in the "GENERAL ENQUIRIES" section below. Our complaints handling policy is available
here
.
Nothing in this section 9 (Privacy Plus - Subscription Terms) affects your statutory rights under Part 1 of the Consumer Rights Act 2015.
10. Governing Law
These Terms and Conditions are governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England. You agree that the English court shall have exclusive jurisdiction but we may use another court if we choose.
Unless otherwise specified, the Site is directed solely at individuals from the UK. If you choose to access the Site from locations outside the United Kingdom, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
The comments and information contained on this web site do not constitute advice and you should not rely on any content on this web site to make (or refrain from making) any decision or take (or refrain from taking) any action.
We do not make any warranty or representation as to the accuracy or fitness for purpose of any material on this web site or the reliability of the access to this web site.
This web site contains comments, information and material submitted and created by third parties. We do not endorse and have no control over this content. This content is not necessarily reviewed by us prior to posting and does not necessarily reflect the opinions or policies of us. Express Newspapers, Reach Magazines Publishing Plc  and Reach Magazines Limited  excludes all liability for any illegality arising from or error, omission or inaccuracy in such material and we take no responsibility for such material. Express Newspapers, Reach Magazines Publishing Plc  and Reach Magazines Limited  makes no warranties, express or implied, as to the content or to the accuracy and reliability of the content or any material or information that you transmit to other users of the site. We are not responsible for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any user our websites.
11. Miscellaneous
You may not assign, sub-license or otherwise transfer any of your rights under these Terms and Conditions.
If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of that provision will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions, which shall remain in full force and effect.
We shall not be responsible for any breach of these Terms and Conditions caused by circumstances beyond its control.
A person who is not a party to these Terms and Conditions shall have no right under the Contract (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of these Terms and Conditions but this shall not affect any right to remedy of a third party which exists or is available apart from the Act.
The Site is owned and operated by Express Newspapers, Reach Magazines Publishing Plc and Reach Magazines Limited companies registered in England and Wales whose registered office is at The Northern & Shell Building, Number 10 Lower Thames Street, London EC3R 6EN.
12. Amazon EU Associates Programme
We are a participant in the Amazon EU Associates Programme, an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to
www.amazon.co.uk
.
13. Legal information and how to contact us
Under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) we have to say who the 'controller' is for services provided through our sites. The controller is the department responsible for protecting information and, in our case, this is the Data Protection Manager, Express Newspapers, One Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 5AP or emailing us at
dataprotection@reachplc.com
.
If you would like to exercise your data subject rights or have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please address your request to the ‘Data Protection Team’ at the address shown or email above.
14. GENERAL ENQUIRIES
For all general enquiries regarding the Daily Express, Daily Star, Daily Star Sunday, Sunday Express, OK! and new!. websites please contact us using the details below.
Email
:
Expresswebnews@reachplc.com
Phone General Enquiries
:  020 7293 3000
Address
: Express Online Electronic Customer Relationship Management Department
One Canada Square,
Canary Wharf,
London
E14 5AP
UK
Woman finally learns the truth 10 years after cat went missing
Ex-Labour councillor sent naked photos to '13-year-old girl'
'Sick and twisted' teacher jailed for having sex with 16-year-old schoolgirls
Netflix drama Adolescence inspires parents to adopt stricter online safety measures
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
Find us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on Instagram
Follow us on Snapchat
Check our YouTube channel
Subscribe to our rss feed
TODAY'S PAPER
Tuesday, 10th February 2026
See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
IPSO Regulated
Copyright ©2026 Express Newspapers. "Daily Express" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated
Keep me updated
No thanks