Guidelines for Submitting Photos to Family Tree
FamilySearch Blog
Categories
About FamilySearch
How to Use FamilySearch
What's New at FamilySearch
For Latter-day Saints
Inspiration and Resources
Temple and Family History Callings
For the Whole Family
Easy Activities
Record Your Story
Genealogy Research
Genealogy Records
Research Tips
Websites, Apps, and Tools
Heritage and History
Heritage
History
News and Events
News
RootsTech Blog
Spotlights
Subscribe
Guidelines for Submitting Photos to Family Tree
By
Steve Anderson
January 21, 2014
Share
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Principles for Photos
By posting family photographs on the FamilySearch Photos website, you can share your precious photographs of your ancestors with other family members. Many family members may not even know that these photos you are submitting even exist. These precious photographs allow other family members and friends come to know and cultivate a deeper appreciation for with these ancestors.
When submitting a photograph to Family Tree, you must follow some basic but important guidelines and policies. These guidelines and polices ensure that people's visit to Family Tree is as pleasant and rewarding as possible. The following principles and guidelines listed below apply to all photos that are submitted to Family Tree.
Appropriate. Photos should support appropriate standards of modesty and virtue.
Relevant. They should support a family history purpose.
Heart-turning. They should support individuals coming to know and love their ancestors.
Noncommercial. They should not advertise or promote products. They should not infringe on intellectual property rights.
Photo Screening Policy Guidelines
No nudity or immodesty. Clothing should be zipped and buttoned properly.
No sacred or other religious clothing is allowed if it is displayed in a way that desecrates an associated religious belief.
No cross-dressing.
No body shots without a head or face.
No product or website endorsements. Logos and wording on clothing or on billboards, trucks, etc. will be evaluated individually.
No profanity.
No images of illegal acts, products, or services. This includes drugs.
No vulgarity or vulgar gestures.
No expressions of hatred or discrimination.
No images of violence and mutilation.
War, hunting, and fishing photos will be evaluated individually.
Photos with piercings and tattoos will be evaluated individually.
No promotions of racism.
No promotions of current productions, causes, or charities.
No commercial photos. The only exceptions are:
You have legal rights to the photo.
The copyright has expired.
Photos edited in such a way as to make them inaccurate, false, or misleading are not allowed.
Any group shot that contains even one individual that violates any of the guidelines in this document is not allowed.
View the Photo Screening Policy Guidelines
online.
FamilySearch Content Submission Agreement
FamilySearch International and its affiliated websites or other entities (“FamilySearch,” “we”, “us”, or similar terms), is a nonprofit organization affiliated with The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. The liability and obligations of FamilySearch in connection with the publishing of any data contributed by you is strictly limited by the website Terms of Use and by this Agreement. This Agreement restates and/or supplements the FamilySearch website’s Terms of Use; it does not replace the Terms of Use. Both the Terms of Use and this Agreement are incorporated into each other as if explicitly recited, each in the other. By submitting, contributing or posting family history information to the FamilySearch website, you agree to the FamilySearch website Terms of Use and the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
You are Responsible for Your Contributed Data
. The decision to upload information, content, and other materials (collectively, “Contributed Data”) to FamilySearch sites is your responsibility. All information that you post will be displayed and is available for others to search, view or hear. Do not contribute data which you do not want to be accessed by others.
Right to Submit
. By submitting data to this site, you affirm that you have the legal right to contribute that data and that submission will not violate any third party’s privacy rights, publicity rights, contract rights, copyrights, or other proprietary rights. By affirming your legal right to submit content, you accept legal responsibility for our use of your Contributed Data.
Copyright.
We are sensitive to the copyright and other intellectual property rights of others. Be aware that content, including photographs, stories, and personal experiences, even if submitted to a site to which you belong, remains the property of the creator or submitter. You should not reproduce it without permission of the owner. Photographs of living individuals, except your own minor children, must not be posted without their consent. When creating an audio / voice recording, the personal content recorded should be your own, or if the creation of another, (for example a poem or article), used by permission of the owner.
Licenses and Rights Granted to Us.
By submitting content to FamilySearch, you grant FamilySearch an unrestricted, fully paid-up, royalty-free, worldwide, and perpetual license to use any and all information, content, and other materials (collectively, “Contributed Data”) that you submit or otherwise provide to this site (including, without limitation, genealogical data and discussions and data relating to deceased persons) for any and all purposes, in any and all manners, and in any and all forms of media that we, in our sole discretion, deem appropriate for the furtherance of our mission to promote family history and genealogical research. As part of this license, you give us permission to copy, publicly display, transmit, broadcast, and otherwise distribute your Contributed Data throughout the world, by any means we deem appropriate (electronic or otherwise, including the Internet). You also understand and agree that as part of this license, we have the right to create derivative works from your Contributed Data by combining all or a portion of it with that of other contributors or by otherwise modifying your Contributed Data.
Accuracy of Contributed Data.
You agree to provide true, accurate and complete information. If any information you provide is, in our sole and absolute discretion, false or misleading, we shall have the right, but not the obligation, to take any remedial or preventative action we deem appropriate in our sole discretion, including restricting access and/or deleting or editing any of your Contributed Data.
Sensitivity to Other Users.
We ask you to be selective in submitting your Contributed Data. We reserve the right to remove any Contributed Data which we believe, in our sole discretion, to be irrelevant to the deceased individual; which includes information that might harm or embarrass living relatives; which is offensive, indecent, inappropriate, threatening, abusive, or which otherwise violates this Agreement. We may also take any action, including restricting access for violations of this Agreement and notifying law enforcement of any activity which appears in our sole discretion to violate applicable law.
Automated Screening.
We reserve the right, without obligation, to monitor and edit your Contributed Data. We use automated filtering tools to suppress Contributed Data which appears in our best judgment to pertain to a living person or which violates the FamilySearch Terms of Use or this Agreement. Although we are not obligated to do so, we reserve the right to edit your Contributed Data for any or no reason.
Care of Submissions.
We intend to use reasonable efforts to preserve the integrity of your Contributed Data and to avoid errors or omissions in the content of this site. We provide the opportunity to submit information subject to the FamilySearch Terms of Use and this Agreement. This Service is provided “AS IS” and we shall be neither responsible nor liable for errors or omissions in any content you may find on this site, nor for loss, damage, or corruption of Contributed Data that you submit. You may withdraw any of your Contributed Data from FamilySearch sites, but we shall not be required to remove links or references to withdrawn Contributed Data. We are not liable for any special or consequential damages resulting from your submission of Contributed Data or our refusal to accept your Contributed Data. Please see the site Terms of Use for further information.
Data Protection Laws.
If you are located outside the United States, you consent to the processing in the United States of America of any personal data that you submit. You also agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of personal information to or from the United States of America and the country in which you reside.
Code of Conduct.
Please carefully read the Code of Conduct section of the FamilySearch Terms of Use, which applies to this Agreement.
View the
FamilySearch Content Submission Agreement
online.
Tags
Why Family History Matters
About the Author
Steve Anderson