Terms of Use | Famous Birthdays
popular
trending
video
trivia
random
Terms of Use
Famous Birthdays requires all visitors to its platform to review and comply with these Terms of Use. By viewing, downloading, or accessing the platform, you demonstrate your acceptance to these terms. If you do not wish to comply with or accept the following terms, please do not visit or use information obtained from our platform.
Famous Birthdays may contain links to third-party websites, advertisers, services, or offers which are not maintained or controlled by Famous Birthdays. Famous Birthdays does not endorse or assume any responsibility for the third parties website, products or services. Furthermore, Famous Birthdays is not responsible for the content of these websites or the manner in which information may be collected on these websites and used by any third party. Your participation and relationship with any advertisers found on Famous Birthdays, are entirely between you and the respective advertiser. Famous Birthdays is not responsible for any loss or damage arising from your use or visit to a third party website that you found on Famous Birthdays.
Each celebrity on our platform is there for informational purposes only. Their presence on our platform does not constitute their endorsement of our platform or their endorsement of the information found on our platform in any way, shape, or form. By the same token, the presence of a given celebrity on Famous Birthdays does not imply our endorsement of that person.
We don't warranty the accuracy or suitability of the information found on our platform for any particular purpose. We acknowledge that such information and materials could contain inaccuracies and we thus absolve ourselves of any liability for any such inaccuracies to the extent permitted by law. We do encourage our users, any celebrity, and any representative of any celebrity, profiled on Famous Birthdays, to
contact us
regarding any potential inaccuracy found on our platform.
Celebrities and/or their representatives are free to submit a profile removal request to Famous Birthdays.  Please feel free to submit a
profile removal request
.
Celebrity images on Famous Birthdays are published with permission.  Many were licensed from
PRPHOTOS.com
.  We also use publicly licensed and public domain images from elsewhere, when these images are used, we are in compliance with any applicable license terms.  Please feel free to
contact us
if you have a question or concern about any image found on our platform.
Based on our user activity, we have compiled popularity rankings for each celebrity profiled on our platform. These popularity rankings are proprietary to our platform, and are not to be retransmitted, scraped, or archived without the express written consent of Famous Birthdays.  Famous Birthdays disclaims all implied warranties in our rankings for accuracy and fitness for any particular purpose.  You agree not to use or implement any automated, paid, or otherwise inauthentic activity to manipulate our popularity rankings.
Our platform contains copyrighted material including, but not limited to, text and video. Famous Birthdays owns copyright in the arrangement, enhancement, and selection of it's content, in addition to any original content. You are prohibited from publishing, transmitting, copying, leveraging, archiving, or exploiting the content published on our platform.
By using Famous Birthdays, you agree to use information found on our site only for appropriate and legal purposes in compliance with the law. You also agree that any information obtained on Famous Birthdays cannot be used to harass or embarrass any individual. Famous Birthdays is not a consumer reporting agency as defined in the Fair Credit Reporting Act. As such, any information found on Famous Birthdays is not intended to be used for the purpose of furnishing any type of consumer report. You can also not use any information on Famous Birthdays as a factor in (1) evaluating an individual for employment, (2) establishing an individuals eligibility for personal credit or insurance (3) evaluating any other personal business transaction with another individual.
By submitting text, image, video, or any other type of content to Famous Birthdays, you represent that you have all rights to grant Famous Birthdays a royalty free, assignable, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide license to use the content in anyway that we deem fit. By submitting content to Famous Birthdays via our website, email, social networks, or any other method; you give us the before mentioned multiple rights to use it. Celebrities and/or their representatives with a profile on our platform, whom submit text, image, video, or any other type content to Famous Birthdays, grant Famous Birthdays a royalty free, assignable, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide license to use the content in anyway that we deem fit. When a celebrity with a profile on our platform, or the celebrities representation, approves us to select text, image, video, or any other type of content from their social media accounts or personal webpage; you grant us the before mentioned multiple rights to use it.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless, Famous Birthdays and its owners, officers, agents and employees from and against any and all damages, costs, liabilities, actions, claims and expenses (including attorneys fees) arising from your use of the platform.
By using select Famous Birthdays' services which leverage YouTube subscriber counts, users agree to be bound by the
YouTube Terms of Service
.
Our terms of use are binding upon, and will inure to the benefit of the parties to these agreements, and their successors and assigns.
As required by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), Pub. L. 105-304, Famous Birthdays has an agent designated to receive any notification of alleged copyright infringement occurring on the Famous Birthdays platform. If you believe that your copyrighted work has been infringed upon on the Famous Birthdays platform, please notify our agent. Here is contact information for our designated agent:
Attn: DMCA Agent
2800 28th Street  Suite 308
Santa Monica, CA
90405
The DMCA does require that any infringement claim be in writing and that it includes the following information:
A physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or the person authorized to act on its behalf
A description of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed
A description of the infringing material and information reasonably sufficient to permit Famous Birthdays to locate the material
Your contact information so that Famous Birthdays can contact you
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalties of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner
About
Contact
Privacy
Terms
© FamousBirthdays.com - use subject to the practices disclosed in our privacy policy
Privacy Manager