Terms of Use  | Fat Quarter Shop
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
Home
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Terms of Use were last updated on 2/20/2026.
Copyright and Trademark:
All original contents of this website, including but not limited to words, images and sounds, are © 2003 - 2025 Fat Quarter Shop, LLC. All rights reserved. You may not reproduce, copy, download or distribute any content of this site without first obtaining Fat Quarter Shop, LLC's express written authorization unless otherwise authorized by law.
Trademarks appearing on this website, including but not limited to Fat Quarter Shop, LLC’s trademarks FAT QUARTER SHOP and FATQUARTERSHOP.COM, are the property of their respective owner and may not be reproduced without their owners' express permission. The design and layout of Fat Quarter Shop's website is protected as trade dress and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part.
Use of Digital Images:
All images on the Fat Quarter Shop website are the intellectual property of Fat Quarter Shop. All rights reserved. Any use of any images on the Fat Quarter Shop website, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, replication, without the express written permission is strictly prohibited.
Accuracy of Information:
Fat Quarter Shop strives to ensure that all information on our site is accurate, complete, and current.  However, there may be occasions when the information on our site and/or other channels of communications may contain typographical errors, outdated information, or other inaccuracies.  Fat Quarter Shop reserves the right to change or update information and to correct errors, inaccuracies or omissions at any time without prior notice. This includes, but is not limited to, pricing, availability, and description. Fat Quarter Shop reserves the right, at our sole discretion, to terminate any orders involving pricing errors, inventory errors, or other inaccuracies.
User Generated Content:
Fat Quarter Shop welcomes your product reviews, site reviews and other user generated content.  This feedback not only informs other fellow users, it also provides us information on how to continually improve user experience.
By submitting user generated content you agree that it will be accurate; will not violate any law or regulation; and/or will not violate copyright, trademark, or privacy rights. Harmful material, malicious content, solicitations, and spam are all strictly prohibited. Fat Quarter Shop assumes no liability for user generated content.  By submitting user generated content, you grant Fat Quarter Shop the license to use, display, publish, copy, edit, or otherwise repurpose the content without compensation.
Fat Quarter Shop reserves the right to do any or all of the following at our sole discretion: monitor user generated content; alter, remove or refuse to post content; and/or disclose any user generated content to any third party.  Fat Quarter Shop neither endorses, verifies nor is responsible for any opinion, advice, or statements made by users or other third parties.
Statement of Accessibility:
At Fat Quarter Shop, we are committed to ensuring accessibility for all individuals, including those with disabilities. We aim to provide an accessible and inclusive online shopping experience on our ecommerce website. We are continuously working with our technology partners to maintain and improve the accessibility and usability of our website to adhere to the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.1.
Contact Us:
If you encounter any accessibility barriers or have suggestions for improving the accessibility of our website, please
contact us
. Your feedback is valuable to us as we strive to provide an exceptional online shopping experience for all users.
Promo Codes, Coupons and Special Offers:
Promo codes can not be combined with other offers, discounts and/or promotions. Generally, only one promo code may be used per order. Some exclusions may apply. Unless otherwise specified, promotional offers exclude gift certificates, clubs and pre-orders. Each promo code and/or special offer is valid for a limited time only and expires on the date specified in the offer. Promo codes are subject to product availability. Promo codes and special offers can not be retroactively applied to previous orders.  Fat Quarter Shop reserves the right to deny fraudulent use of a promotional code.
Refer-a-Friend Program Terms & Conditions:
As a participant of Fat Quarter Shop’s Refer-a-Friend Program, you are subject to Fat Quarter Shop’s Terms of Use and Fat Quarter Shop’s Privacy Policy, as well as the following additional Terms & Conditions for Fat Quarter Shop’s Refer-a-Friend Program:
Qualified Referral:
A Qualified Referral is defined as a first-time purchase made at www.fatquartershop.com by a person (a "Referred Customer") who arrives to our website by clicking your unique Refer-a-Friend program link. You are limited to one Qualified Referral for each Referred Customer; in other words, additional/repeat purchases made by a Referred Customer are not counted as additional Qualified Referrals. Referral links shared to or obtained through other sources (for example, posting to third-party websites) will not be honored.
Referred Customer:
The Referred Customer and the Referrer cannot be the same person (for example, by using a different email address) or from the same household. The Referred Customer must complete an order on www.fatquartershop.com and must not have made a previous order with Fat Quarter Shop before to earn Referral Credits. Self-referrals are strictly prohibited. Attempting to make a self-referral will be grounds for immediate termination of your account and exclusion from Fat Quarter Shop’s Refer-a-Friend program. Any discounts or other benefits received from the program via a self-referral will be forfeited.
Referral Discounts:
For you to earn referral rewards as a Referrer, the Referred Customer must complete a first-time order greater than $50 in total value, minus all fees including taxes, discounts, shipping, returns, chargebacks, and/or fraudulent payments. Purchase of gift certificates are excluded from the program; other exclusions may apply. Referral Discounts are not redeemable for cash, gift certificates, and cannot be used on previous purchases. Referral Discounts cannot be applied to clubs, programs or pre-orders. Referral Discounts are not valid on tax or shipping, and cannot be combined with other offers or promotions. Only one Referral Discount can be used per order. Fat Quarter Shop reserves the right to deny and/or cancel Referral Discounts that are fraudulently obtained and/or used.
Eligibility:
Eligibility is limited to individuals only. Fat Quarter Shop’s Refer-a-Friend Program cannot be used by businesses for affiliate lead generation and posted on discount sites. Fat Quarter Shop affiliates, distributors, wholesalers and suppliers are not eligible to participate. Employees of Fat Quarter Shop as well as the immediate family and household members of each such employee are not eligible.
Spam:
By participating in this program, you agree to comply with all up-to-date laws, including, but not limited to the CAN SPAM Act. Any distribution of your unique referral link that could constitute unsolicited commercial email or "spam" under any applicable law or regulation is expressly prohibited and will be grounds for immediate termination of your account and exclusion from Fat Quarter Shop’s Refer-a-Friend program.
Right to Close Accounts:
Fat Quarter Shop reserves the right to close the account(s) of any Referrer and/or Referred Customer and to request proper payment if the Referrer and/or Referred Customer attempts to use the Fat Quarter Shop Refer-a-Friend program in a questionable manner or breaches any of these Terms & Conditions or is in violation of any law, statute or governmental regulation.
Right to Cancel Program or Change Terms:
Fat Quarter Shop reserves the right to cancel the Refer-a-Friend Program or to change these Terms & Conditions at any time in its sole discretion without notice. Any unclaimed Referral Credits will be forfeited at that time.
Contest Rules:
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. ALL FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, AND MUNICIPAL LAWS AND REGULATIONS APPLY. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED.
Eligibility:
Contests are open to legal residents of the fifty (50) United States and the District of Columbia who are at least eighteen years old at the time of entry. Employees of Fat Quarter Shop and other companies associated with the contest as well as the immediate family and household members of each such employee are not eligible.
Agreement to Official Rules:
Participation in a contest constitutes entrant’s full and unconditional agreement to and acceptance of the Official Rules and the decisions of Fat Quarter Shop. Winning a prize is contingent upon being eligible and compliant with official rules and fulfilling all other requirements set forth.
How to Enter:
No purchase necessary. Eligible persons may enter an ongoing contest by emailing kimberly@fatquartershop.com. Entry email must include the following information: contest name, entrant’s name, entrant’s mailing address, entrant’s phone number, entrant’s email address and entrant’s date of birth. Limit one (1) entry per person, per email address, and per household for the duration of the contest period. Entries received in excess of the stated limitation will be void.
Winner Notification:
The potential winners will be notified by email, mail, or phone. If a potential winner cannot be contacted, Fat Quarter Shop may select an alternate potential winner from the remaining eligible entries.
General Conditions:
In the event that the administration of a contest is impaired in anyway for any reason, including, but not limited to fraud, unauthorized human intervention or other technical problem; Fat Quarter Shop reserves the right to suspend, alter, or terminate the contest. Prizes may be awarded at random from among eligible, non-suspect entries. Fat Quarter Shop, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to void any suspected entries that are deemed fraudulent or otherwise against the rules and/or spirit of the contest.
Release and Limitations of Liability:
By participating in a contest, entrants agree to release from liability and hold harmless Fat Quarter Shop and any other parties associated with the contest. Entrant waives the right to claim any damages whatsoever.
Privacy Information:
Information collected from entrants is subject to Fat Quarter Shop Privacy Policy.
Stay in the know!
Get info on new items, sales and specials straight to your inbox.
Email Address
Email Address
Subscribe
Fat Quarter Shop
Contact Us
425 Plum Creek Meadows,
Kyle, TX 78640
Email Us:
service@fatquartershop.com
Toll Free*:
1.866.826.2069
facebook
youtube
instagram
pinterest
tiktok
Quick Links
Track Your Order
Shipping & Delivery
Returns
Help Center
Contact Us
Our Story
Careers
Customer Reviews
Sew Sampler Box
Sign Up For Texts
Shop
What’s New
Top Sellers
On Sale
Coming Soon
24 Hour Flash Sale
Yardage
Fabric Collections
Cross Stitch
Crochet & Knitting
Quilting Clubs
Sew Alongs
Gift Certificates
Featured Categories
Fat Quarter Bundles
Jelly Rolls
Layer Cakes
Charm Packs
Quilt Kits
Quilt Panels
Quilt Backing Fabric
Christmas Fabric
Flannel Quilting Fabric
Moda Fabrics
Riley Blake Designs
Lori Holt
Learning Center
Jolly Jabber Blog
Resource Center
Quilting Videos
Cross Stitch Videos
Learn How to Cross Stitch
Cross Stitch Calculator
Cross Stitch Newsletter
Guide to Precuts
Free Quilt Patterns
Free Cross Stitch Patterns
facebook
youtube
instagram
pinterest
tiktok
*
By texting us, you consent to receive text messages from Fat Quarter Shop at the TFN number you used to text and you are opting-in to receive future messages or a phone call to the number you provided. Message & Data rates may apply. Reply STOP anytime to opt-out.
abc:
fghfghhfghgf
Trademark, Copyright © 2026 Fat Quarter Shop, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Certain standard character and stylized design marks on this website and on products described on this website are the registered trademarks of Fat Quarter Shop, LLC.
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use