
Terms and Conditions - Blue Cross and Blue Shield's Federal Employee Program
Terms and Privacy
The following terms and conditions govern your use of the fepblue.org website, the MyBlue mobile application, and the MyBlue Portal.
Welcome! The following terms and conditions (“terms and conditions”) govern your use of the fepblue.org website, the MyBlue mobile application, and the MyBlue Portal (collectively, the “Website”). By accessing, viewing, or using the material on the Website, you indicate that you understand and intend these Terms and Conditions to be the legal equivalent of a signed, written contract, and equally binding, and that you accept such Terms and Conditions and agree to be legally bound by them. If you do not agree with these terms and conditions, you are not granted permission to use the Website, and should exit immediately.
Please Note: This Website offers a summary of some of the features of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Service Benefit Plan. Before making a final decision, please read the
Blue Cross and Blue Shield Service Benefit Plan Brochure
. All benefits are subject to the definitions, limitations and exclusions included in the brochure. Benefits under the non-FEHBP programs are neither offered as part of nor guaranteed under the Blue Cross and Blue Shield contract with the U.S. Office of Personnel Management (OPM) to provide healthcare to Federal employees and annuitants. These benefits are only available to contract holders and covered family members enrolled in the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Service Benefit Plan. The cost of these benefits is not included in your premium.
General Information:
The Blue Cross Blue Shield Association (BCBSA) is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, USA. The independent local Blue Cross and Blue Shield Plans in the United States underwrite and provide customer service and claims processing functions for Blue Cross and Blue Shield Service Benefit Plan members worldwide.
Questions and comments, including the reporting of any non-functioning links in the Website, should be submitted to the local Blue Cross and Blue Shield Plan. You may call the Plan at the customer service number located on the back of your member ID card during regular business hours or you can submit an electronic inquiry using the Customer eService link provided on our homepage. Additionally, for questions related to the use of the Website, you may contact the National Information Center via telephone at 1-800-411-BLUE (2583) on weekdays from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. Eastern Time (excluding holidays).
If you are not a Service Benefit Plan member, the number for the local Blue Cross and Blue Shield company can be found in the
Contact Us
section of this Website.
1. Protected access website:
The Website and its contents are primarily intended for use by members covered under, and persons eligible to enroll in, the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Service Benefit Plan. All passwords used to access specific areas of the website must be kept confidential. Under no circumstances should you share your password with or provide access to the website for an unauthorized person or entity.
2. Proprietary rights:
All material contained in the Website is protected by law, including without limitation United States copyright law. BCBSA also owns a copyright in the Website as a collective work and/or compilation, and in the selection, coordination, arrangement, organization and enhancement of website content. Removing or altering the copyright notice on any material on the Website is prohibited. Unless otherwise indicated, Blue Cross and Blue Shield companies and their controlled affiliates may reproduce and distribute content solely for use in conjunction with the conduct of their own businesses, provided that all copyright notices are included and the content is not materially altered. Unless otherwise indicated, prior written consent is required in order to modify or create derivative works based upon the content of this Website. All trademarks, service marks or other logos featured on the Website are protected by law. BCBSA is the owner of the copyright in the entire content (including images, text, and look and feel attributes) of the Website and reserves all rights in that regard. ANY COPYING, POSTING, LINKING, DEEP LINKING, OR OTHERWISE MODIFYING OF THE SITE WITHOUT THE EXPRESS WRITTEN PERMISSION OF BCBSA IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED. Removing or altering the copyright notice on any material on the Website is prohibited. Any commercial use of the Website content is prohibited without the prior written consent of BCBSA. Use or misuse of these trademarks, service marks or logos is expressly prohibited and may violate federal and state law.
Please be advised that BCBSA actively and aggressively enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.
3. Appropriate Use:
You may not use the Website to send offensive or disruptive material, including without limitation offensive sexual, racial or gender related material, material that violates the Association’s non-discrimination policies, viruses or other material that may disrupt or interfere with hardware or software functionality, or spam. Notwithstanding the foregoing, BCBSA is not responsible and shall not be liable for the content posted to or sent from the Website by visitors or persons, other than BCBSA employees, in email, forums, surveys, search bar functions, or by any other means (“User Generated Content”). Opinions or comments contained in such content reflect the views of the author and not of BCBSA unless BCBSA expressly states to the contrary.
You acknowledge and agree that BCBSA has the right (but not the obligation) to do any or all of the following at any time: (a) monitor User Generated Content; (b) remove or refuse to post any User Generated Content; and/or (c) disclose User Generated Content to any third party, and the circumstances surrounding submission.
Nothing contained, expressed, or implied on this Website is intended as nor shall be construed as medical advice. No doctor-patient relationship is established between BCBSA and you by reason of your use of this Website or under any circumstances whatsoever. Individual inquiries about medical issues, or sensitive or confidential matters should be addressed to the appropriate healthcare professionals. You should not rely upon the Website in any way in the event of an emergency health situation. In such an emergency situation, the user should instead call 911 or his/her healthcare provider.
4. Contributions to the Site:
BCBSA welcomes your input, feedback, and suggestions about how to improve our products and services, and this Website. By transmitting any suggestions, material, information, or other content (collectively, “content”) to BCBSA, you automatically grant BCBSA the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, redistribute, transmit, perform and display such content (in whole or part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in such content. Further, unless otherwise agreed to in advance, BCBSA is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques, and suggestions contained in any communications you send to this Site for any purpose whatsoever, including, without limitation, creating and marketing products and/or services using such information.
You can submit your feedback and suggestions to your local Blue Cross and Blue Shield company. The addresses for each local company are available in the
Contact Us
section of this Website.
5. Corrections and changes:
This Website and the MyBlue Portal may be unavailable from time to time for any reason including, without limitation, maintenance. You understand and acknowledge that the Site may be interrupted, suspended and terminated from time to time. While we endeavor to keep the materials on the Website up to date, BCBSA cannot assume responsibility for any errors or omissions in these materials. BCBSA further does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information, text, graphics, links or other items contained within these materials. BCBSA may make changes to these materials, or to the products or services described herein, at any time without notice, and makes no commitment to update the information contained herein.
BCBSA reserves the right to terminate your access to this Website in the event that you violate these terms and conditions, or for any reason whatever.
6. Links to other websites:
If you choose to use any of the links we provide to Blue Cross and Blue Shield member companies, vendors, and other third party resources, you may be directed to a new Website. BCBSA does not control, endorse, promote, or have any affiliation with any other Website unless expressly stated on the Website. Protection of your privacy at all third party sites will be governed by the privacy policy at that site. If you decide to opt-out or not accept the terms and conditions of certain of our third party vendor sites, you will not be able to use our interactive features, including but not limited to MyBlue, Health Tools (WebMD, Harte Hanks, etc), CVS/Caremark, GeoBlue, Telehealth Services, and the National Doctor and Hospital Finder.
7. Use of the Internet:
Use of the Internet is solely at your own risk and is subject to all applicable state, national and international laws and regulations. Neither BCBSA nor its affiliates will be liable for any loss resulting from a cause over which they do not have direct control, including but not limited to failure of electronic or mechanical equipment or communication lines, telephone or other interconnect problems, computer viruses, unauthorized access, theft, operator errors, severe weather, earthquakes, natural disasters, strikes or other labor problems, wars, or governmental restrictions.
8. Confidentiality and security cannot be guaranteed:
Please be advised that the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted using the public Internet or non-secure Internet electronic mail cannot be guaranteed. Similarly, we cannot guarantee the confidentiality of key word searches using the search bar on the Website.  We recommend individuals refrain from including PHI or personal information in such searches.
While this Website resides on the public Internet, we use software to help protect the confidentiality and security of communications transmitted to Blue Cross and Blue Shield companies from
www.fepblue.org
. Notwithstanding these efforts, BCBSA cannot guarantee the confidentiality and security of such electronic communications.
9. Privacy statement:
We have a privacy statement disclosing what information we collect about visitors, how we use such information, the steps we take to secure such information, how you can view and correct such information, and how you can decline to have information about you collected or used. Please visit the
Privacy Policy
section to learn more.
Service Benefit Plan members may modify and access certain types of personal information, including Protected Health Information (PHI) under the Customer eService feature of the Website. To request an amendment to any of the personal information or PHI that is available under the Customer eService feature of the Website, you must contact your local Blue Cross and Blue Shield Plan unless it is indicated that you can make those changes in eService section of the Website. Each Blue Cross and Blue Shield Plan and our Business Partners have their own Privacy Policy and terms and conditions, which may differ from those on this Website.
10. No legal advice:
Nothing contained, expressed, or implied in this Website is intended as, nor shall be construed or understood as, legal advice, guidance, or interpretation. No attorney-client relationship is established between BCBSA and you by reason of your use of this Website or under any circumstances whatever. The information in this Website is for general informational purposes only. If you have questions about any law, statute, regulation, or requirement expressly or implicitly referenced in this Website, you should contact your own legal counsel.
11. Securities information:
This Website and the information contained herein does not constitute an offer or a solicitation of an offer for the purchase or sale of any securities. The Website may contain information and press releases about BCBSA, Blue Cross and Blue Shield companies and controlled affiliates and business partners, and although this information was believed to be accurate as of the date prepared, BCBSA disclaims any duty or obligation to update such information. To the extent that any information is deemed to be a “forward looking statement” as defined in the rules and regulations of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, such information is intended to fit within the “safe harbor” for forward looking information and is subject to material risk factors, which may or may not be disclosed herein.
12. Disclosure for uses and response times for email, electronic messages, and other communications transmitted via the Website:
BCBSA makes no guarantees about its response to emails, electronic messages, and other communications transmitted in response to services available through our Business Partners accessed through this Website. However, it will attempt to answer all such communications brought to our attention within 30 days of receipt of such communication.
13. Editorial Policy:
Our mission is to give our members well written, up-to-date, trustworthy and accurate online benefit and health-related information about the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Service Benefit Plan to empower our members to make informed and appropriate decisions about their health insurance coverage and healthcare needs.
We take prudent steps to ensure we do not provide false and/or misleading information on this Website. The information on this Website is not intended to replace the advice of a physician or other healthcare professional. Always consult your physician to determine your personal healthcare needs.
Material on the Website is updated on a regular basis and reviewed at least annually to ensure the information is up-to-date and accurate.
The Blue Cross Blue Shield Association creates original content for web information and for our newsletters. We identify the subjects for the articles based upon what is happening in healthcare, in the federal healthcare environment and in the lives of all our members. Web features and topics include a more detailed explanation of benefits available under the Service Benefit Plan coverage, such as dental care, preventive care, incentive programs and Medicare. We also provide information about how new laws affect you and your coverage and the benefit changes for the upcoming year.
Health-related information and newsletter articles highlight emerging trends, such as healthy living. Articles on specific health related topics, such as diabetes, smoking cessation and fitness, are based on information available on our Health Tools website, and as needed other sources, such as
www.cdc.gov
.
All newsletters include authorship and source identification for each article, and are dated on the contents pages. Health-related information is dated and has source identification. Articles in the online newsletter and other information on the Website, may be written by various individuals. Where appropriate, we will include a summary of the person’s experience and qualifications. While we believe the articles we provide contain up-to-date and accurate information, regardless of the authorship, we cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information.
Material for the Website is reviewed by BCBSA. The scope of the review responsibility includes but is not limited to:
Overseeing development, implementation and maintenance of Website principles and standards
Establishing editorial policy standards and overseeing implementation
Evaluating the quality of member communications on the features of this Website
Identifying opportunities for improvement and establishing priorities among them
Evaluating the Website to oversee compliance with regulatory and accreditation standards
All Blue Cross Blue Shield Association authors and content providers are required to avoid any situation where a conflict could or appear to exist between their personal interests and those of the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association. Compliance with this policy requires full disclosure of any potential or actual conflicts of interest so a determination can be made whether a conflict actually exists and to eliminate or avoid a conflict. BCBSA employees are required to sign annual Disclosure Agreements. BCBSA employees are also required to annually certify knowledge of the code of ethics.
This Website does not accept advertising nor does it receive funds from advertising.
14. Disclaimer of Warranty and Liability:
USE OF WWW.FEPBLUE.ORG AND THE MYBLUE PORTAL IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. NEITHER THE BLUE CROSS BLUE SHIELD ASSOCIATION NOR THEIR AFFILIATES ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONSEQUENCES OF RELIANCE ON ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED OR SUBMITTED TO THIS WEBSITE, AND THE RISK OF INJURY FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU. THESE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. BCBSA SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST REVENUES OR LOST PROFITS, WHICH MAY RESULT FROM THE USE OF, ACCESS TO, OR INABILITY TO USE THESE MATERIALS. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF BCBSA TO YOU EXCEED THE PRICE PAID FOR USE OF WWW.FEPBLUE.ORG.
15. Indemnification:
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless BCBSA, its affiliates and subsidiaries, and all of their respective directors, officers, employees, representatives, proprietors, partners, shareholders, servants, principals, agents, predecessors, successors, assigns, and attorneys from and against any and all claims, proceedings, damages, injuries, liabilities, losses, costs, and expenses (including attorney’s fees and litigation expenses) relating to or arising from your use of the Website and any breach by you of these terms and conditions.
16. Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) Notice:
BCBSA is committed to complying with copyright and related laws, and requires all users of the Site to comply with these laws. You may not store, post, modify, distribute, reproduce in any way, use or disseminate any material or content though the Site in any manner that constitutes an infringement of third party intellectual property rights, including rights granted by copyright law.
Owners of copyrighted works who believe that their rights under copyright law have been infringed may take advantage of certain provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the “DMCA”) to report alleged infringements. BCBSA does not, and will not, make any legal decisions about the validity of your claim of infringement or the possible defenses to a claim. Upon our receipt of a proper notice of claimed infringement under the DMCA, we will respond expeditiously to remove, or disable access to, the material claimed to be infringing and will follow the procedures specified in the DMCA to resolve the claim between the notifying party and the alleged infringer who provided the content in issue. BCBSA may contact the notice provider to request additional information. BCBSA reserves the right to disregard a notice that is not in compliance with the DMCA. Under the DMCA, BCBSA is required to take reasonable steps to notify the user who posted the allegedly infringing content. If you believe in good faith that a notice of copyright infringement has been wrongly filed against you, the DMCA permits you to send us a counter-notice. Notices and counter-notices must meet the then-current statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA. Notices and counter-notices with respect to the Site should be sent to the address below.
If you are uncertain whether particular material infringes a copyright held by you or a third party, you should contact an attorney. Anyone making a false or fraudulent notice or counter-notice may be liable for damages under the DMCA, including costs and attorneys' fees.
To be effective, your Notification of Claimed Infringement must be in writing, sent to our designated agent listed below and contain the following information:
1. An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest;
2. A description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
3. A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located to permit us to locate the material;
4. Your contact information, including your name, address, telephone number, and email address;
5. A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law; and
6. A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information contained in your report is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner's behalf.
BCBSA’s designated agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows:
By E-Mail: dmca@bcbsa.com with the subject line “DMCA”
By Mail:
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Attn: Office of the General Counsel
200 E Randolph St
Chicago, IL 60601
By Fax: 312.297.5956
17. Governing law and jurisdiction:
These terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, without reference to its choice of law rules. By accessing, viewing, or using the material on the Website, you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal and state courts presiding in Chicago, Illinois, and agree to accept service of process by mail and hereby waive any and all jurisdictional and venue defenses otherwise available. This Website is controlled and operated by BCBSA from its offices within the United States. BCBSA makes no representation that materials in the Website are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this Website from other locations do so on their own volition and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and BCBSA with respect to your use of the Website. If any part of these terms and conditions is held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining parts will remain in full force and effect. You acknowledge that, in providing you access to and use of the Website, BCBSA has relied on your agreement to be legally bound by these terms and conditions. BCBSA reserves the right to terminate your access to the Website in the event that you violate these terms and conditions, or for any reason whatever.
© 2000-2024 Blue Cross Blue Shield Association. All Rights Reserved.
Contact Us
National Information Center
1 (800) 411-BLUE
Download the fepblue App
Tax Information
OPM
Terms & Privacy
Rights & Responsibilities
Policies & Guidelines
Machine Readable Files
Partnerships
Español
繁體中文
Tiếng Việt
한국어
Tagalog
Русский
العربية
Kreyòl
Français
Português
Polski
日本語
Italiano
Deutsch
فارسی
©2026 Blue Cross Blue Shield Association. All rights reserved.
You will be going to a new website, operated on behalf of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Service Benefit Plan by a third party. The protection of your privacy will be governed by the privacy policy of that site. Please review the terms of use and privacy policies of the new site you will be visiting.
Continue
We use cookies on this website to give you the best experience and measure website usage. By continuing to use this website, you consent to these cookies. For more information, view our
privacy policy
.