Filmaffinity Privacy Policy - FilmAffinity
Filmaffinity Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy has been updated in accordance with the new EU data protection law GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation). FilmAffinity has always fulfilled the legislation in terms of user data protection, treating the data of its users with paramount privacy. To fulfill this new law, FilmAffinity allows you to download all your data from the website. Moreover, you can delete your account whenever you want (see links in the user profile: personal data).
At Filmaffinity, we care about your privacy. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy:
Filmaffinity is a website created by Pablo Kurt Verdú and Daniel Nicolás in 2002. It is part of the company Filmaffinity S.L. This company does not belong to any media group and it has no link with any company related to the advertisements. Thus, Filmaffinity guarantees the independency and impartiality of all its content.
We remain deeply commited to maintaining the privacy of our users by unswervingly abiding by current legal regulations. Filmaffinity guarantees that all the information gathered online will be stored in an electronically protected database. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
Under no circumstances will this information be shared with a third party.
The data holder has the right to access all data files at all times and has the right to modify or cancel registration, complying with all the requirements laid down in current regulations on the subject of personal data protection. Users may at any given point revoke their given consent on the handling of their personal data.
The Filmaffinity database is legally registered under the Spanish Data Protection Agency.
Filmaffinity does not sell, rent or make available to third parties the personal data provided by the users.
Like most websites and search engines, Filmaffinity uses cookies in order to provide a better user experience. You can disable the cookies but, please, take into account that Filmaffinity needs cookies to carry out some tasks.
In order to access all Filmaffinity services, you need to register. When you register with us, you will be required to provide certain information. While we publicly use information regarding your country and movie ratings in order to offer our Movie Soulmate services, your name, email address and birthday will remain completely private. Your Movie Soulmates, however, will be able to access your username and city and country of residence, as well as your personal movie ratings.
Filmaffinity also reserves the right to send emails to registered users regarding changes, updates, and other related events.
Filmaffinity is in no way liable for the content and opinions shared by its users on the website and it reserves the right to partially or completely delete any comment that could be deemed inappropriate. Similarly, Filmaffinity does not guarantee the publication of received ratings and reviews, and it reserves the right to alter, edit or delete them without prior notification. Furthermore, Filmaffinity reserves the right to delete any user content that is deemed inappropriate or disrespectful. The latter particularly applies to offensive reviews, as well as ratings which may be under suspicion for tampering with average ratings.
See more on our 'Terms and Conditions' section.
Terms and conditions
Filmaffinity reserves the right to edit or delete any user data that may be considered inappropriate or obsolete without previous notification. Any sign of inappropriate use of the website, or tampering thereof will result in the subsequent deletion of suspicious accounts.
In order to ensure the reliability, transparency, impartiality and objectivity of the data available on our website, Filmaffinity reserves the right to delete any ratings belonging to newly registered users having less than 6 months of activity on the website, less than 10 logins, or less than 200 rated films. 
Special attention will be paid to new film releases in each country, as well as recently awarded movies, current nominees, or new films with few ratings that are thus susceptible of tampering.
Additionally, Filmaffinity remains committed to improving existing automatic controls, such as filters, automatic and manually controlled corrective measures, as well as tampering detection systems for movie ratings.
At Filmaffinity, we would like to underline and stress our commitment to reliability, transparency, impartiality, and objectivity regarding all information currently stored in the Filmaffinity database. Our commitment strikes us as particularly important in the following areas:
Average ratings of all movies and TV series.
Movie ratings by users.
Selected excerpts and reviews from relevant media.
Trending media and professional reviews.
Review ratings by users.
Cookies policy: to read it click
HERE
in compliance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council (General Data Protection Regulation – GDPR), Organic Law 3/2018 of December 5 on the Protection of Personal Data and the Guarantee of Digital Rights (LOPDGDD), Law 34/2002 of July 11 on Information Society Services and Electronic Commerce (LSSI-CE), and Regulation (EU) 2022/2065 of October 19 2022 on a Single Market for Digital Services (Digital Services Act – DSA), FilmAffinity informs users about the use of cookies and similar technologies on its website.
FA Team
FAQs
|
Privacy policy/use conditions
|
Privacy configuration
|
Switch to Mobile Version
© 2002-2026 Filmaffinity - Movieaffinity | Filmaffinity is a movie recommendation site based on the concept of Movie Soulmates. Not related to any media or corporation.
All rights reserved | Movie soulmates™ is a registered trademark
Title
Cast
People
Theaters
Search Suggest
Not results found
Title
see all
Exact matches
People
see all
Exact matches
Cast
see all
Exact matches