Terms of Use - Fine Art America
20% off all products!   Sale ends tonight at midnight EST.
List of Terms and Policies
General Terms of Use
Contributor Terms of Use
Commercial Licenses
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
CCPA Supplement
Terms of Use
Effective June 2nd, 2020
Your use of the FineArtAmerica.com ("Website") is conditioned upon Your acceptance of these legal terms of use including our privacy policy.
Fine Art America reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify or update these legal terms of use from time to time with immediate effect and without advance notice to You.  It is Your responsibility to review these legal terms of use periodically for updates.
AFTER READING THESE LEGAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE, IF FOR ANY REASON YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH OR CANNOT ABIDE BY THESE TERMS OF USE OR OUR PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE EXIT THIS WEBSITE IMMEDIATELY.  OTHERWISE, BY ACCESSING AND USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THESE TERMS OF USE AND OUR PRIVACY POLICY.
Rights to Contents and Intellectual Property
The copyrights to all original materials, content, selection, and arrangement of the Website (including text, user, and visual interfaces, images, look and feel, design, sound, etc. and any underlying software and computer codes) are proprietary to Fine Art America, its parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, or third party licensors.  You may not copy, reproduce, post on any other Website, republish, upload, encode, modify, translate, publicly perform or display, commercially exploit, distribute or transmit any portion of this Website or make any derivative works from this Website in any way without the express prior written consent of Fine Art America.
Any name, logo, trademark, service mark, patent, design, copyright, domain name or other intellectual property appearing on this Website is owned or licensed by Fine Art America or its parents, affiliates, or subsidiaries and may not be used by You without the prior written consent of Fine Art America or the appropriate owner.  Your use of this Website does not grant You any right, title, interest or license to any such intellectual property appearing on this Website.  Any unauthorized use of the content of this Website may subject You to civil or criminal penalties.
Use of this Website
Fine Art America maintains this Website for Your personal purchases, entertainment, information and education.  You should feel free to browse the Website.  However, all copying (whether electronic, hard copy, or other format) is prohibited and may breach intellectual property laws and other laws worldwide.  All commercial use of all or part of this Website is prohibited except under Fine Art America's express written consent.  All rights not expressly granted here are reserved to Fine Art America.
You may not use any computer program tools, including, but not limited to, web spiders, bots, indexers, robots, crawlers, harvesters, or any other automatic device, program, algorithm, or methodology, or any similar equivalent process ("Tools") to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the Website or content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Website or any content, to obtain or attempt to obtain materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through the Website.  Tools that use the Website shall be considered agents of the individuals who control or author them.
No Warranties
Fine Art America DOES NOT REPRESENT THAT THIS WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT, SERVICE OR FEATURE OF THIS WEBSITE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, OR THAT ANY DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE WILL PROVIDE SPECIFIC RESULTS.  THIS WEBSITE AND ITS CONTENT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR ACCURACY.
Fine Art America assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damages caused by viruses or other forms on contamination or destructive features that may affect Your computer equipment, software, data or other property on account of Your access to, use of, or browsing in the Website or Your downloading of any materials, text, images, video or audio from the Website or any linked Websites.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall Fine Art America, its parents, affiliates, subsidiaries or service providers, its licensors, or the officers, directors, employees, shareholders, or agents of each of them, be liable for any damages of any kind, including without limitation any direct, special, incidental, indirect, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages, including lost profits, whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages, and on theory of liability what so ever, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of, or Your browsing in, or Your links to other Websites from, this Website.  You acknowledge by Your use of this Website, that Your use of this Website is at Your sole risk.  Certain laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages: if these apply to You, some or all of the above disclaimers may not apply, and You might have additional rights.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Fine Art America harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees, arising from or related to Your use of the Website.
Additional Terms and Conditions
Additional terms and conditions may apply to purchases of goods and services and to specific portions of features of the Website, including but not limited to sales, licenses, contests, sweepstakes, invitations, or other similar features (each an "Application"), all of which additional terms and conditions are made a part of these legal terms of use by this reference.  You agree to abide by such Application terms and conditions.  If there is a conflict between these Terms of Use and the terms of the Application, the terms of the Application will control as relating to the Application.
Purchasing for Resale
Purchasing artwork depicting Getty Images content from Fine Art America, including all Slim Aarons content, for the purpose of resale is prohibited.  Customers of this site may not purchase Getty Images artwork (i) as a professional reseller or (ii) in order to set up a retail store or website to sell any Getty Images artwork.
Communications with this Website
You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate the law.  Fine Art America will fully cooperate, including but not limited to, maintaining and disclosing any transmittals or communications that You have had with this Website, disclosing Your identity or helping to identify You, with any applicable law or regulation, law enforcement authorities, court order, or governmental authority.
Any communication or material You transmit to the Website by email or otherwise, including data, questions, comments, or suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary.  Fine Art America cannot prevent the harvesting of information from this Website, and You may be contacted by Fine Art America or unrelated parties, by email or otherwise, within or outside of this Website.  Anything You transmit may be edited by or on behalf of Fine Art America,  may or may not be posted to this Website at the sole discretion of Fine Art America and may be used by Fine Art America or its affiliates for any purpose, including but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting.  Furthermore, Fine Art America is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication You send to the Website for any purpose what so ever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products use of such information.  If You transmit any ideas, concepts, materials or other communications to the Website, You accept that it will not be treated as confidential and may be used by Fine Art America without compensation in any manner whatsoever, including without limitation to reproduction, transmission, publication, marketing, product development, etc.
Although Fine Art America may from time to time monitor or review discussion, chats, postings, transmissions, and bulletin boards, and the like on the Website, Fine Art America is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such locations nor for any error, defamation, libel slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information within such locations, on the Website.  Fine Art America assumes no responsibility or liability for any actions or communications by You or any related third party within or outside of this Website.
Notice and Procedure for Making U.S. Claims of Copyright Infringement
If You believe that Your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide a Notice with the following information to the Website's Copyright Agent:
1.  An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
2.  A detailed description of the copyright work that You claim has been infringed;
3.  A description of precisely where the material that You claim is being infringed is located on the Website;
4.  Your address, telephone number, and email address;
5.  A statement by You that You have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law;
6.  A statement by You, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in Your Notice is accurate and that You are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
Fine Art America's Copyright Agent for Notice is:
Fine Art America
ATTN: Copyright Agent
2202 Main Street
Santa Monica, CA 90405
E-Mail: pixelsdmca@mcbrayerfirm.com
We may give notice to our users by means of a general notice on our Website, electronic mail to a user's email address in our records, or by written communication sent by first-class mail to a user's physical address in our records.  If You receive such a notice, You may provide counter-notification in writing to the designated Copyright Agent.  To be effective, the counter-notification must be a written communication that includes the following:
1.  Your physical or electronic signature;
2.  Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access had been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;
3.  A statement from You under the penalty of perjury, that You have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake to misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; and
4.  Your name, physical address, and telephone number, and a statement that You consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which Your physical address is located, or if Your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which Fine Art America may be found, and that You will accept service or process from the person who provided notification of alleged infringing material or an agent of such person.
Fine Art America may terminate user accounts that have been the subject of five (5) separate DMCA notices.   In the event a user's materials are removed due to a DMCA notice and then subsequently restored due to the filing of a DMCA counter-notification, Fine Art America will treat the underlying DMCA notice as withdrawn.   Fine Art America reserves the right to terminate user accounts that are the subject of fewer than five (5) DMCA notices in appropriate circumstances - such as where the user has a history of violating or willfully disregarding Fine Art America's Terms of Service.
Notice and Procedure for Making U.S. Claims of Trademark Infringement
If You believe that Your work has been copied in a way that constitutes trademark infringement, please provide a Notice with the following information to the Website's trademark Agent:
1.  An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the trademark interest;
2.  A detailed description of the trademark work that You claim has been infringed;
3.  A description of precisely where the material that You claim is being infringed is located on the Website;
4.  Your address, telephone number, and email address;
5.  A statement by You that You have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the trademark owner, its agent or the law;
6.  A statement by You, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in Your Notice is accurate and that You are the trademark owner or authorized to act on the trademark owner's behalf.
Fine Art America's Agent for Notice is:
Fine Art America
ATTN: Trademark Agent
2202 Main Street
Santa Monica, CA 90405
E-Mail: pixelsdmca@mcbrayerfirm.com
We may give notice to our users by means of a general notice on our Website, electronic mail to a user's email address in our records, or by written communication sent by first-class mail to a user's physical address in our records.  If You receive such a notice, You may provide counter-notification in writing to the designated Copyright Agent.  To be effective, the counter-notification must be a written communication that includes the following:
1.  Your physical or electronic signature;
2.  Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access had been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;
3.  A statement from You under the penalty of perjury, that You have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake to misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; and
4.  Your name, physical address, and telephone number, and a statement that You consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which Your physical address is located, or if Your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which Fine Art America may be found, and that You will accept service or process from the person who provided notification of alleged infringing material or an agent of such person.
Fine Art America may terminate user accounts that have been the subject of five (5) separate DMCA notices.   In the event a user's materials are removed due to a DMCA notice and then subsequently restored due to the filing of a DMCA counter-notification, Fine Art America will treat the underlying DMCA notice as withdrawn.   Fine Art America reserves the right to terminate user accounts that are the subject of fewer than five (5) DMCA notices in appropriate circumstances - such as where the user has a history of violating or willfully disregarding Fine Art America's Terms of Service.
Termination
At its sole discretion, Fine Art America may modify or discontinue the Website, or may modify or terminate Your account or Your access to this Website, for any reason, with or without notice to You and without liability to You or any third party.
Unaffiliated Products and Websites
Descriptions of, or references to, products, publications or Websites not owned by Fine Art America or its affiliates do not imply endorsement of that product, publication, or Website.  Fine Art America has not reviewed all material linked to the Website and is not responsible for the content of any such material.  Your linking to any other Websites is at Your own risk.
Linking Policy
This Website may provide, as a convenience to You, links to websites owned or operated by parties other than Fine Art America.  Each linked website may have its own terms and conditions of use, as described in that website's legal notice/terms of use.  Those terms and conditions may be different than these legal terms of use, and we urge You to read each website's legal notice/ terms carefully before You use that website.  Fine Art America does not control, and is not responsible for the availability, content or security of these external Websites, nor Your experience interacting or using these external Websites.  Fine Art America does not endorse the content, or any products or services available, on such web sites.
United States Governing Law / Void Where Prohibited
This Website shall be governed by, and Your browsing in and use of the Website shall be deemed acceptance of and consent to, the laws of the State of Kentucky, United States of America, without regard to principles of conflict of laws.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Website may be viewed internationally and may contain references to products or services not available in all countries.  References to a particular product or service does not imply that they are appropriate or available to all persons of legal purchasing age in all locations, or that Fine Art America intends to make such products or services available in such countries.  Any offer for any product, feature, service, or application made on this Website is void where prohibited.  Your information will be transferred to Fine Art America in the United States, which may be outside of Your own country, and by providing us with Your information, You are consenting to such transfer.  Although we will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of any personal information collected, we will not be liable for disclosure of personal information obtained due to errors in transmission or the unauthorized acts of third parties.
Our Company
About Us
Fulfillment Centers
Press
Reviews
Blog
Videos
Take a Tour
Wholesale Prints
Gig Posters
Sell Merch Online
Famous Paintings
Thomas Kinkade Prints
CartoonStock Print Store
Art
Paintings
Photographs
Drawings
Digital Art
Mixed Media
Shop
Wall Art
Art Prints
&
Framed Prints
Posters
Tapestries
Home Decor
Lifestyle Products
iPhone Cases
Puzzles
Metal Posters
Movie Posters
Cartoon Wall Art
Apparel
Gift Cards
Create
Design Your Own Products
Photos to Paintings
Mail & Frame
Print NFTs
NFT Merch
Print AI Art
SELLERS
Take a Tour
Sell Your Art
Membership Plans
Mobile App (iOS and Android)
Shopify App
Instagram Merchandise
YouTube Merchandise
Contact
Contact Us
FAQ
Discussion Forum
Return Policy
Returns
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Stay Connected
Sign up for our newsletter
for exclusive deals, discount codes, and more.
Location Settings
Waltham Forest, WFT (United Kingdom)
Currency
:
GBP (£)
USD ($)
AUD ($)
CAD ($)
EUR (€)
GBP (£)
JPY (¥)
Units
:
Inches
Inches
Centimeters
Server Status OK
Copyright © 2026 Fine Art America - All Rights Reserved