FirstCry.com - Terms of Use
We see that you have personalized your site experience by adding your child's date of birth and gender on site. We would love to send you the best offers relevant for your child from time to time and so we have added these details to your FirstCry.com account details.
Undo
Sorry. No Suggestions Available. Click on the
icon or press enter to search
Retrieving Suggestions
Select location
Stores & Preschools
Find Stores
Find Preschools
Open a Store
Open a Preschool
Support
Track Order
FirstCry Parenting
More
Find Stores
Find Preschools
Open a Store
Open a Preschool
Support
Track Order
Shortlist
Login /
Register
My Account
My Profile
Order History
Manage Returns
Quick Reorder
Cash Refund
Cashback Codes
Guaranteed Savings
Intellikit Subscriptions
Intellibaby Subscriptions
Gift Certificates
Invites & Credits
My Reviews & Uploads
Notify Me
My Shortlist
Chat with our Wiz
Sell With Us
Logout
Shortlist
0
Cart
YOUR CART IS EMPTY
If item to your bag are missing,
login to your account
to view item.
Please add items that you would like to buy your cart
CONTINUE SHOPPING
Shopping Cart
|
The total value for product(s) need to minimum ₹ 99 to place an order. Please add items to your cart to place your Order.
Place Order
Edit Cart
My Shopping Cart
My shortlist
Continue Shopping
Undo
Product
Shipping & Availability
Price
Quantity
Total
Buy ₹ 750 Mamy Poko Extra Absorb Paint Style Diaper and 30% off on clothes & Shoes
Check Delivery Info
(?)
Delivery timeline and charges depend on the destination Pincode
APPLY
Please enter a valid pin code
Destination Pincode
EDIT
Value of Products:
₹ 0
Discount(-):
₹ 0
Shipping Charges:
₹ 0
Estimated
GST
₹ 0
Final Payment
EMI Available [?]
PLACE ORDER
Shop worth
180
more & get
Free Shipping
Product
Price
Quantity
Total
Please Provide your Email Address & Mobile Number. we will inform you once the product becomes Available
Email
Please enter the email address
Mobile No
Please enter the phone number
notify me
You would be notified by Email and Mobile, Once the Product is in stock
Product Name
Estimated GST
Mix of Taxes and discount may change depending the amount of tax being borne by the Company. However, the final price as charged from customer will remain same. Taxes collected against every transaction will be paid to the Government by FirstCry.com. Please refer to the
Terms of Use
for full details.
All Categories
BOY FASHION
GIRL FASHION
Footwear
Toys
Diapering
Gear
Feeding
Bath
Nursery
Moms
Health
Boutiques
Thanks for sharing your pincode.
To edit, navigate to any product page on site and update pincode in the delivery information section.
Firstcry Happiness now delivered the "SAME DAY & NEXT DAY".
Just enter your Pincode and see delivery timelines on product pages.
Please enter correct Pincode
CHECK
Enter your Child's details to personalize results:
Date of Birth
Boy
Girl
SUBMIT
Page Personalized for
Date of Birth:
Gender:
Boy
See other Child details
DISABLE
EDIT
+
Add another Child's Details
Click to Activate Personalization
Choose your location
Select a delivery location to see product availability and delivery option.
Sign in to see your address
Enter a pincode
or enter a pincode
APPLY
Choose your location
Select a delivery location to see product availability and delivery option.
Manage address book
or enter a pincode
APPLY
Home
> Terms Of Use
TERMS
OF USE
This document is an electronic record in terms of Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules there under as applicable and the amended provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures.
Please read the following terms and conditions very carefully as your use of service is subject to your acceptance of and compliance with the following terms and conditions.
Note:
Please be informed that Firstcry will never contact you for cash prizes or deposit money for photoshoot or franchise or distributorship or request a password, PIN or CVV etc. Please refrain from sharing such sensitive information with anyone, as it could lead to fraudulent transactions. Further, please be vigilant against fraudulent sites, social media pages, fake offers, SMS, email, whatsapp messages, or any other suspicious communication claiming to be from Firstcry. Also, in order to open a store or pre-school, please use the dedicated link provided on our website (www.firstcry.com) to submit your enquiry to us. In case of any query or to report any suspicious activity which you may come across, kindly visit our
Contact Us
section.
Content
1. General Information
2. Account and Registration
3. Pricing, Promotions & Coupon Codes
4. Third Party Offers
5. Transactions & Cancellation
6. Guidelines for Writing Product Reviews
7. User Conduct
8. Shop 'n' Earn Club Cash
9. Guaranteed Savings Program
10. Parenting Services
11. FitJunior Program
12. Other Terms
13. Cancellation Policy
14. FirstCry Account Deletion
15. QWIK Delivery Service Terms & Conditions
16. Grievance Functionary
General Information
The domain name
www.firstcry.com
including www.firstcry.com's Parenting services (hereinafter referred to as "Parenting") available through www.firstcry.com's mobile app ( hereinafter referred to as “Site” or “Website” or “Firstcry.com”) is registered in the name of BrainBees Solutions Limited a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 (Hereinafter referred to as BB).
Digital Age Retail Private Limited, a company incorporated under Companies Act, 1956 holds a valid license, granted by BrainBees Solutions Limited, to use and operate the Website for its online retail business (Hereinafter referred to as DARP).
Your use of the Website and services and tools are governed by the following terms and conditions ("
Terms of Use
") as applicable to the Website. If you transact on the Website, You shall be subject to the policies that are applicable to the Website for such transaction. By mere use of the Website, You shall be contracting with DARP, these terms and conditions constitute your binding obligations, with BB and DARP.
For the purpose of these Terms of Use, wherever the context so requires "
You
" or "
User
" shall mean any natural or legal person who has agreed to become a member of the Website by providing Registration Data while registering on the Website as Registered User using the computer systems. DARP allows User to surf the Website or making purchases without registering on the Website. The term "
we
", "
us
", "
our
" shall mean DARP or BB or firstCry.com or all.
ACCESSING, BROWSING OR OTHERWISE USING THE SITE INDICATES YOUR AGREEMENT TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS IN THIS AGREEMENT, SO PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE PROCEEDING.
All products/services and information displayed on FirstCry.com constitute an "invitation to offer". Your order for purchase constitutes your "offer" which shall be subject to the terms and conditions as listed below. FirstCry.com reserves the right to accept or reject your offer. If you have supplied us with your valid email address, we will notify you by email as soon as possible to confirm receipt of your order and email you again to confirm details and therefore process the order. Our acceptance of your order will take place upon dispatch of the product(s) ordered. No act or omission of FirstCry.com prior to the actual dispatch of the product(s) ordered will constitute acceptance of your offer.
Membership Eligibility
Use of the Site is available only to persons who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law. Persons who are "incompetent to contract" within the meaning of the Indian Contract Act, 1872 including un-discharged insolvents etc. are not eligible to use the Site. You may use this site only if your age is over 18 years.
FirstCry.com reserves the right to terminate your membership and refuse to provide you with access to the Site if FirstCry.com discovers that you are under the age of 18 years. In case of a business entity, you represent that you have the necessary authority to bind the entity to this User Agreement. Unless otherwise specified, the materials on this website are directed solely at those who access this website from India. FirstCry.com makes no representation that any products or services referred to in the materials on this website are appropriate for use, or available outside India. Those who choose to access this Site from outside India are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable. FirstCry.com will deliver the products only within India and will not be liable for any claims relating to any products ordered from outside India.
Unless otherwise stated as additional terms and conditions which are product specific, these terms and conditions supersede all previous representations, understandings, or agreements and shall prevail notwithstanding any variance with any other terms of any order submitted. By using the services of FirstCry.com you agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions.
Modifications
FirstCry.com reserves the right at all times to discontinue or modify the Terms of Use and/or our Privacy Policy as we deem necessary or desirable without any prior notification. Such changes may include, among other things, the adding of certain fees and charges. Any such modifications would be effective immediately. We suggest that you read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy policy from time to time to stay informed. Any use of the site after such modifications would be deemed to constitute acceptance of the modified terms by the End User.
Account and Registration
It is the user's responsibility to keep the details of the account and password confidential and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under Your Account or Password. FirstCry.com shall not be liable to any person for any loss or damage which may arise as a result of any failure by the user to protect the account details or the password. In case of any suspected breach please contact us immediately. If FirstCry.com has reason to believe that there is likely to be a breach of security or misuse of the FirstCry.com Site, we may require you to change your password or we may suspend your account without any liability to FirstCry.com.
You also agree to:
1. Provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by FirstCry website during the registration process (such information being the "Registration Data")
2. Maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, incomplete, or not current or if FirstCry.com has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or not in accordance with the User Agreement, FirstCry.com will have the right to indefinitely suspend or terminate your membership and refuse to provide you with access to the Site.
3. Customers registered through international phone numbers can not avail Club benefits at the FirstCry.com Stores.
4. Customers registered through international phone numbers can get only an Online discount i.e at the website or app
5. Any changes in the offer and discount policy will be solely the company’s decision & the company has the right to modify/remove/put it on hold anytime as it deems fit.
6. In the event that a registered user changes their mobile number used for registration, verification, or communication purposes, it shall be the sole responsibility of the user to promptly update such details in their FirstCry account. If a user fails to update or notify FirstCry of such change, FirstCry shall not be responsible or liable for any data privacy–related issues, including but not limited to, misdirected communications, account access issues, or registration of a new user with the same mobile number after it has been reassigned by the telecom service provider. Once a mobile number is reassigned and a new user successfully verifies ownership through One-Time Password (OTP) or equivalent authentication, FirstCry shall be entitled to treat such new user as the lawful owner of that number for all purposes.
Pricing, Promotions & Coupon Codes
Pricing Information
While FirstCry.com shall endeavor to provide accurate product and pricing information, typographical errors might occur. FirstCry.com cannot confirm the price of a product until after you order. In the event that a product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to an error in pricing or product information, FirstCry.com reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to refuse or cancel orders at any stage prior to delivery. If an item is mis-priced, FirstCry.com may, at its discretion, either contact you for instructions or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. Unless the product ordered by you has been dispatched, your offer will not be deemed accepted, and FirstCry.com reserves the right to modify the price of the product and contact you for further instructions using the email address provided during registration, or cancel the order and notify you of such cancellation. If FirstCry.com accepts your order, the amount will be debited to your credit card account and you will be notified by email that the payment has been processed. The payment may be processed before FirstCry.com dispatches the product. If we have to cancel the order after processing the payment, the amount will be reversed back to your credit card account.
Prices of products at the FirstCry store and on FirstCry.com (site and apps) may differ.
Promotion Offers
In the case of returned or undelivered orders, whether in part or in full, the user will not be eligible to avail the offer that was used to purchase the original order. The refund provided will not include the benefits of the offer. If the returned product(s) were part of a free offer, such as "Buy 2 get 1 free" or "Buy 1 get 1 free," all products related to the offer must be returned as they were purchased as part of a group offer. The refund/replacement process will only be initiated once all the products from the offer have been returned.
Occasionally, we may include a free sample or gift with our orders that are eligible for the offer. Please note that these samples/gifts are not eligible for return, replacement, or refund under any circumstances.
Free Gifts are subject to meeting the offer criteria after applying any coupons and before GST.
All Offers related to Free Gifts are available until stocks last.
Coupon Codes & Cart Offers
To offer special discounts to our users from time to time, we share coupon codes based discounts. To prevent any possible misuses we have put in place a few checks on the ways in which these coupon codes can be used.
To make the best use of the coupon code offers, please go through the following terms and conditions applicable on all coupon codes
1. Coupon Codes & Cart Offers based offer will be valid upon application of the coupon code at the time of placing order.
2. Coupon Codes & Cart Offers will be valid till the date communicated or till stocks last on the applicable products, whichever happens earlier.
3. Coupon Codes & Cart Offers will not be valid on Diapers, Combos, Women’s Hygiene, Formula and Supplements, Beverages and Juices, Bottles & Accessories and on the brands Chicco, Duracell, Johnson's baby, Luxor, Nataraj, Nestle, Pidilite, Protinex, Milton, Pond's, Garnier, Neutrogena, OK Baby, Vaseline, Mothercare, Sunsilk, Pears, Lux, Liberty, Tommy Hilfiger, Bella, Sofy, Stayfree, Florozone, Vasmol, PUMA, Fabindia, PediaSure, Sony, Stephen Joseph, Abbott, dreambaby, Campus, Figaro, Niscomed, Enfagrow, Soulflower, Woodwards, Palmolive, Aveeno, Tango, Dabur, Deli, West Coast, Tynor, Omron, Accu-chek, Motorola, Onetouch, Step2, Philips, Melissa & Doug, Cetaphil, Crocs, Horlicks, Liril, Nintendo, Casio, Luv Lap, Clinic Plus, Skiphop, YONEX, Simple, Beaba, Speedo, DMR MiniWash, Skip Hop, Krysaliis, Honeywell, Foscam, Ergobaby, Cybex, Bioderma, Abena, Betty, Totum, Tupperware, Hamdard, Alex Daisy, Complan, Signoraware, Mustela, Hugsntugs, Liz Jacob, Pilot, Jane, Sugarcart, Little Looms, Young Birds, TINY BABY, Tiber Taber, BabyZinnia, Masilo, One Friday, Plum Toys, Fancy Fluff, CURATIO, Sophie la Girafe, Love the World Today, ROYAL BRATS, Hoopa, KIDSDEW, Springfree, Dettol, Cetaphil Baby, UBBI, Fairies Forever, Okbaby, THREPTIN, SHESHA NATURALS, Dermadew, Emotix, Li&Li BOUTIQUE, Bambo Nature, BabyTeddy, Tiny Pants, Dermavive, Skillmatics, TigerTech, Brainsmith, Doms, Vaux, JIN, Arcedo, Nite Flite, Hawkins, Joie, Kol Kol Baby Carrier, Forever Kids, LC Waikiki, RYCA, BIBA, Pureborn, Red Castle, Sleepyhead, Uniball, haus & kinder, Skechers, Trendy Cart, The Brushies, Stokke, Avidia Labs, KIRTI AGARWAL PRET N COUTURE, Lil Peacock, TOONYPORT, Osasbazaar, AccuSure, goDiscover, Keebee Organics, Theoni, Wildcraft, JOCKEY, Monte Carlo, Karigari, Little Carrot, Volwco, Nooie, LADORE, Joy-n-Jolly, O2I, Savlon, VWash Plus, Boingg, Instax Fujifilm, MR.BRAT, Trakbond, ClassMonitor, Yamaha, Birkenstock, Fisher Price by Tiffany, Duroflex, Shnuggle, NumNum, Skypearll, Lever Ayush, Love Beauty & Planet, THINKER PLACE, GREENDiGO, Whitewaterkids, Lil' Roos, ezpz, Aigner, Dot & Key, Sweetlime by A.S, JD Fresh, Manyavar, Bella Vita Organic, Motherly, CHOKO, uni-ball, Pentonic, Active Hands, Garmin, Ray-Ban, Cello Wimplast, Nestasia, Maniams, Lattafa, Kidsville, X&Y, Noise, Anthrilo, Minimalist, Bumtum, Fevicol MR, Fevicryl, Fevikwik, Fevistik, Rangeela, Lycka, LINC, KETIMINI, AVRO FURNITURE, Mama & Peaches, Neutriderm, SUNSTOP, Ariro, Eloish, SUPERHERO TOYSTORE, O'mumsie, Blessbe, Biglilpeople, Caratlane, Aptagrow, Little Rituals, Tikitoro, Harbour9, TRUNK BOX BABY, Furtados, Whistle & Hops, Markline, Soleilclo, Starplast, Tiason, Molo, mini rodini, BUGATTI, BOY LONDON, Soulslings, Fixderma Cosmetic Laboratories, iDO, Kadence, The Indi Mums, BABY FOREST, eco rascals, ODI Jewels, Foreverkidz, Nac Jewelers, Kirti Agarwal, Fixderma, BYB Premium, EMOTORAD, Omie, Bapron Baby, Pixie Threads, The Right Cut, Smartsters, Pixies & Elves, RAR Studio, Kim & Kimmy, PASHA INDIA, Toodles, Casa Ninos, Vidushi Astha, Ritu Kedia for Exclusive, Fayon Kids, Candere by Kalyan Jewellers, Toddlekind, Cheeky Chompers, BIBS World, Ultrasun, Giggle Buns, Snuz, OBORI, Ka Kids, Partykles, Bibbity Bobbity, Forest Essentials, MEKASHI, Swoon Baby, Minime Organics, The Tribe Kids, Butt Baby, Dr Trust, Jilmil, Plum Cheeks, Miniture, KALKI Fashion, Leclerc Baby, Mama Naturally, TINYBERG, YU by Pantaloons, Akkriti, Pantaloons Junior, Pantaloons Baby, Indus Route, Coolsters, Lagorii, AccuMed, KAMA AYURVEDA, Klephant, Celsius, aretto, Mamma's Bear, FUNNY BONES, KLINGARU, Tiny Tyke, CRAZY PENGUIN Elite, Familio, Milou, HOPUP, MUD KID, Thank You Farmer, DEWYTREE, Celimax, Dr. Different, glowiest, La'dor, Olivarrier, PureAm, Formal Bee Kids, MAISON ALHAMBRA, RIIFFS, NUSUK, Phool, ETHNIKS NEURON, little desi, melon, Lollipop unless otherwise mentioned.
4. A Coupon Codes & Cart Offers can be used only once per user per household unless otherwise mentioned.
5. A Coupon Codes & Cart Offers cannot be clubbed with any other coupon code or with any other offer including offers running on the site without using coupons.
6. A coupon will provide the stated discount of the coupon code or the discount already stated on the product whichever is higher unless otherwise mentioned.
7. Coupon codes shared individually with a user will be applicable on purchase made by that particular user only.
8. The website reserves the right to change the terms and conditions of any coupon code any time without prior intimation.
9. Shipping / Cash on delivery rules and charges apply on the net amount payable upon application of the coupon code unless otherwise mentioned.
10. Cashback coupons are valid for next purchase as per the conditions mentioned with the Cashback offer.
11. The Cash Coupons added to an account can be changed/updated at any point of time by Brainbees Solutions Ltd. without any prior intimation. These changes could be made from time to time even before the valid expiry date of the existing Cash Coupons.
12. Redemption of any Offers, Coupon code, cashback code, gift certificate shall be subject to applicability at the FirstCry.com stores. In order to ensure applicability of any offer at the Firstcry.com store, the Customer shall furnish the offer/code details with the store personnel before making the purchase at the store.
13. Offer valid only on the listed Sizes & Colours of the products featured on the page.
Cashback Offers
Cashback Offers are run from time to time to award users for their purchase from FirstCry.com. The terms and conditions applicable with these Cashback offers are as below
.
The Cashback amount, the purchase conditions and the product range on which the Cashback offer is valid will be as specified along with the Cashback offer
.
The Cashback amount will be received by the user as a coupon through a Cashback email. The Cashback coupon would be received by you up to 10 days after the delivery of the order. Eg: If your order has been delivered on 3rd September, you would be receiving the Cashback coupon on mail latest by 13th September.
.
Cashback will not be earned on purchases from the categories Bottles & Accessories, Formula & Supplements or on purchasing any of the Guaranteed Savings Offer codes. They will only be earned on the products mentioned in the cashback promotions.
.
Cashback will not be provided for any product(s) which have either not been delivered to you or which has been returned by you. In the event of any replacement provided to you, the replacement product value will not be added to the cashback calculations available to you to redeem on site.
.
Redemption of the Cashback coupon will not be applicable on Baby Diapers, Formula & Supplements, Bottles & Accessories, World Food, Super Savers and Gift Packs categories as well as on the brands on Chicco, Duracell, Johnson's baby, Luxor, Nataraj, Nestle, Pidilite, Protinex, Milton, Pond's, Garnier, Neutrogena, OK Baby, Vaseline, Mothercare, Sunsilk, Pears, Lux, Liberty, Tommy Hilfiger, Bella, Sofy, Stayfree, Florozone, Vasmol, PUMA, Fabindia, PediaSure, Sony, Stephen Joseph, Abbott, dreambaby, Campus, Figaro, Niscomed, Enfagrow, Soulflower, Woodwards, Palmolive, Aveeno, Tango, Dabur, Deli, West Coast, Tynor, Omron, Accu-chek, Motorola, Onetouch, Step2, Philips, Melissa & Doug, Cetaphil, Crocs, Horlicks, Liril, Nintendo, Casio, Luv Lap, Clinic Plus, Skiphop, YONEX, Simple, Beaba, Speedo, DMR MiniWash, Skip Hop, Krysaliis, Honeywell, Foscam, Ergobaby, Cybex, Bioderma, Abena, Betty, Totum, Tupperware, Hamdard, Alex Daisy, Complan, Signoraware, Mustela, Hugsntugs, Liz Jacob, Pilot, Jane, Sugarcart, Little Looms, Young Birds, TINY BABY, Tiber Taber, BabyZinnia, Masilo, One Friday, Plum Toys, Fancy Fluff, CURATIO, Sophie la Girafe, Love the World Today, ROYAL BRATS, Hoopa, KIDSDEW, Springfree, Dettol, Cetaphil Baby, UBBI, Fairies Forever, Okbaby, THREPTIN, SHESHA NATURALS, Dermadew, Emotix, Li&Li BOUTIQUE, Bambo Nature, BabyTeddy, Tiny Pants, Dermavive, Skillmatics, TigerTech, Brainsmith, Doms, Vaux, JIN, Arcedo, Nite Flite, Hawkins, Joie, Kol Kol Baby Carrier, Forever Kids, LC Waikiki, RYCA, BIBA, Pureborn, Red Castle, Sleepyhead, Uniball, haus & kinder, Skechers, Trendy Cart, The Brushies, Stokke, Avidia Labs, KIRTI AGARWAL PRET N COUTURE, Lil Peacock, TOONYPORT, Osasbazaar, AccuSure, goDiscover, Keebee Organics, Theoni, Wildcraft, JOCKEY, Monte Carlo, Karigari, Little Carrot, Volwco, Nooie, LADORE, Joy-n-Jolly, O2I, Savlon, VWash Plus, Boingg, Instax Fujifilm, MR.BRAT, Trakbond, ClassMonitor, Yamaha, Birkenstock, Fisher Price by Tiffany, Duroflex, Shnuggle, NumNum, Skypearll, Lever Ayush, Love Beauty & Planet, THINKER PLACE, GREENDiGO, Whitewaterkids, Lil' Roos, ezpz, Aigner, Dot & Key, Sweetlime by A.S, JD Fresh, Manyavar, Bella Vita Organic, Motherly, CHOKO, uni-ball, Pentonic, Active Hands, Garmin, Ray-Ban, Cello Wimplast, Nestasia, Maniams, Lattafa, Kidsville, X&Y, Noise, Anthrilo, Minimalist, Bumtum, Fevicol MR, Fevicryl, Fevikwik, Fevistik, Rangeela, Lycka, LINC, KETIMINI, AVRO FURNITURE, Mama & Peaches, Neutriderm, SUNSTOP, Ariro, Eloish, SUPERHERO TOYSTORE, O'mumsie, Blessbe, Biglilpeople, Caratlane, Aptagrow, Little Rituals, Tikitoro, Harbour9, TRUNK BOX BABY, Furtados, Whistle & Hops, Markline, Soleilclo, Starplast, Tiason, Molo, mini rodini, BUGATTI, BOY LONDON, Soulslings, Fixderma Cosmetic Laboratories, iDO, Kadence, The Indi Mums, BABY FOREST, eco rascals, ODI Jewels, Foreverkidz, Nac Jewelers, Kirti Agarwal, Fixderma, BYB Premium, EMOTORAD, Omie, Bapron Baby, Pixie Threads, The Right Cut, Smartsters, Pixies & Elves, RAR Studio, Kim & Kimmy, PASHA INDIA, Toodles, Casa Ninos, Vidushi Astha, Ritu Kedia for Exclusive, Fayon Kids, Candere by Kalyan Jewellers, Toddlekind, Cheeky Chompers, BIBS World, Ultrasun, Giggle Buns, Snuz, OBORI, Ka Kids, Partykles, Bibbity Bobbity, Forest Essentials, MEKASHI, Swoon Baby, Minime Organics, The Tribe Kids, Butt Baby, Dr Trust, Jilmil, Plum Cheeks, Miniture, KALKI Fashion, Leclerc Baby, Mama Naturally, TINYBERG, YU by Pantaloons, Akkriti, Pantaloons Junior, Pantaloons Baby, Indus Route, Coolsters, Lagorii, AccuMed, KAMA AYURVEDA, Klephant, Celsius, aretto, Mamma's Bear, FUNNY BONES, KLINGARU, Tiny Tyke, CRAZY PENGUIN Elite, Familio, Milou, HOPUP, MUD KID, Thank You Farmer, DEWYTREE, Celimax, Dr. Different, glowiest, La'dor, Olivarrier, PureAm, Formal Bee Kids, MAISON ALHAMBRA, RIIFFS, NUSUK, Phool, ETHNIKS NEURON, little desi, melon, Lollipop unless otherwise mentioned.
.
The maximum Cashback given out is Rs. 250 and is applicable on the MRP of the product, unless mentioned otherwise
.
The Cashback coupon can be used till the date of validity as specified in the Cashback email
.
The company reserves the right to change the terms and conditions of the Cashback offers without prior intimation
.
The Cashback is not applicable on cancelled orders
Social Media Giveaway | 22nd December 2025 to 2nd January 2026
1. This contest ends on 2nd January 2026.
2. One winner will win the prize.
3. The winner will be chosen on first come-first serve basis.
4. To win this giveaway, make sure you follow all the above steps
5. The participant must be an Indian citizen.
6. This giveaway is subject to the availability of products and a cash alternative i.e. gift vouchers worth a similar amount will be offered.
7. This contest is in no way sponsored, endorsed, administered or associated with Disney or Marvel.
8. By entering the Contest, Participants indemnify Disney, Marvel, and any of their respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agencies from any liability whatsoever, and waive any and all causes of action, related to any claims, costs, injuries, losses, or damages of any kind arising out of or in connection with the Contest.
Forest Essentials Free Gift Offer
1. Free Gift Offer from Forest Essentials is available on all Order of Forest Essentials.
2. No Minimum order value required
3. Offer Valid till Stocks Last
4. The Free gift will be added automatically to the cart
5. No need to apply any coupon to avail this offer
6. If another coupon is applied, the free gift will be removed from cart
Gift Certificate
The terms and conditions applicable for Gift Certficate are as below
1. Gift certificate Delivered via email.
2. The Gift Certificate can be used against your purchase on FirstCry.com.
3. Customers must open a free account at FirstCry.com to redeem his or her gift certificate.
4. Every gift certificate has a unique code. To redeem the gift certificate, enter this code in your shopping cart.
5. Multiple Gift Certificates can not be be applied to a single order.
6. Both a gift certificate and credit card may be used to pay for your order. If both are used, we will charge the gift card first and the remaining balance will be charged to your credit card.
7. Unused gift certificates may not be redeemed for cash.
8. Gift certificates are not replaceable if lost or stolen.
9. Gift certificates value can be redeemed in multiple purchases.
10. Gift certificates may only be redeemed for orders shipped in India.
11. Gift certificates may only be redeemed through Recipient's Email Address
12. Gift Certificate cannot be purchased through Cheque/Cash on Delivery/Club Cash
Gift Wrapping
1. Gift wrap option is available only on selected products. You can choose to gift wrap the selected products in your order by selecting "ADD GIFT WRAP@ Rs. 30" in "CheckOut Cart" tab at the time of checkout. The gift wrap will also include a personalized message.
2. The external Gift Packaging will not include any pricing, discount or payment information. However, the original product tag with the MRP will be intact on the products inside the package.
3. Discounts and Coupons are not applicable on the gift wrap charge.
4. Please note that in case you return your order, the gift wrap charges will not be credited back.
Third Party Offers
Canara Bank Visa Credit Card Instant Discount Campaign
1.
Offer Details and Terms & Conditions:
.
5% Instant Discount
.
Minimum Order Value : Rs. 1,499
.
Maximum Discount: Rs. 500
.
Offer Period -1 : 7th Dec 2025 to 31st Dec 2026
.
Offer Period -2 : 1st Jan 2026 to 14th Jan 2026
.
Offer Period -3 : 29th Jan 2026 to 31st Jan 2026
.
Offer Period -4 : 1st Feb 2026 to 28th Feb 2026
.
Offer Period -5 : 1st Mar 2026 to 31st Mar 2026
2. The offer will not be valid during the period
15th Jan 2026 to 28th Jan 2026
.
3. This offer is applicable only on transactions using Canara Bank Visa Credit Cards with the BINs 443814, 443816, 468778, 477036.
4. Offer can be availed once per card per month during the offer period.
5. Offer is not applicable on the purchase of Digital Products and Gift Certificate.
6. Offer is applicable on Firstcry.com & Mobile App only. It is not applicable in
offline stores.
7. FirstCry reserves the right to pause the campaign if the approved budget is exhausted.
RBL Bank Credit Card Instant Discount Offer
Offer Details & Terms and Conditions:
1. 5% Instant Discount*
2. Minimum Order Value: Rs. 2,499
3. Maximum Discount: Rs. 500
4. Applicable On: RBL Bank Credit Cards only
5. Offer Period: 1st Jan to 14th Jan 2026
6. Velocity: Once per card during the offer period
Additional Terms:
1. The offer is applicable only on transactions made using RBL Bank Credit Cards with select BINs.
2. Valid exclusively on the FirstCry Online Platform (website and mobile app). Not applicable at FirstCry retail stores.
3. Not valid on the purchase of digital products or gift certificates (e.g., Club Membership Program).
4. FirstCry and RBL Bank reserve the right to modify or withdraw the offer at any time during the campaign period.
Note: FirstCry is a participating entity under the commercial agreement between RBL Bank and Digital Age Retail Pvt. Ltd.
Terms and Conditions for FirstCry Festive Campaign on Axis Bank Credit Cards
Offer Period –
00:00 hours on 1st Oct 2025 to 23:59 hours on 20th Oct 2025
Offer Details:
1. 5% Instant Discount up to Rs. 500 on Minimum order value of Rs. 2499
2. The offer can be availed once per card during the Offer Period.
3. The offer is applicable on Firstcry.com and & Mobile App only.
Card applicability –
All retail Credit cards.
Axis Bank Standard Terms and Conditions
1. The decision of The Merchant & Axis Bank will be final and binding on all and any correspondence in this regard will not be entertained.
2. The offer is not transferable, non-negotiable and cannot be En-cashed.
3. Incomplete / rejected / invalid / returned /disputed or unauthorized/fraudulent transactions will not be considered for the offer.
4. In case there is more than one offer available simultaneously, no two offers can be combined by the participant. It shall be entirely at discretion of Axis Bank to consider any exceptions to the above.
5. Axis Bank will not be responsible or liable in case the offer is not configured or could not be availed due to malfunction, delay, traffic congestion on any telephone network or line, computer on-line system, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, or website.
6. The Merchant and Axis Bank reserve the right at any time, without notice, to add/alter/change/ or vary any or all of these terms and conditions or to replace, entire or in part, this offer, by another offer, whether similar to this offer or not, or to withdraw it altogether.
7. The participation in the offer is entirely voluntary and it is understood, that the participation by the Cardholders shall be deemed to have been made on a voluntary basis.
8. The Merchant & Axis Bank reserves the right to modify / alter the offer or all or any of the terms applicable to the offer without assigning any reasons or without any prior intimation whatsoever. Axis Bank also reserves the right to discontinue the offer without assigning any reasons or without any prior intimation whatsoever.
9. In case of all matters relating to the offer including any dispute or discrepancy relating to the offer or eligibility of any Cardholder, Axis Bank’s decision shall be final and binding on Cardholders in all respects.
10. Axis Bank only offers discount on purchase of goods and services of The Merchant by using Axis Bank Credit & Debit Card and Axis Bank holds out no warranty or makes no representation about the quality, delivery or otherwise of the goods and services offered/sold by The Merchant. Any dispute or claim regarding the goods and/or services must be resolved by the Cardholder with The Merchant directly without any reference to Axis Bank. Additional discount offered by the Bank is solely for promoting usage of Axis Bank Debit and Credit card.
11. Images provided in promotions are only for pictorial representation and Axis Bank does not undertake any liability or responsibility for the same.
12. Nothing contained herein shall constitute or be deemed to constitute an advice, invitation or solicitation to purchase any products/ services of The Merchant or any third party and is not intended to create any rights and obligations.
13. The offer by Axis Bank is subject to applicable laws and regulatory guidelines/ regulations and as per bank's extant guidelines from time to time.
14. Bank may use the services of agents for sales / marketing of the products. Copy Rights of Axis Bank Limited. All rights are reserved.
15. Axis Bank shall not be liable in any manner whatsoever for any loss/ damage/ claim that may arise out of use or otherwise of any goods/ services availed of by the Card Holder/s under the offer.
16. Axis Bank shall not be held liable for any delay or loss that may be caused in delivery of the goods and /or services under the offer.
17. The Merchant & Axis Bank retain the right to change or discontinue the Offer at any time during the Promotion Period. The decision of The Merchant & Axis Bank with respect to the Offer shall be final and binding on the customer and any correspondence in this regard will not be entertained.
18. The Merchant & Axis Bank reserve the right to disqualify any cardholder from the benefits of the offer if any fraudulent activity is identified as being carried out for the purpose of availing the benefits under the offer or otherwise by use of the Card.
19. All taxes, duties, levies or other statutory dues and charges payable in connection with the benefits accruing under the offer shall be borne solely by the cardholder and Axis Bank will not be liable in any manner whatsoever for any such taxes, duties, levies or other statutory dues.
20. The terms and conditions governing the offer shall be in addition to and not in substitution / derogation to the Primary Terms and Conditions governing the Credit Card / Debit Card issued by Axis Bank.
21. Axis Bank shall not be obliged to make any public announcements to intimate the successful Cardholders about the discount under the offer.
22. The offer is not available wherever prohibited and products/ services for which such programs cannot be offered for any reason whatsoever.
23. Logos/trademarks used are owned by respective entities. Axis Bank has been authorised to use these logos/trademarks for offer promotion purposes.
24. Any person taking the advantage of this offer shall be deemed to have read, understood and accepted these terms and conditions.
25. Any dispute relating to the offer or the terms and conditions shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts in Mumbai only.
26. Merchant Terms & Conditions applicable.
Assured ₹25 - ₹200 cashback & Gold Coins on every Paytm UPI txn
Offer Validity: 30th January 2026 – 31st March 2026
Terms and Conditions
A. This Offer is being organized, sponsored and run by One97 Communications Limited (hereinafter “One97” or “Paytm”) a company which owns and operates an online marketplace on the website located at the URL:‘www.paytm.com’ and Paytm mobile application (hereinafter “Paytm Platform”).
B. The below terms and conditions govern your participation in the Offer. By participating in the Offer, you (hereinafter referred to as “Participant/User”) shall be deemed to have read, understood and unconditionally accept the terms and conditions of the Offer and further agree to irrevocably bound by these Terms & Conditions (including any variations to the same made by Paytm without prior notice).
Part A - General T&Cs of the Offer:
a) This Offer is designed by Paytm for the Users and can be accessed at the Merchant App.
b) To participate in this Offer and to get the cashback user must complete a transaction on Merchant app using Paytm UPI Lite/ UPI.
c) A transaction will only be considered valid for participation if it is done on Merchant App using Paytm UPI Lite within the Offer Period.
d) Users who complete an eligible transaction during the Offer Period will receive a scratch card.
e) The users can locate the scratch card issued to them in the ‘Cashback and Offer’ section of their Paytm app.
f) Cashback: The scratch cards issued to the Participant from this offer will expire after 2 days of its issuance.
g) Upon scratching the scratch cards, the Participant will get the cashback in their UPI linked account.
h) The cashback will be credited within a period of maximum 30 days from the completion of transaction and redemption of the scratch card on Paytm App.
i) This offer is valid Once per user during the Offer validity.
j) Offer not applicable for users who made payments using Paytm UPI in the Last 60 days anywhere.
k) Minimum Assured Cashback: Rs. 25 on UPI Payments using Paytm UPI Lite/UPI.
l) Gold Coins: The scratch cards issued to the Participant from this offer will expire after 30 days of its issuance.
m) Upon scratching the scratch cards, the Participant will get the Assured Gold Coins in their Gold Wallet in cashbacks and offer section.
n) Every user will be eligible to earn gold coin rewards on each payment via Paytm UPI.
o) User can redeem the Gold Coins into Real gold upon Min 1500 Gold Coins Acquired.
p) The Offer is being made purely on a "best effort" basis and is valid during Offer Period only.
q) In cases of fraudulent/suspicious transactions, Paytm solely reserves the right to revoke the offer or cancel (mark ineligible) a transaction and corresponding cashback.
r) These Offers shall not be clubbed/used in conjunction/alongside any prevailing Offer/ promotion(s) available on Merchant Platform. Further the Offers are non-transferable, non-encashable, non-refundable.
s) In case of any issues regarding the Offer, kindly contact Paytm Customer Support.
t) Paytm reserves its absolute right to amend, modify, change, add, withdraw, alter any terms and conditions of the Offer or terminate this Offer without any prior notice. In case there is any discrepancy or dispute regarding the Offer, the decision by Paytm shall be final and binding. Neither Paytm nor any third party shall have any liability towards any User.
How to avail the Cashback
1. Visit Merchant App.
2. Complete a transaction as per the Offer stated above.
3. You will receive a scratch card upon completion of the eligible transaction.
4. Go to the ‘Cashback and Offer’ section of your Paytm app and get your scratch card.
5. Scratch your scratch card and redeem it.
Part B - Legal Terms & Conditions
1. By participating in this Offer,
a) The Participants hereby irrevocably authorize Paytm and its owners, affiliates, subsidiaries, associates and grants a royalty-free and perpetual right to use as per Paytm’s discretion any and all data gathered during and/or after the Offers in respect of the Participant (including but not limited to name and photograph and other personal details) for the purpose of this Offers and or in any of its communications including marketing promotions along with or without Paytm’s brand and advertisements, social media, Paytm Platform or any other public domain.
b) Participants hereby consent to the information being shared by Paytm with its affiliates and service providers in order to fulfill the Offer.
c) Participant/s confirms and hereby waives the applicability of rules and regulations of the National Do Not Call Registry and agrees to receive updates and promotional messages / SMS / Email / Call for current and future contests offers from Paytm.
2. All material and content contained in Paytm Platform is made available for Participant's personal and noncommercial use only. Any other use of the material/ content on Paytm Platform and/ or any information disseminated by SMS or any other means of communication are strictly prohibited.
3. SUBJECT TO ANY APPLICABLE LAW (A)ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, MEETING OF THE PARTICIPANT'S REQUIREMENTS OR ASPIRATIONS, TIMELINESS, SECURITY, THE RESULTS OR RELIABILITY OF THE CONTEST/OFFER, DELAY IN SENDING OR RECEIVING THE SMS OR ANY OTHER COMMUNICATION FOR PARTICIPATING IN THE OFFERS, DELAY IN TIME TAKEN FOR THE PROCESS, OR THE DELIVERY, QUALITY, QUANTITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR USE OR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT IN RESPECT OF ANY GOODS, SERVICES, BENEFITS OR CASHBACK/GRATIFICATION/AWARDS ACQUIRED OR OBTAINED THROUGH THE OFFERS OR ANY TRANSACTIONS EFFECTED THROUGH THE OFFERS; (B) THE PARTICIPANT EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT PARTICIPATION IN THE OFFER IS AT HIS/HER SOLE RISK AND DISCRETION AND IS GOVERNED BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS HEREIN; AND (C) NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION WHETHER BY REPRESENTATIONS, ORAL, WRITTEN OR PICTORIAL DERIVED FROM THE PAYTM PLATFORMS INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WEBSITES/ SMS, SHALL BE CONSTRUED TO MEAN THE GIVING OF ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER. PAYTM DOES NOT MAKE ANY COMMITMENT OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED TO RESPOND TO ANY FEEDBACK, SUGGESTION AND/OR QUERIES OF THE PARTICIPANT(S).
4. The Cashback to the Participants shall be given subject to compliance with all applicable statutory legislations and laws, processes and formalities in connection with the Cashback and on production of all such documents/papers as may be required by Paytm. Any failure on the part of the Participant(s) to comply with directions issued by Paytm for claim of Cashback shall entitle Paytm to forfeit the Cashback or roll the Cashback over to the next eligible Participants(s), at their sole discretion.
5. The Cashback(s) under this Offer are neither assignable nor transferable under any circumstance, unless specifically provided hereunder. All the cashbacks shall be subject to such other T&C as may be applicable to specific cashback and shall have to be duly complied with by the winner(s).
6. The Participant’s hereby agree and undertake not to hold Paytm or any of its group entities or affiliates, its respective directors, officers, employees, responsible for or liable for, any actions, claims, demands, losses, damages, costs, charges and expenses, either direct or indirect or remote that they may/might have suffered, sustained or incurred, or claim to suffer, sustain or incur, by way of and /or on account of this Offer. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY, IN CASE OF ANY DISPUTE, MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF PAYTM, SHALL NOT EXCEED VALUE OF THE CONCERNED CASHBACK.
7. Paytm reserves the right to extend, cancel, discontinue, prematurely withdraw, change, alter or modify this Offer or any part thereof including the eligibility criteria, the T&C and cashback at their sole discretion at any time during its validity as may be required including in view of business exigencies and/or changes by a regulatory authority and/or statutory changes and/or any reasons beyond their control and the same shall be binding on the Participant. Paytm reserves all the rights to offer any amount/coupon/voucher/any other cashback equivalent to the cost of the cashback. No queries/complaints whatsoever in this regard will be entertained.
8. The Participants shall indemnify and keep indemnified Paytm and their officers, directors, employees, customers, and affiliates harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, suits, proceedings, action, liabilities, damages, expenses and costs (including attorney’s fees and court costs) which Paytm may incur, pay or become responsible as sponsor/organizer/facilitator as a result of (i) breach or alleged breach of the representations or obligations by the Participants under the T&C hereunder; (ii) any failure by the Participants to comply with applicable law and (iii) any third party claim in respect of misuse of any information of a third party by the Participant. Paytm shall have the right to defend themselves, pursuant to this clause, at the cost of the Participants. Paytm or their respective affiliates shall not be responsible for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive or consequential damages, including loss of profits, incurred by the winner(s) or any third party, in connection with the Offer.
9. Paytm or its affiliates or associates or agents shall not be responsible or liable to Participant/winner(s) or any third party , for any direct and or indirect losses, damages or claims of whatsoever nature including (1) incidental, special, punitive or consequential damages, loss of profits, technical errors or failures, mobile connectivity, delay in sending or receiving the SMS or any other communication to the Participants, or any action that has been initiated, actioned or completed through Participants mobile phones, failure of servers or the failure to provide the updates or any failures arising out of technical snags or resultant inability of the Participant(s) to view or observe the Offers or T&C, or (2) any personal loss or injury that may be suffered (including loss of life) by a Participant(s) and/or any third party, directly or indirectly, by use or non-use of the Offer or Cashback or Paytm Platform or Product purchased or booked through Paytm Platform.
10. Apart from the Offer and Cashback, the Participants or their legal heirs/ successors/ representatives shall have no other rights or claims against Paytm, its owners and affiliates.
11. This Offer is subject to force majeure circumstances including without limitation, floods, natural disasters, war, and act of terror, political unrests, technical snags, act of God, change of laws or technical errors or failure, computer viruses, tampering, un authorized intervention, interception, fraud, technical failures, epidemic, floods, fires, accidents, earthquakes, riots, explosions, wars, hostilities change in guidelines of Government agencies/authorities, regulatory directions/instructions/ruling, inclement weather, topographical/ geographic/ demographic factors, maintenance work, availability of interconnection with other networks, network issues or any circumstance beyond the control of Paytm (“Force Majeure Event”). Paytm shall not be liable for any delay or adverse effect or failure or breach or damages or act or omission caused to this Offers or Participant(s) as a result of a Force Majeure Event.
12. Paytm shall not be responsible for system outages, delays, equipment malfunctions, errors or data loss of any kind, lost or unavailable connections or other technical difficulties or any other force majeure event that may prevent a Participant from participating in the Offer.
13. Failure by Paytm to enforce any of its rights at any stage does not constitute a waiver of those rights. Paytm may assign any of its rights hereunder to any party without prior intimation to Participant(s). Participant(s) shall not assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder to any other party.
14. If any terms and conditions of the Offer are found to be invalid or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from these terms and conditions and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
15. The decision of Paytm on all aspects including with regard to administering the Offer shall be final and binding on the Participant.
16. Paytm reserves the right to forfeit the cashback or to disqualify or to declare any Participant ineligible, in the event of failure or breach or non-adherence to the T&C by the Participant.
17. These T&C of the Offer are the extension of the Paytm policies/terms and conditions, mentioned on the Paytm Platform. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency regarding any instructions, rules and conditions on any advertising or promotional material relating to the Offer, these T&C shall prevail over all such other instructions, rules and conditions or any other document or agreement.
18. Any dispute arising out of the Offer and/or the T&C shall be attempted to be resolved amicably through negotiations.
19. This Offer and T&C are subject to Indian laws and the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts at New Delhi.
Punjab National Bank Debit Card Instant Discount Offer*
Offer Details:
1. 10% Instant Discount*
2. Minimum Order Value - Rs. 1,999
3. Maximum Discount - Rs. 750
4. Applicable on - Punjab National Bank RuPay Select & RuPay Platinum Debit Cards
5. Offer Dates: 6th October to 21st November 2025
6. Once per card per month.
Terms and Conditions:
1. The offer is applicable only on transactions made using Punjab National Bank RuPay Select Debit Card (652512) and RuPay Platinum Debit Card (652276, 508979, 652214, 607859).
2. The offer is applicable only to transactions done during the campaign period & will not be applicable on any other day.
3. Offer is not applicable on subscription purchases (example: Club Membership Program).
4. All the existing offers, gifts, Instant Discounts etc. offered on Firstcry.com can be used by the Cardholders apart from this exclusive offer as mentioned in the communication.
5. Offer is valid only on FirstCry Online platform and not valid at Retail Stores.
6. Offer is not applicable on the purchase of Digital Products and Gift Certificate.
7. FirstCry & Punjab National Bank Debit Cards reserve right to modify or end the offer during the campaign period.
Note: - FirstCry is a participating entity as per the commercial between Punjab National Bank Debit Cards and Digital Age Retail Pvt Ltd.
Punjab National Bank Credit Card Instant Discount Offer*
This marketing program (“Program”) is from Punjab National Bank Credit Cards under an arrangement with Digital Age Retail Pvt Ltd., (“Merchant”) and is open to all residents of India holding a valid and current Punjab National Bank Credit Cards (“Cardholder”)
Under this program:
Offer Details:
1. 10% Instant Discount*
2. Offer Period 1: 1st Jan to 15th Jan 2026
3. Offer Period 2: 1st Feb to 31st Mar 2026
4. Minimum Order Value - Rs. 1,999
5. Maximum Discount - Rs. 750
5. Applicable on - Punjab National Bank Credit Cards
6. Offer Dates: 1st October to 31st December 2025
7. Twice per card per month.
Terms and Conditions:
1. The offer is applicable only on transactions made using Punjab National Bank Credit Cards with Select BINs.
2. The offer is applicable only to transactions done during the campaign period & will not be applicable on any other day.
3. Offer is not applicable on subscription purchases (example: Club Membership Program) .
4. All the existing offers, gifts, Instant Discounts etc. offered on Firstcry.com can be used by the Cardholders apart from this exclusive offer as mentioned in the communication.
5. Offer is valid only on FirstCry Online platform and not valid at Retail Stores.
6. Offer is not applicable on the purchase of Digital Products and Gift Certificate.
7. FirstCry & Punjab National Bank Credit Cards reserve right to modify or end the offer during the campaign period.
Note: - FirstCry is a participating entity as per the commercial between Punjab National Bank Credit Cards and Digital Age Retail Pvt Ltd.
SBI Cards Offer | 15th January to 28th January 2026
OFFER TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
1. This Marketing Program (“Program”) is offered by SBI Card & Payment Services Ltd. (“SBICPSL”) under an
arrangement with Digital Age Retail Limited (“FirstCry”/Partner).
2. It is open to all legal residents of India holding a valid and current SBI/Tata Credit Card excluding SBI/Tata Corporate Credit Card, Cashback Card and SBI Paytm Cobrand Card (“Cardholder”) and to whom a communication is sent by SBICPSL and/or FirstCry. Offer is not valid on Rupay Credit Card transactions done via UPI.
3. The Validity of the Program (“Term”) is from 15th Jan 2026 expiring on 28th Jan 2026 (both days including) unless extended by SBICPSL and FirstCry by mutual consent in writing for a further period “additional term”.
4. Under this Program, cardholder can avail:
1. 5% Instant Discount at Firstcry.com & FirstCry Mobile App.
2. Minimum Transaction amount - 2999
3. Maximum discount - Rs 500 per transaction
4. Offer valid only on 1 transaction per card.
5. Offer valid on Firstcry.com & Mobile App.
5. In case of full cancellation/return of your order, transaction will not qualify for the Offer under this program. If you cancel a part of your order, you will qualify for the Offer only on the net amount you pay on the basis eligibility.
6. Delinquent and blocked SBI/Tata Cardholders will not qualify for this Offer.
OTHER OFFER TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
1. The above Offer is by way of a special offer for SBI/Tata Credit Cardholders only excluding SBI/Tata Corporate Credit Cardholders and nothing contained herein shall prejudice or affect the terms and conditions of the card member agreement between SBICPSL and their Cardholders. The terms of the above Program shall be in addition to and not in derogation of the terms contained in the card member agreement., Merchant EMI Terms and Conditions and Rewards Terms & Conditions.
2. Any query regarding the program will be entertained only till 28.01.2026. Post such date, SBICPSL & Partner will not entertain any correspondence or communication in any manner whatsoever regarding this Program
from any persons.
3. As per Rewards Terms & Conditions, Reward points accrued on offer eligible transactions will be forfeited. Reward points will be forfeited for all transactions done during offer period and considered for Offer computation. At the time of forfeiture in case the Cardholder has inadequate Reward Point balance, then an amount equivalent to Reward Points to be Forfeited will be debited from the Cardholder’s account. Effective offers launched from 01 December 2023, reward points forfeiture will be done within 90 days of Cashback posting date for Cashback offers. In case of Instant Discount offers, reward points forfeiture will SBI Card Internalbe done within 4 months of end of offer month. For example, an Instant discount offer ends on 28th Jan 2026. In this case, end of offer month will be 31st January 2026. Hence, Reward Points forfeiture will happen after 31st January 2026 and before/on 31st May 2026.
4. SBICPSL does not endorse any of the products or brands being offered under the Program and will not accept any direct liability pertaining to the quality, merchantability, fitness, delivery or after sales service of such products which shall be at the sole liability of the Partner.
5. All the existing offers, discounts etc. on select/all products or services that are being offered by partner can be availed by the Cardholders as part of this offer as mentioned in this communication.
6. Pictures of products shown in the communication sent to the customer either through mailers, push notifications, social media channels, statements or advertised on the website/mobile app, are representative only and may not bear a resemblance to the actual products. None of the parties shall under any circumstances be responsible towards the same.
7. Products/services offered under this program are subject to availability from the respective participating merchants/sellers of Partner and accordingly SBICPSL in no circumstances shall be liable for non-availability of any of the products/services.
8. SBICPSL shall adhere, cater and ensure on best effort basis to perform the agreed terms and conditions of the program.
9. SBICPSL will not be liable for any technical or any offer configuration related issue at Partner platform on account of which cardholder is unable to avail the offer. All such concerns need to be taken up directly with the Partner by cardholder for resolution.
10. Under no circumstances will the offer/cashback being offered under this Program be settled with cash in lieu by SBICPSL or by Partner.
11. Returned transactions, disputed transactions (closed in customer favour) or unauthorized/fraudulent transactions will not be considered for the Offer.
12. SBICPSL will not entertain any correspondence regarding the validity or acceptability of any additional benefits offered by Partner/Partner’s sellers on products/services made available by it and the same shall be at the sole risk and consequences of Partner/Partner’s sellers and without reference to SBICPSL.
13. All government Levies like Sales Tax, TDS, any Local Tax, Octroi etc., shall be payable by the Cardholder as applicable at the time the respective Offer was offered.
14. This Offer shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations which are in existence and which may be promulgated anytime by any statutory authority.
15. SBICPSL reserves the right to disqualify the Cardholder(s) from the benefits of the Offer, if any fraudulent activity is identified as being carried out for the purpose of availing the benefits under the said Offer or otherwise by use of the Card subject to intimation to Partner of such disqualification.
16. Any person availing this Offer shall be deemed to have accepted these terms and conditions.
17. SBICPSL and Partner reserve the right, at any time, without prior notice and without assigning any reason whatsoever, to add/alter/modify/change or vary all or some of these terms and conditions or to replace, wholly or in part, this offer by another offer, whether similar to this Offer or not, or to extend or withdraw it altogether.
18. Cardholders are not bound in any way to participate in this Offer. Any participation is voluntary and the Offer is being made purely on a best effort basis.
19. Nothing herein amounts to a commitment by SBICPSL to conduct further, similar or other Offers.
20. Any disputes arising out of the Offer between SBICPSL and Cardholder shall be subject to arbitration by a sole arbitrator to be appointed by SBICPSL for this purpose. The proceedings of the arbitration shall be conducted as per the provisions of Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 and amendment thereof. The Seat & Venue of arbitration shall be at New Delhi, India and language of arbitration shall be English. The existence of a dispute, if any, shall not constitute a claim against SBICPSL or Partner or any of its affiliates.
21. SBICPSL may engage, hire, use the services of agent(s) and/or any third party(ies) for the purpose of providing marketing or sales related services or any other related services in relation to its products on its behalf and the customer may be required to deal with such agents/third parties/service providers with respect to such product/services.
22. These terms & conditions shall be governed and interpreted as per the laws of India and any dispute relating to these terms & conditions shall be subjected to exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Delhi.
Instructions for Wallet Cashbacks.
Brainbees Solutions Ltd. holds the right to not accept refund of transactions where the refund value is less than the Cashback value issued by any wallet. For example user X did a transaction for Rs 500 and got a Cashback from wallet for Rs 200, now user wants to return one part of the product costing Rs 160. In this case refund value is less than the cashback issued to the customer and refund will not be accepted.User X, will either be given a Gift Voucher or Cash Refund of the same amount which can be used on site with the next purchase.
We accept Paytm, MobiKwik etc wallets for online transactions.You can also redeem exciting deals and cash backs which would be mentioned above. These offers are subject to change and we request you to check this space before making the purchase.
Transactions & Cancellations
Minimum Order Value
To place an order on FirstCry.com the minimum order value has to be more than Rs. 99 (Excluding COD charges, Shipping charges, or value reduced after application of coupons or any other offer)
Credit Card Details
You hereby agree, understand and confirm that the credit card details provided by you for availing of services on website will be correct, accurate and current. Under no circumstances you shall use a credit card which is not lawfully owned by you. You further agree and undertake to provide the correct and valid credit card details to us. The card details will not be utilised and shared by us with any of the third parties unless required for fraud verifications or by law, regulation or court order. We will not be liable for any credit card fraud. The liability for use of a card fraudulently will be on you and the onus to 'prove it otherwise' shall be exclusively on you.
Fraudulent /Declined Transactions
In case of fraudulent use of the site, we reserve the right to recover the cost of goods, collection charges and lawyers fees from person(s) concerned. We reserve the right to initiate legal proceedings against such person(s) for fraudulent use of the Site and any other unlawful acts or acts or omissions in breach of these terms and conditions. Product returns are subject to verification by Firstcry. In cases where product discrepancies are identified post performing internal assessment of the returned product, Firstcry may decline to process refunds or may adjust the value from successive orders, in accordance with its internal investigation and applicable policies.
Cancellations by the Customer
In case we receive a cancellation notice and the order has not been shipped by us, we shall cancel the order and refund the entire amount. The orders that have already been shipped out by us will not be cancelled and you will have to check our return policy on those orders.
Cancellation by FirstCry.com
Under certain circumstances it might not be possible for us to accept an order and we may be compelled to cancel the same. We reserve the right to refuse or cancel any order for any reason at our sole discretion. Some situations that may result in your order being cancelled include limitations on quantities available for purchase, inaccuracies or errors in product or pricing information, or problems identified by our credit and fraud avoidance department. We may also ask for additional verifications or information before accepting any order. We will contact you if all or any portion of your order is cancelled or if additional information is required to accept your order. If your order is cancelled after your credit card has been charged, the said amount will be add to the "Cash Refund" section of your FirstCry account. The customer agrees not to dispute the decision made by us and accept our decision regarding the cancellation.
Payment
While availing any of the payment method/s offered by us, we are not responsible or take no liability of whatsoever nature in respect of any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly to you out of the decline due to:
1. lack of authorization for any transaction/s,
2. or exceeding the preset limit mutually agreed by you and between your "Bank/s",
3. or any payment issues arising out of the transaction,
4. or decline of transaction for any other reason/s.
All payments made against the purchases/services on Firstcry.com by you shall be compulsorily in Indian Rupees acceptable by the Union of India. Firstcry.com does not accept any other form of currency with respect to the purchases.
Before shipping your order to you, we may request you to provide supporting documents (including but not limited to Govt. issued ID and address proof) to establish the ownership of the payment instrument used by you for your purchase. This is done in the interest of providing a safe online shopping environment to our users.
Club Cash Usage
FirstCry restricts the usage of Club Cash in a transaction when you are buying a GSO (Guaranteed Savings Offer) or a Gift Certificate.
Guidelines for Writing Product Reviews
Who can write a Product Review and Rate Product on Firstcry.com?
Product Review and Rating can be given only by verified buyers of a product. Verified Buyers of a product are those buyers who have purchased the product and the product is delivered to the buyer.
Are there any specific rules that need to be followed while writing a review?
No, there are no specific rules which need to be followed while writing a review. However, we have put together some guidelines which can be followed while writing a product review -
1. Be Precise and Specific
While writing a product review, you should keep in mind the fact that other Firstcry users might use your review to form a judgment, whether to select the product or not. Therefore, a precise, specific & unbiased product review plays a critical part and would always help a customer make a better choice about which product to buy.
2. Don't keep any loose ends
Always keep all the details provided well settled and explained. Incomplete or inaccurate information will not help any customer other than confusing them about the product.
3. Spell what is required
A good review should serve the most basic purpose i.e. what you liked/disliked about the product and why with the exact details.
4. Remove distractions from review
Before submitting the review for moderation, it is wise to spell check and proofread your review accurately.
What needs to be avoided while writing a review?
Firstcry reserves the right to not include the product review that includes any one or more of the following -
1. Inappropriate content - like promotional information or phone numbers.
2. Information not related to the product - Shipment/Delivery Experience, availability, ordering, etc.
3. Inaccuracies in product information & product catalogue.
4. References - to other retailers, pricing, personal information, etc.
5. Copying and pasting text from other reviews, guides, or sources.
6. Comments on other reviews posted on the product page.
7. Foreign language content.
8. Off-topic information or obscene content.
9. Irrelevant user IDs or email IDs used for posting reviews.
What are the allowed characters while writing a review?
Following are the allowed characters while writing a review. Please follow the list while entering the review title and review text.
1. A to Z in lowercase and uppercase.
2. Numerals from 0 to 9.
3. Special characters ~`!@#$%^&*()_+=-{}][:”';?/>. < ,
User Conduct
You Agree and Confirm
1. That you will use the services provided by FirstCry.com, its affiliates, consultants and contracted companies, for lawful purposes only and comply with all applicable laws and regulations while using the Site and transacting on the Site.
2. You will provide true, accurate, complete and current information in all instances where such information is requested of you. FirstCry.com reserves the right to confirm and validate the information and other details provided by you at any point of time. If upon confirmation your details are found not to be true (wholly or partly), FirstCry.com has the right in its sole discretion to reject the registration and debar you from using the Services of FirstCry.com and / or other affiliated websites without prior intimation whatsoever.
3. To compensate FirstCry.com for any extra cost incurred for redelivery in the event of a non-delivery in the first instance on account of a mistake by you (i.e. wrong name or address or any other wrong information).
4. That you using your best and prudent judgment before entering into any transaction through this Site doing so at your sole risk.
5. After placing an order for a product you agree to be bound by the conditions of sale included in the item's description.
You may not use the Site for any of the following purposes:
1. Disseminating any unlawful, harassing, libellous, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene, or otherwise objectionable material.
2. Transmitting material that encourages conduct that results in civil liability or otherwise breaches any relevant laws, regulations or code of practice or constitutes a criminal offence.
3. Gaining unauthorised access to other computer systems.
4. Interfering with any other person's use or enjoyment of the Site.
5. Breaching any applicable laws.
6. Interfering or disrupting networks or web sites connected to the Site.
7. Making, transmitting or storing electronic copies of materials protected by copyright without the permission of the owner. Design details and Colours.
We have made every effort to capture high resolution images of our products so that you get a feel of the design details and colours of our products that appear on the Site as accurately as possible. However, what you actually see will depend on your monitor; we cannot guarantee that your monitor's display of any colour or other details will be accurate.
Electronic Communications
When you visit the FirstCry Site or FirstCry Store or send emails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You hereby provide your consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by email or by posting notices on the Site. You hereby agree that all notices, agreements and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Modification of Terms & Conditions of Service
FirstCry.com reserves the right to make changes to our Terms of Use and/or our Privacy Policy (which is incorporated herein by reference) at our sole discretion and you may not be notified. We suggest to you, therefore, that you re-read this important notice containing our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy from time to time in order that you stay informed as to any such changes. You have accepted the Agreement as amended if you continue to use any of FirstCry.com's Services after any amendments are posted on our Website.
Shop 'n' Earn Club Cash
This Program Membership Agreement (“Agreement”) explains the terms and conditions that govern your participation in the Shop 'n' Earn Club Cash Program ("Program"). This Agreement is between the Applicant (“You”) and DIGITAL AGE RETAIL PRIVATE LIMITED (“DARP” or “WE”). It is your responsibility to read and understand the terms and conditions of this Agreement. By registering as a member in the Program ("Member"), you agree to be bound by these Program Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy of FirstCry.com.
I.Program Overview
1. This is an exclusive FirstCry.com program designed to reward Firstcry.com customers for purchasing products from this site. The Program is available on the FirstCry.com Websites, Mobile Apps and Stores and cannot be used in case of products being purchased from third party sites or stores.
2. Participation in the Program and the benefits that are offered to Program members is at the sole discretion of DARP, and we have the right to change the respective Program terms and conditions, in whole or in part, at any time with or without giving any notice to its Members.
3. Program is available only to retail customers who are transacting on FirstCry.com website or in the FirstCry.com stores, and would not be available to any wholesale/ third party customers purchasing any FirstCry.com product(s).
4. As a part of this benefit, 3 months & 6 months Club Users will get Club Cash on products as per the Club Cash allocation logic of FirstCry and 12 months Club Users will get 2 X Club Cash, compared to the Club Cash that would have been credited, if they were 3-month or 6-month club members.
II. Eligibility and Registration Requirements
1. You must be of legal age (18 years) to qualify for membership in the Program.
2. Members must be human: no machines, scripts, or automated services may be used to participate in this program.
3. To begin the enrolment process, you will submit a complete Program Application via the FirstCry.com Site or Store. We will evaluate your application in good faith and will notify you of its acceptance or rejection. We may reject your application if we determine (in our sole discretion) that you are unsuitable for the Program.
III. Earning and Redeeming Rewards
1.You become a part of this program automatically if you are a FirstCry.com Club Member.
2. DARP may, in its sole discretion, introduce time-limited promotional offers ("Promotion") that enable Program Members to earn additional rewards for the completion of actions that are specified by us.
3. Once a Member meets all applicable requirements for a Promotion, the designated number of rewards specified by that Promotion shall be transferred to the Member. If eligible, the Club cash would be credited to the users account within 48 hours of successful delivery of the order. Cancelled / Returned orders shall not add Club cash to your account.
4. If you choose to return/cancel part or whole of any order for which you have earned Club cash, DARP may refund you a deducted amount based on the Club Cash earned for the returned/cancelled product. Eg. If you return any product/products, priced at Rs. 500 which have earned you Rs.50 Club cash, DARP holds the right to refund you only Rs. 450 to adjust for the Club Cash earned by you.
5. DARP is not responsible for changes to, or discontinuance of, any Promotion or for any effect on accrual of rewards caused by changes or discontinuance.
6. At no point, can the earned Club Cash be redeemed for cash. It may only be used to purchase products on FirstCry.com except in one condition where Guaranteed Savings Code is also used against the products in the order.
7. From 05/01/2023 and app versions 9.9.42 (Android) & 8.0.22 (iOS), Loyalty Cash is changed/converted to Club Cash with updated terms and conditions, as mentioned in this section.
8. The eligibility to use the Club Cash against your purchased amount can be changed by DARP at any time during the program without prior intimation to the users.
9. You will not earn any Club Cash in the following scenarios:
a. If you have availed any offer which provides product(s) for free in your order.
b. If you choose to earn Club Cash from any other third party provider such as Payback.
c. If you are not a FirstCry.Com Club member. {Club cash earning on products is exclusive for FirstCry.Com Club members }
10. Your Club Cash will be reduced by the percentage discount applicable on the product, either on site or through the use of any coupon code. Only the Club Cash applicable on the product at the time of purchase would be given to you. If the discounts are revised on a later date, you will not be entitled to the revised Club Cash
11. If you return or cancel the order, you will not earn Club Cash against that order.
12. If you return part of your order, you will only earn points for the products which have not been returned by you.
13. DARP holds the right to decide which products earn you Club Cash and which do not. Additionally, it also holds the right to change the amount of Club Cash against any product without prior notice.
14. Club Cash points earned during Club membership will be available to use post the expiry of the membership as well. However, these Club Cash, like all the Club Cash points earned on Firstcry.com, are also subjected to expiry as per DARP policy.
15. You can redeem Club cash if it is available in your Club cash section despite if you are not an active FirstCry.com Club member.
16. Club cash earned by you will expire 180 days after your last transaction involving an eligible club cash earn or till the club membership expiry date, whichever is greater.
17. Club Cash earned in a store will be credited against the account with the registered mobile number that matches with the mobile number provided in the bill and if the Club membership is active on that particular account.
18. It is your responsibility to ensure that there is an active FirstCry.com Club membership plan on the registered mobile number and the mobile number entered in the bill are correct and belong to you. It is also your responsibility to ensure that the mobile number you have provided online and in the store is the same.
19. Club Cash earned in the FirstCry.com stores can be redeemed in any FirstCry.com Store.
20. Club Cash earned at the FirstCry.com Store can also be redeemed on the FirstCry.com website & App only after you have logged in and verified the registered mobile number on FirstCry.com.
21. Club cash earned online at FirstCry.com can be redeemed via purchase made through the FirstCry.com websites or Apps. It can also be redeemed at the FirstCry.com Store if you have verified your registered mobile number after logging in on the FirstCry.com website.
IV.Disclosure of Account Information
1. Any personal data (for example name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) that you transmit through this site will be governed by FirstCry.com Privacy Policy, which is hereby incorporated by into these Terms and Conditions by reference.
2. You authorize DARP to disclose necessary information that you have provided to third parties, or information that DARP has obtained about your Account: (i) to agents of DARP or its affiliates, such as independent auditors, consultants or attorneys; (ii) to comply with government agency or court orders or requests; or (iii) where it is necessary for fulfilment with third party suppliers.
3. By entering into this Agreement, you authorize DARP and its Suppliers to share personal information about you, including but not limited to your e-mail address, full name and address.
V. Termination or Changes to the Program
1. DARP reserves the right to terminate the Program at any time without notice. Notification of Program termination by DARP would be publicized on the Program Web site only.
2. DARP may modify this Agreement from time to time, with or without notice, and your continued participation in the Program after such modification shall be deemed to be your acceptance of any such modification. It is your responsibility to check the Terms and Conditions page of the Program Website regularly to determine whether this Agreement has been modified. If you do not agree to any modification of this Agreement, you must immediately cease participation in the Program.
VI. Fraud; Termination of Membership
Membership in the Program is subject to the Program Terms and Conditions. Any failure to comply with the Program Terms and Conditions, any fraud or abuse relating to the accrual or redemption of rewards from DARP, or any misrepresentation of any information furnished to DARP or its affiliates by you, or anyone acting on your behalf, may result in the termination of your membership in the Program, cancellation of your Program account and/or forfeiture of your rewards / earnings. In the event of fraud, misconduct, or suspected fraud or misconduct by you or anyone acting on your behalf or under your password, DARP reserves the right to suspend access to your account indefinitely pending investigation.
VII. Limitation of Liability
We will not be liable for indirect, special, or consequential damages (or any loss of revenue, profits, or data) arising in connection with this Agreement or the Program, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. Further, our aggregate liability arising with respect to this Agreement and the Program will not exceed the Club Cash paid or payable to you under this Agreement.
VIII. Disclaimers
We make no express or implied warranties or representations with respect to the Program or any products sold through the Program (including, without limitation, warranties of fitness, merchantability, non-infringement, or any implied warranties arising out of a course of performance, dealing, or trade usage). In addition, we make no representation that the operation of the FirstCry.com Site will be uninterrupted or error-free, and we will not be liable for the consequences of any interruptions or errors.
IX. Disputes
Any dispute relating in any way to the Program or this Agreement in which the aggregate total claim for relief sought on behalf of one or more parties exceeds INR 1,00,000 will be adjudicated in any federal court in Pune, Maharashtra, and you hereby consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in those courts. You further acknowledge and agree that our rights in the Content are of a special, unique, extraordinary character, giving them peculiar value, the loss of which cannot be readily estimated and may not be adequately compensated for in monetary damages.
X. Miscellaneous
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the Indian Republic and the state of Maharashtra, without reference to rules governing choice of laws. You may not assign this Agreement, by operation of law or otherwise, without our prior written consent. Subject to that restriction, this Agreement will be binding on, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable against the parties and their respective successors and assigns. Our failure to enforce your strict performance of any provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of our right to subsequently enforce such provision or any other provision of this Agreement.
Guaranteed Savings Program
Please read this program membership agreement ("Agreement") carefully before enrolling as a member of the Guaranteed Savings Program ("Program") This Agreement explains the terms and conditions that govern your participation in the Guaranteed Savings Program ("Program"). This Agreement is between you and DARP. It is your responsibility to read and understand the terms and conditions of this Agreement. By registering as a member in the Program ("Member"), you agree to be bound by these Program Terms of Use and Firstcry.com Privacy Policy.
I.Program Overview
1. This is an online-only program designed to reward Firstcry.com customers for purchasing products on this site. The Program is available via access through the Program Websites only and cannot be used if buying products from 3rd party sites.
2. Participation in the Program and the benefits that are offered to Program members is at the sole discretion of DARP, and we have the right to change the respective Program terms and conditions, in whole or in part, at any time with or without giving any notice to its Members.
3. Program is available only to retail customers who are transacting on site, and would not be available to any wholesale/3rd party customers purchasing any Firstcry.com product(s).
II. Eligibility and Registration Requirements
1. You must be of legal age (18 years) to qualify for membership in the Program.
2. Members must be human: no machines, scripts, or automated services may be used to participate in this program.
III. Buying & Redeeming Guaranteed Savings
Guaranteed Savings offer is limited to Brands, Subcategories or Products being displayed on the "Guaranteed Savings" page or in case if any special offer message being displayed against a particular product, brand & Subcategory item information pages on sites Firstcry.
Once a Member meets all applicable requirements for a Promotion, the designated "Guaranteed Savings" code will be transferred to the Members email and to Members registered account with Firstcry.com.
Every "Guaranteed Savings" offer will carry validity & order criteria that need to be followed while placing order through Guaranteed Savings. Member can check these terms on
Guaranteed-Savings-Offer
under the
How it works
and
FAQ's
DARP is not responsible for changes to, or discontinuance of, any Promotion.
The eligibility to use the Guaranteed Savings code against specified Brand, Subcategories & Products changed by DARP at any time during the program without prior intimation to the users.
Member's Subscription balance will be reduced once order is successfully placed with the "Guaranteed Savings" code. Additionally Usage, Validity and expiry of the "Subscription" can be checked under the member registered "My Account" section on Firstcry.com.
Your participation in the Guaranteed Savings is personal to you, and you may not assign or transfer your Subscription or any of the benefits to any third party.
If any problems arise with your Guaranteed Savings offer, the usage disputes or offer expiry, validity associated with your Guaranteed Savings offer, we will either call or notify you via e-mail using the address associated with you asking you to help resolve the problem and reactivate your Guaranteed Savings offer.
All returns under the "Guaranteed Savings" offers are subject to Firstcry.com
"Return Policy"
IV.Payment and Renewal
Valid "Guaranteed Savings" offers can only be purchased through Online Payment Options like Credit Cards, ATM/Debit Cards, NetBanking, Wallet
You can not use Club Cash While purchasing "Guaranteed Savings" offers
The total cost charged to you against the "Guaranteed Savings" code will be returned back to you in form of a "Guaranteed Savings" code which you can use anytime to buy subscription products and get minimum assured discount with every order placed.
Guaranteed Savings offer issued once cannot be renewed, member has to buy new offer in order to buy more products.
V. Offer usage with Offer/Promotional Codes
All cart offers/Offer/Promotional Code will work with the "Guaranteed Savings" code given that all the terms of use defined against the Cart Offers/Offer/Promotional code are met. Club Cash and Guaranteed Savings code cannot be used together in one order.
VI. Disclosure of Account Information
1. Any personal data (for example name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) that you transmit through this site will be governed by Firstcry.com Privacy Policy, which is hereby incorporated by into these Terms and Conditions by reference.
2. You authorize DIGITAL AGE RETAIL PVT LTD to disclose necessary information that you have provided to third parties, or information that DIGITAL AGE RETAIL PVT LTD has obtained about your Account: (i) to agents of DIGITAL AGE RETAIL PVT LTD or its affiliates, such as independent auditors, consultants or attorneys; (ii) to comply with government agency or court orders or requests; or (iii) where it is necessary for fulfillment with third party suppliers.
3. By entering into this Agreement, you authorize DIGITAL AGE RETAIL PVT LTD and its Suppliers to share personal information about you, including but not limited to your e-mail address, full name and address.
VII. Deactivating a Guaranteed Savings Offer.
A Guaranteed Savings offer can be deactivated any time before the offer expires.Post expiry, there will be no refund provided against the balance amount. For deactivating a Guaranteed Savings offer you need to go to the Guaranteed Savings offer page and click on the "Deactivate" button next to the respective Guaranteed Savings offer's.
Once a Guaranteed Savings offer has been deactivated, the balance funds in the Guaranteed Savings offer will be added to the Cash Refund in your FirstCry account.
There funds can then be used for purchasing any product from FirstCry.com
VIII. Termination or Changes to the Program
1. DIGITAL AGE RETAIL PVT LTD reserves the right to terminate the Program at any time without notice. Notification of Program termination by DIGITAL AGE RETAIL PVT LTD would be publicized on the Program Web site only.
2. DIGITAL AGE RETAIL PVT LTD may modify this Agreement from time to time, with or without notice, and your continued participation in the Program after such modification shall be deemed to be your acceptance of any such modification. It is your responsibility to check the Terms and Conditions page of the Program Website regularly to determine whether this Agreement has been modified. If you do not agree to any modification of this Agreement, you must immediately cease participation in the Program.
Parenting Services
The "Parenting" Platform built by firstcry.com, is a community of parents, where they can bond with each other and request for a solution for the day to day challenges they encounter with their baby directly from the counselors and the parents available on the platform, and can also refer to the variety of literature on parenthood. This platform also provides the users for sharing important and wonderful information with the other parents so that their everyday parenting journey is filled with a lot more laughter than tears of their oh-so-cute babies. With a simple login, you can connect with several other parents whose biggest trouble in life is the changed poop color of their babies. " a mom is watching your heart walk outside your body", and we at Firstcry.com Parenting understand the beautiful pains and challenges a mother goes through while taking care of her baby, HENCE US!
Restricted Access
Access to certain areas and/or content of the Parenting is restricted. Firstcry.com reserves the right to restrict access to other areas and/or content of the Parenting, or indeed this entire website, at the Website's discretion. If Firstcry.com provides you with a user ID and password to enable you to access restricted areas of this website or other content or services, you must ensure that the user ID and password are kept confidential. Firstcry.com may disable your user ID and password in Firstcry.com's sole discretion without notice or explanation.
Prohibitions
In furtherance to the terms mentioned in User Conduct above, Users should not:
Submit, post, or otherwise make available to or through the Web Site any information that:
.
is unlawful, harassing, defamatory, abusive, threatening, obscene, harmful, tortious, libelous, or invasive of another's privacy;
.
infringes or violates any party's copyright, trademark, trade secret, patent, or other proprietary right;
.
contains any worms, viruses, or other harmful, disruptive, or destructive files, code, or programs;
.
includes any unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, chain letters, spam, junk mail, or any other type of unsolicited mass email to people or entities that have not agreed to be part of such mailings; or
.
you do not have the right to submit, post, disseminate, or transmit.
Use the Parenting Platform in any way to:
.
impersonate any person or entity; falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity; intentionally omit, delete, forge, or misrepresent transmission information, including headers, return mailing, and Internet protocol addresses; or otherwise manipulate identifiers to disguise the origin of any content that you submit or transmit through the Web Site;
.
disrupt the normal flow of dialogue or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users' ability to engage in real-time exchanges;
.
interfere with, disrupt, or harm in any way the Site or servers or networks connected to the Web Site;
.
Electronically stalk or otherwise harass another user;
.
engage in any activities that would violate the personal privacy rights of others, including but not limited to collecting and distributing information about other users without their permission, except as permitted by applicable law; or
.
use the Web Site in violation of any applicable laws or regulations, or any rules or guidelines established by Firstcry.
No Doctor - Patient Relationship
Please note that some of the content, text, data, graphics, images, information, suggestions, guidance, and other material (collectively, "Information") that may be available on Parenting (including information provided in direct response to your questions or postings) may be provided by individuals in the medical profession. The information and views provided herein should not be treated as medical advice. The information on the Parenting is provided without any representations or warranties, express or implied. You must not rely on the information on the Parenting as an alternative to medical advice from your doctor or other professional healthcare provider. If you have any specific questions about any medical matter, you should consult your doctor or other professional healthcare provider. The Parenting includes interactive features that allow users to communicate with us. You acknowledge that because of the limited nature of communication through the Parenting's interactive features, any assistance you may receive using any such features is likely to be incomplete or not appropriate for your condition. As health and nutrition research continuously evolves, we do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of any information presented on the Parenting.
No Obligation to Pre-screen User Content
Firstcry does not have any obligation to pre-screen, edit, or remove any Content provided by Users that is posted on or available through the Web Site. However, Firstcry will have the right (but not the obligation), in its sole discretion and for any reason, to pre-screen, edit, refuse to accept, remove, or move any such Content.
The views, opinions and positions (including content in any form) expressed within this post are those of the author alone. The accuracy, completeness and validity of any statements made within this article are not guaranteed. We accept no liability for any errors, omissions or representations. The responsibility for intellectual property rights of this content rests with the author and any liability with regards to infringement of intellectual property rights remains with him/her.
Parenting may include hyperlinks to third party content or images. You acknowledge and agree that Parenting is not responsible for and does not endorse any advertising, products or resource available from such resources or websites. The intellectual property rights in the said third party images/content does not belong to Parenting. These links are provided for your information and convenience only and are not an endorsement by the Parenting of the content of such linked websites or third parties. Parenting has no control over the contents of any linked website and is not responsible for these websites or their content or availability. Thus, we are not responsible for the content or accuracy of any third-party resource or for any loss or damage of any sort resulting from the use of, or for any failure of, products or services provided at or from a third party resource. We recommend these resources on an 'as is' basis. When you use a third party resource, you will be subject to its terms and licenses and no longer be protected by our privacy policy or security practices, which may differ from the third policy or practices or other terms. You should familiarize yourself with any license or use terms of, and the privacy policy and security practices of, the third party resource, which will govern your use of that resource..
Purposes of Data Collection
We collect information about you because we want to determine what you may like or find interesting, so we can provide you with targeted information and advertising (on our Site, in newsletters, via email and otherwise). In addition, we use data to create statistics and reports where personally identifiable information has been removed and aggregated (such that it is anonymous as regards any specific user) for various business purposes.
On submission of your contact details with the Site, you authorize FirstCry to contact you through email or phone. This will override registry on the NDNC
The views, opinions and positions (including content in any form) expressed within this post are those of the author alone. The accuracy, completeness and validity of any statements made within this article are not guaranteed. We accept no liability for any errors, omissions or representations. The responsibility for intellectual property rights of this content rests with the author and any liability with regards to infringement of intellectual property rights remains with him/her.
Parenting may include hyperlinks to third party content or images. You acknowledge and agree that Parenting is not responsible for and does not endorse any advertising, products or resource available from such resources or websites. The intellectual property rights in the said third party images/content does not belong to Parenting. These links are provided for your information and convenience only and are not an endorsement by the Parenting of the content of such linked websites or third parties. Parenting has no control over the contents of any linked website and is not responsible for these websites or their content or availability. Thus, we are not responsible for the content or accuracy of any third-party resource or for any loss or damage of any sort resulting from the use of, or for any failure of, products or services provided at or from a third party resource. We recommend these resources on an 'as is' basis. When you use a third party resource, you will be subject to its terms and licenses and no longer be protected by our privacy policy or security practices, which may differ from the third policy or practices or other terms. You should familiarize yourself with any license or use terms of, and the privacy policy and security practices of, the third party resource, which will govern your use of that resource
FITJUNIOR PROGRAM
The "FitJunior Program" (
"Program"
) is a platform provided by us which will involve interaction between you, the Users, and professional dieticians (
"Dieticians"
) to discuss and seek recommendations on nutrition filled meals for children. We aim to help you achieve your goals and provide your child a healthier, more active life through this Program. The services we provide are not medical or health care services in nature. Although few of the Dieticians we have as third parties may be licensed healthcare practitioners, but they do not provide health care services through this Program. This Program is purely an opinion and shall not misinterpreted to be a substitute for professional medical consultation/ advice/ or treatment from qualified physicians. The Program does not endorse any specific tests, physician or medical professional recommendations, products, procedures, opinions, or any other such information. We highly recommend you to consult your doctor before using the Program.
If you think that your child has a medical emergency/ urgency, we suggest you to call your doctor or 112 immediately as we do not provide any medical opinion through this Program.
Restricted Access
Access to certain areas and/or content of the Program is restricted. We reserve the right to restrict access to other areas and/or content of the Program, or indeed this entire Website, at our sole discretion. We also reserve the rights to withdraw or amend the services (or any features of the services). If we provide you with a user ID and password to enable you to access restricted areas of this Website or other content or services, you must ensure that the user ID and password are kept confidential. We may disable your user ID and password in our sole discretion without notice or explanation. You will report to us in case of any unauthorized or prohibited use of your services.
Prohibitions
Without prejudice to rest of these terms and the Privacy Policy, you undertake and confirm that your use of the Program shall be strictly subject to the following terms and conditions: As mandated by Regulation 3(2) of the Information Technology (Intermediaries Guidelines) Rules, 2011 ("IG Rules"), the Company hereby informs to Users that the User shall not permitted to host, display, upload, modify, publish, transmit, update or share any information that: belongs to another person and to which you do not have any right ; is grossly harmful, harassing, blasphemous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, pedophilic, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatever; harms minors in any way; infringes any patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights; violates any law for the time being in force; deceives or misleads the addressee about the origin of such messages or communicates any information which is grossly offensive or menacing in nature; impersonates another person; contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer resource; threatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states, or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognizable offence or prevents investigation of any offence or is insulting any other nation.
You shall also: observe and comply with the terms and conditions of this Program in letter and spirit; use and access the Program for your sole and personal use only and not for commercial purposes; provide full and accurate information about your child's diet/ food habits, health, personal care needs; not decipher, decompile, reverse engineer, or disassemble the software used by us; not use any engine, software, tool, agent or other device or mechanism (such as spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search the Program; not falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity; intentionally omit, delete, forge, or misrepresent transmission information, including headers, return mailing, and internet protocol addresses; or otherwise manipulate identifiers to disguise the origin of any content that you submit or transmit through the Program; not electronically stalk or otherwise harass another user; not engage in any activities that would violate the personal privacy rights of others, including but not limited to collecting and distributing information about other users without their permission, except as permitted by applicable law.
Services
The Program provides you with healthy, balanced nutrition plans (Services) to help your child meet their nutritional needs based on the data provided by the Users.
Free and Paid Services
The Services will include dietician services along with various nutrition filled meal plans provided free as well as on paid basis. The paid services will be categorized into automatically renewing subscription services, such as digital fitness or health programs, dietician services, and one-time purchases services (collectively called the
“Paid Services”
). Paid Services will include contents, personalized, interactive services. Please see the product page for your specific Paid Services for more information. We may amend, suspend, or discontinue Paid Services at any time for any reason.
Subscription Paid Services
(i)Your subscription term (
“Term”
) may vary in duration, depending on the plan that you select. We will notify you about the applicable fees basis the plan you select (
“Fees”
). Unless otherwise indicated by us, you will be charged for the Fees basis the Term of the plan payable either prior to or at the beginning of your subscription plan.
(ii)Cancellation of subscription: You may cancel your subscription plan at any time but the cancellation will take effect only at the end of the current subscription term.
(iii)Even though you cancel your subscription, we might still send you promotional communications about the Program unless you opt out to receive such communications and unsubscribe by following the instructions provided in the communications.
(iv)No refunds on cancellation:Â You will not receive any refund for the Term you paid for, but you will continue to have full access to that subscription until the end of that Term. At any time for any reason, we may, basis our sole and absolute discretion, provide refund, discount, or other consideration (
“Credits”
) to few or to all of our Users. The provision of Credits in one instance does not entitle you to Credits in the future for similar instances, nor does it obligate us to provide Credits in the future.
(v)Free Trials:Â From time to time, we may offer trials of certain subscription plans free of cost for a specified period of time. If we offer you a free trial, the specific terms of your free trial will be provided in the marketing materials describing the particular trial. Once your free trial ends, we (or our third-party payment processor) may contact you to encourage you to upgrade to a fully Paid Program.
One-time Purchases Paid Services
There will be few Paid Services which will be one-time purchases and not subscription-based. The One-time Purchases shall not be cancelled and you shall not be entitled to any refund for cancellation of such Services.
IT IS HEREBY CLARIFIED THAT THE SERVICES LISTED ON THE WEBSITE ARE SOLELY RENDERED BY THIRD PARTIES AND WE SOLELY OPERATE AS A PLATFORM, THEREBY, WE DISCLAIM TO MAKE ANY WARRANTIES FOR THE SERVICES, AND HENCE SHALL NOT BE HELD RESPONSIBLE IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER FOR THE SERVICES RENDERED BY THE THIRD PARTIES.
Dieticians Consultations
As a part of Paid Services with the Program you will also have the facility to consult with a dietician who will help you set nutritional goals for your child â€“ these may include but are not restricted to ways to create and maintain healthy habits, increase activity and fitness, or improve your childâ€™s nutritional health.
Dieticians will interact with you over a call which will be initiated and run through internal systems within the Program. These calls may be recorded for internal training purposes, and you give your consent for it at the time of subscribing the Program. You agree and accept the transfer of information to third parties for rendering of personalized Services for your child. Dieticians are contractually bound to keep your information confidential and agree not to use the information for any reasons apart from this Program. Occasionally, availability of a Dietician may change, and it shall be in our sole discretion to remove them with or without any prior notice to you. In the event that your Dietician is no longer available, we will connect you with another one.
When you interact with a Dietician in the Program, you agree to be professional and avoid engaging in inappropriate behavior. However, if a Dietician engages in any inappropriate behavior, we request you to report it to us.
You understand and agree that we act as a facilitator between you and the Dietician/practitioners. The recommendations of the Dieticians will solely be based on the data and information as shared by you with the Dietician. You understand and agree that we shall have no liability with respect to the authenticity of the services of the Dieticians being facilitated through the Program. The Company shall not be responsible for any breach of the Program, recommendations and repercussions or deficiency by the Dietician.
Third Party Links
This Program may include hyperlinks to third party content or images. You acknowledge and agree that Program shall not be responsible for and does not endorse any advertising, products or resource available from such resources or websites. The intellectual property rights in the said third party images/content does not belong to this Program. These links are provided for your information and convenience only and are not an endorsement by Program of the content of such linked websites or third parties. This Program has no control over the contents of any linked website and is not responsible for these websites or their content or availability. Thus, we shall not be responsible for the content or accuracy of any third-party resource or for any loss or damage of any sort resulting from the use of, or for any failure of, products or services provided at or from a third party resource. We recommend these resources on an 'as is' basis. When you use a third party resource, you will be subject to their terms and licenses and no longer be protected by our privacy policy or security practices, which may differ from the third policy or practices or other terms. You should familiarize yourself with any license or use terms of, and the privacy policy and security practices of, the third party resource, which will govern your use of that resource.
Collection, Storage and Sharing of Personal Data
We shall provide you with the facility to store your data in your account through the Program (the "Data Storage Services"). The data stored through the Program may include registration data, any other the information uploaded by you, history of your activities on the Program, your and/ or your childâ€™s diet and health records (the "Data").
The Data shall be provided and stored on as-is basis which is at your sole risk and responsibility, and we do not validate the said information. We have the right to access the Data for any purpose whatsoever including for operational and technical purposes. The treatment of the Data by the Company shall be as provided under the Privacy policy.
We make no representation and are not responsible for accuracy or completeness of the Data under the Data Storage Services. Further, we shall not be liable for any content, fact, data, diagnosis or the language used in the Data. It is clarified that you shall be solely responsible and liable for the Data.
By subscribing to this Program, you agree, accept and allow us to share and transfer your personal information with any third party solely for the purpose of this Program. You agree and allow us to save your personal information as long as it will be required under this Program.
Payment and Billing
We reserve a right to amend and modify the terms of the Fees, payment and billing without any prior intimation to you in our sole discretion.
We maintain a standard payment method and you agree to accept it at the time of making the payment. Furthermore, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to use the designated payment method and authorize us (or our third-party payment processor) to charge your payment method for the total amount of your purchase (including any applicable taxes and other charges).
Your Paid Service may be suspended or cancelled if the payment method is either not verified, or is invalid or is otherwise not acceptable by you.
If you accept a promotional offer or make changes to your Paid Services, the amount billed may vary.
In the event of any dispute pertaining to the payments made by you, we shall pass it to the payment gateway provider shall for resolution and we shall not be liable for any such dispute.
Offers and Promotions
All promotions offered on the Platform for the Company Services are for limited period and subject to special terms and conditions which may be notified with such offer/promotion, which are and shall be in addition to the terms stated herein.
Representations and Warranties Disclaimer
We clearly represent that the Services rendered to you are personal in nature and shall be solely based on the information provided to us and shall not be used by anyone else.
We represent to you that the Program is solely meant to ease the daily life of millennial mothers by providing easy healthy tips in day-to-day routine and does not warrant/ ensure health of your child in any way.
We clearly represent that we merely act as a digital intermediary to connect you with the Dieticians listed on the Program, and hence, we disclaim to be involved in any medical or health care services, and so you should not rely on us for any medical opinion.
We clearly disclaim the existence of any dietician/ doctor- client relationship carried out through this Program.
We clearly represent to you that any consultation provided herein is purely an opinion and hence, it should not be misinterpreted to be medical advice in any manner.
We represent that the Services and consultations provided herein are by the Dieticians/ nutritionists who are third parties and hence, we shall not be liable for any of their content/ recommendations.
We represent that any contents including texts, pictures, recipes, opinions, provided on the Website is posted by the third parties and we shall not be liable for any dispute including but not limited to infringement, misrepresentations, deficiency in services, unfair trade practices.
We make no representation that the operation of the Program will be uninterrupted or error-free and we will not be liable for the consequences of any interruptions or errors. To the full extent permissible by applicable law, we do not warrant that the Program, its servers, or email sent from us are free of viruses or other harmful components.
We represent that we have the right to modify, develop, maintain, update or assign the rights of the Program in our sole discretion.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, we disclaims all liabilities arising out of your use or reliance upon the Program, its contents or any opinion or suggestion given or expressed by the Company or its third parties Dieticians.
We shall not be responsible or liable for any breach or loss of data including personal information caused due to events beyond our control due to technical reasons or third-party actions.
The disclaimers, waivers, releases, limitations and exclusions under these terms will apply regardless of whether the cause of action or the liability arises in laws, contract, tort or otherwise.
Disclaimers
THE PROGRAM AND SERVICES, ARE PROVIDED "AS-IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING OR ANY OTHER TERMS OR AGREEMENTS YOU HAVE WITH US, WE EXPLICITLY DISCLAIM ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE OR THE DIETICIAN SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF THE COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.Â We make no warranty that the Program and the Services will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis.
This means that while the Program intends to help you pursue nutritional goals for your childâ€™s optimum health and growth, we only strive to make you achieve your goal and do not guarantee it. We make no endorsement, representation, or warranty of any kind about any information on the Program, whether provided to you by a Dietician or any content available through the Program. We are not responsible for the accuracy, reliability, availability, effectiveness, or correct use of information you receive via the Program and we are not responsible for any health problems that may result from your reliance on advice from our Dieticians. If you engage your child in any health, fitness, or wellness program or activities that you learn about through our Program, you agree that you do so voluntarily with your free consent and at your own risk. The User expressly understands and agrees that we disclaim any and/ or all liability with respect to any claim, suit or action brought by you in respect of availing/provision of the Services offered by the Dietician on the Program or in connection with payment for the Services availed though the Program and you agree to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless in connection with any such claim.
WE CANNOT BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY DEFICIENCY IN SERVICES AS OUR SERVICES ARE PROVIDED SOLELY ON THE DATA AND INFORMATION RECEIVED FROM YOU AND SUCH MIGHT CHANGE WITH THE GROWING AGE OF THE CHILDREN.
Feedback
By using this Program, you agree that any information shared by you with us or with the Dieticians will be subject to our Privacy Policy. All feedback, ratings, reviews ("Feedback") created by you on the Website relating to the Dieticians or the Services provided shall be your sole responsibility. As a platform, we do not take responsibility or liability for Feedback and its role with respect to Feedback is restricted to that of an "intermediary" under the Information Technology Act, 2000. Our role, legal rights and obligations and your publication of the Feedback shall be governed by the terms of "Prohibitions" Clause.
You are allowed to provide feedback about your experiences with the Dieticians, however, you shall ensure that, the same is provided in accordance with laws applicable. You are solely responsible for the content of the Feedback and we shall not be liable to pay any consideration to you for re-publishing any content across any of its platforms. You understand that, we shall not be obliged to act in such manner as may be required to give effect to the content of the Feedback, such as suggestions for delisting of a particular Dietician from the Program.
You agree that we may contact you through [telephone, email, SMS, or any other electronic means of communication]for the purpose of obtaining feedback in relation to Program, Services and/or to resolve any complaints, information, or queries regarding your Feedback.
Other Terms
Reviews, Feedback, Submissions
All discussions , ratings, comments, bulletin board service, chat rooms, Parenting service and/or other message or communication facilities  means Material (including without limitation text, images, audio material, video material and audio-visual material) that you submit to this Website, for whatever purpose. End User acknowledges that any Material posted on the Website is public and not private communication.FirstCry.com does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Material, and, therefore, FirstCry.com specifically disclaims any liability concerning the Material and any actions resulting from End Users participation in any Material, including any objectionable content. Generally, any communication which End User posts to FirstCry.com (whether in Parenting, chat rooms, discussion groups, message boards, or otherwise) is considered to be non-confidential and you grant to Firstcry.com a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your user content in any existing or future media. You also grant to Firstcry.com the right to sub-license these rights, and the right to bring an action for infringement of these rights. If particular web pages permit the submission of communications that will be treated by FirstCry.com as confidential, that fact will be stated on those pages. Notwithstanding Firstcry.com's rights under these terms and conditions in relation to user content, Firstcry.com does not undertake to monitor and is not responsible of the submission of such content to, or the publication of such content on, this website.
Copyright & Trademark
Everything located on or in this Site, including the Microsites, is our exclusive property and can be used with express permission of the copyright and/or trademark owner. ANY COPYING, DISTRIBUTING, TRANSMITTING, POSTING, LINKING, DEEP LINKING, OR OTHERWISE MODIFYING OF THIS SITE OR ANY OF THE MICROSITES WITHOUT OUR EXPRESS WRITTEN PERMISSION OF FirstCry.com IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED. Any violation of this policy may result in a copyright, trademark or other intellectual property right infringement that may subject End User to civil and / or criminal penalties.
This Site and Microsites contains copyrighted material, trademarks and other proprietary information, including, but not limited to, text, software, photos, video, graphics, music, sound, and the entire contents of website protected by copyright. We own a copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of such content, as well as in the content original to it. End User may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit, any of the content, in whole or in part. End User may download / print / save copyrighted material for End User's personal use only. Except as otherwise expressly stated under copyright law, no copying, redistribution, retransmission, publication or commercial exploitation of downloaded material without our express permission of FirstCry.com and the copyright owner is permitted. If copying, redistribution or publication of copyrighted material is permitted, no changes in or deletion of author attribution, trademark legend or copyright notice shall be made. End User acknowledges that he/she/it does not acquire any ownership rights by downloading copyrighted material. Trademarks that are located within or on the Site or a Web site otherwise owned or operated in conjunction with FirstCry.com shall not be deemed to be in the public domain but rather the exclusive property of owners, unless such site is under license from the Trademark owner thereof in which case such license is for the exclusive benefit and use of FirstCry.com, unless otherwise stated.
End User shall not upload, post or otherwise make available on this Site any material protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right without the express permission of the owner of the copyright, trademark or other proprietary right. We do not have any express burden or responsibility to provide End User with indications, markings or anything else that may aid End User in determining whether the material in question is copyrighted or trademarked. End User shall be solely liable for any damage resulting from any infringement of copyrights, trademarks, proprietary rights or any other harm resulting from such a submission. By submitting material to any public area of this Site, End User warrants that the owner of such material has expressly granted us the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate and distribute such material (in whole or in part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media or technology now known or hereafter developed for the full term of any copyright that may exist in such material. End User also permits any other end user to access, view, store or reproduce the material for that end user's personal use. End User hereby grants us the right to edit, copy, publish and distribute any material made available on this Site by End User. We hereby reserves the right to terminate its agreement with any End User who repeatedly infringes on copyright rights upon notification to us by the copyright owner.
The foregoing provisions of this clause apply equally to and are for the benefit of FirstCry.com, its subsidiaries, affiliates and its third party content providers and licensors and each shall have the right to assert and enforce such provisions directly or on its own behalf.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless BB & DARP, its employees, directors, officers, agents and their successors and assigns from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including attorney's fees, caused by or arising out of claims based upon your actions or inactions, which may result in any loss or liability to us or any third party including but not limited to breach of any warranties, representations or undertakings or in relation to the non-fulfillment of any of your obligations under this User Agreement or arising out of the your violation of any applicable laws, regulations including but not limited to Intellectual Property Rights, payment of statutory dues and taxes, claim of libel, defamation, violation of rights of privacy or publicity, loss of service by other subscribers and infringement of intellectual property or other rights. This clause shall survive the expiry or termination of this User Agreement.
Termination
We may terminate this Agreement at any time. Without limiting the foregoing, we shall have the right to terminate any passwords or accounts of End User in the event of any conduct by End User which we, in our sole discretion, consider to be unacceptable, or in the event of any breach by End User of this Agreement. Our right to any Comments shall survive any termination of this User Agreement. Any such termination of the User Agreement shall not cancel your obligation to pay for the product already ordered from the Site or affect any liability that may have arisen under the User Agreement.
Limitation of Liability and Disclaimers
The Site is provided without any warranties or guarantees and in an "As Is" condition. You must bear the risks associated with the use of the Site.
The Site provides content from other Internet sites or resources and while we try to ensure that material included on the website is correct, reputable and of high quality, it cannot accept responsibility if this is not the case. We will not be responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of such information or for any technical problems you may experience with the Site.
This disclaimer does not apply to any product warranty offered by the manufacturer of the product as specified in the product specifications. This disclaimer constitutes an essential part of this User Agreement. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, we or our suppliers shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses arising out of or in connection with the Site, its services or this User Agreement.
The Parenting contains general information and discussion about medicine, health and related subjects. The information and views provided herein should not be treated as medical advice. The information on the Parenting is provided without any representations or warranties, express or implied. You must not rely on the information on the Parenting as an alternative to medical advice from your doctor or other professional healthcare provider. If you have any specific questions about any medical matter, you should consult your doctor or other professional healthcare provider. The Parenting includes interactive features that allow users to communicate with us. You acknowledge that because of the limited nature of communication through the Parenting's interactive features, any assistance you may receive using any such features is likely to be incomplete or not appropriate for your condition. As health and nutrition research continuously evolves, we do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of any information presented on the Parenting.
Without prejudice to the generality of the section above, the total liability of FirstCry.com to you for all liabilities arising out of this User Agreement be it in tort or contract is limited to the value of the product ordered by you. BB or DARP, their associates and technology partners make no representations or warranties about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, currentness and/or timeliness of any content, information, software, text, graphics, links or communications provided on or through the use of the Site or that the operation of the Site will be error free and/or uninterrupted. Consequently, we assume no liability whatsoever for any monetary or other damage suffered by you on account of the delay, failure, interruption, or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with use of the Site; and/or any interruption or errors in the operation of the Site. You accept that, as a limited liability entity, Firstcry.com has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees. You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against Firstcry.com officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website.
Site Security
You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Site, including, without limitation, (a) accessing data not intended for you or logging onto a server or an account which you are not authorized to access; (b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (c) attempting to interfere with service to any other user, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the Site, overloading, "flooding," "spamming," "mail bombing" or "crashing;" (d) sending unsolicited email, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services; or (e) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. FirstCry.com will investigate occurrences that may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations. You agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this Site or any activity being conducted on this Site. You agree, further, not to use or attempt to use any engine, software, tool, agent or other device or mechanism (including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search this Site other than the search engine and search agents available from FirstCry.com on this Site and other than generally available third party web browsers (e.g., Netscape Navigator, Microsoft Explorer).
Suspicious Communication through phone calls, e- mails or messages
Firstcry does not run any contests that require you to pay to participate by paying through a link which is not connected to our Website or App or by giving your bank details for any lottery or cash transaction. Please do not believe any communication using Firstcry logo and branding requesting you to pay money in exchange for any gifts or prizes. Such fake communication could look like real emails from Firstcry and could direct you to a false website that looks like the
FirstCry Website
. Please do not provide your account information and password or any sensitive information as it could be used to commit fraud.
Do not open any attachments or click any links from suspicious emails or text messages.
Further, Firstcry will never e- mail or call you to disclose or verify your password, credit card or bank-account number, CVV, or any other personal information. If you get any such calls from a caller stating to be from Firstcry, please be alert when responding to such calls and never reveal sensitive information or details that can identify you. If you have ever responded to a suspicious call, e- mail or message and provided any personal or sensitive information, we urge you to immediately update your Firstcry password immediately and report such calls to the nearest police station. If you have provided financial information, you may want to contact your bank or credit card provider.
Note: Should you have any doubts regarding such suspicious communication,
Contact us
so we can help you. Always use customer care numbers displayed on our
Website
and do not access unknown links or websites for our customer care details.
MISCELLANEOUS
1. Force Majeure:
Without prejudice to any other provision herein, we will not be liable for any loss, damage or penalty as a result of any delay in or failure to deliver or otherwise perform hereunder due to any cause beyond the our control, including, without limitation, acts of the End User, embargo or other governmental act, regulation or request affecting the conduct of FirstCry.com 's business, fire, explosion, accident, theft, vandalism, riot, acts of war, strikes or other labor difficulties, lightning, flood, windstorm or other acts of God.
2. Entire Agreement:
This Agreement and any operating rules for the Website established by FirstCry.com constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.
3. Waiver:
No waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder is a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default. The failure of either party to exercise any of its rights under this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver or forfeiture of such rights or any other rights provided hereunder.
4. Headings:
The section headings used herein are for convenience only and shall be of no legal force or effect.
5. Severability:
If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity shall not affect the enforceability of any other provisions contained in this Agreement and the remaining portions of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
6. Governing Law:
This Agreement will be governed by laws of India, subject to the Courts in Pune, without reference to conflict of laws principles, if any.
7. Payment Decline:
We as a merchant shall be under no liability whatsoever in respect of any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly out of the decline of authorization for any Transaction, on Account of the Cardholder having exceeded the preset limit mutually agreed by us with our acquiring bank from time to time.
Cancellation Policy
Click here
to view cancellation policy
FirstCry Account Deletion
In the event of account deletion through an iOS device while a Club membership, Intellikit, or Fitjunior subscription is active, the subscriptions will be deactivated or deleted along with the account. The Club membership is non-transferable and cannot be merged with another account and all subscriptions will expire and become void, meaning that the user will not be able to benefit from any digital or physical subscription perks. The subscriptions will not be eligible for return/replacement/refund under any circumstances.
The User will lose access to all information related to such account, including but not limited to, your profile photo & info, reviews, shortlist, Q&A, orders, returns, warranty, bank transfer, Saved credit cards, Addresses, Cash refund, Club cash, gift certificates, FPL Points/Rewards, badges, ranks, vouchers, prizes, and Data shared on parenting platform like profile(s), memories (photos/videos) uploaded, questions asked or answered, your child’s birth and growth details, charts, and trackers created, quiz/contest entries, etc.
User wallet credits and Gift certificate balance will be removed. The user won't be able to use them once the account is deactivated / deleted. It is advisable to user to transfer the wallet amount using this link -
Refund amount back to me
to their bank account before proceeding with deletion of their account on the Firstcry platform.
Once the user has deleted their account from Firstcry & wish to register again –The user will be treated as a new customer with no historical data from the previous account.
DARP reserves the right to retain relevant data for compliance purposes or to satisfy legal obligations including but not limited to order history, transaction details, delivery invoice, etc.
QWIK Delivery Service Terms & Conditions
1. Introduction to QWIK Delivery
The QWIK Delivery service ("QWIK") is an expedited shipping option offered by DIGITAL AGE RETAIL PRIVATE LIMITED (“FirstCry” We”/ “Us”/ “Our) a company incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956, and is presently governed by the Companies Act, 2013, having its registered office Rajashree Business Park, 3rd Floor, Survey No. 338 Next to Sohrabh Hall, Tadiwala Road, Pune, Maharashtra, India, 411001 for eligible orders and locations.
. Best-Effort Service:
QWIK Delivery is a priority-based, best-effort shipping option intended to facilitate faster processing and dispatch as compared to standard delivery and does not constitute a time-bound or guaranteed delivery service.
. Eligibility:
QWIK Delivery is only available for selected products and Pin Codes. Its availability will be determined at the time of checkout based on the contents of your cart and the specified delivery address. FirstCry reserves the sole discretion to determine, modify, or withdraw eligibility for QWIK Delivery for any product, order, or Pin Code at any time.
. Identification:
Eligible orders and delivery options will be prominently identified by the
"QWIK" tag
displayed within the delivery unit during the checkout process.
2. Delivery Time Assurance (Turnaround Time - TAT)
. Estimated TAT:
Alongside the "QWIK" tag, we will provide an
Estimated Delivery Time (TAT)
for delivery (e.g., "within X hours," "Tomorrow," or a specific delivery date). This TAT is a
good-faith estimate based
on current logistics capabilities and operational conditions at the time of order placement.
. The Estimated TAT is displayed for indicative and informational purposes only, based on system-generated logistics inputs available at the time of checkout, and shall not be construed as a contractual commitment or service guarantee.
. Estimate Nature:
Users acknowledge and agree that the TAT provided is an
estimation only
and not a guaranteed delivery commitment. It serves to inform the user of the expected service level under normal circumstances.
3. Delays and Limitation of Liability
3.1 Estimated Turnaround Time (TAT)
The Estimated TAT provided for QWIK Delivery is an estimate only and does not constitute a guarantee of delivery within that specific time window. The actual delivery time may vary due to various factors (e.g. inventory availability, order processing timelines, warehouse operations, carrier capacity, etc.).
3.2 Limitation of Liability for Delays
FirstCry shall not be held liable for any delay in the delivery of your order under the QWIK service that results from circumstances beyond its reasonable control.
. Unavoidable Logistics Challenges:
The user acknowledges that delivery delays may occur due to factors beyond FirstCry’s reasonable control, including third-party logistics constraints or external disruptions and other factors for which FirstCry shall not be liable and would request its users to cooperate as FirstCry continuously tries to overcome such instances.
. Force Majeure Events:
Such events must be unforeseeable, unavoidable, and beyond the reasonable control of FirstCry and shall be interpreted in accordance with applicable law. Such events include, but are not limited to, severe weather, natural disasters, governmental actions, transport network disruptions, and unforeseen operational bottlenecks.
.
Except as expressly required under applicable law, delays attributable to circumstances beyond FirstCry’s reasonable control shall not entitle the user to a refund of the QWIK Delivery fee or any claim for consequential or indirect damages.
. User-Caused Delays:
FirstCry shall not be responsible for delays caused by inaccurate or incomplete delivery information, customer unavailability, refusal of delivery, access restrictions at the delivery location, or any act or omission attributable to the user.
4. Order Cut-off Times and Fulfillment
. Cut-off Time Impact:
Orders must be placed before a specified daily "cut-off time" to be eligible for the QWIK Estimated TAT. Orders placed after the cut-off time may have their estimated delivery period calculated from the start of the next business day. The relevant cut-off time is dynamically applied and reflected in the displayed TAT at checkout. The applicable cut-off time and corresponding Estimated TAT displayed at the time of checkout shall be the basis for calculating delivery timelines for the relevant order.
. Fulfillment Process:
QWIK Delivery relies on a faster order processing and shipping schedule. Users understand that this service may involve specific constraints, and any changes to the delivery address or order content after checkout may result in the order being ineligible for QWIK and the delivery timeline reverting to standard shipping TAT. In the event an order becomes ineligible for QWIK Delivery post-checkout due to modifications or operational constraints, the order shall be fulfilled under standard delivery timelines without any additional liability on FirstCry.
5. Right to Change/Discontinue Service
FirstCry reserves the right to modify, suspend, or discontinue the QWIK Delivery service (or any part thereof) at any time, with or without notice, including changing the eligibility criteria, the Estimated TAT displayed, or the applicable shipping charges. Any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the QWIK Delivery service shall not adversely affect orders already confirmed prior to such change, except where required due to regulatory or force majeure circumstances.
6. No Time-Critical Reliance
QWIK Delivery is not intended for time-critical, emergency, or mission-essential deliveries, and users are advised not to rely on the Estimated TAT for such purposes.
7. GOVERNING TERMS
These QWIK Delivery Terms shall be read in conjunction with FirstCry’s general Terms of Use and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with applicable Indian laws.
In the event of any inconsistency or conflict between these QWIK Delivery Terms and FirstCry’s general Terms of Use or any other policy, the provisions of these QWIK Delivery Terms shall prevail
solely to the extent of such inconsistency.
Grievance Functionary
Please go to
Contact us
to raise/report issues around order, delivery, return, refund etc.
Grievance officer
In accordance with Information Technology Act 2000 and rules made there under, the name and contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below:
Sumeet D Upadhayay
Digital Age Retail Private Limited
Rajashree Business Park, 3rd Floor,
Survey No. 338 Next to Sohrabh Hall,
Tadiwala Road Pune - 411001, Maharashtra
Email: grievance@firstcry.com
Phone: +91-135-6617000
CATEGORIES
Clothing
                  & Fashion
Toys
Books
                  & CDs
School
                  Supplies
Birthday
                  Party Supplies
Baby
                  Diapering
Feeding
                  & Nursing
Bath
                  & Skin Care
Health
                  & Safety
Baby
                  Gear
Nursery
Moms
                  & Maternity
Gifts
Preschool Admissions
COMPANY INFO
Contact
                Us
Brands
F.A.Q.s
FirstCry Stores & Playschool
FIRSTCRY PARENTING
Getting Pregnant
Pregnancy
Baby
Toddler
Preschooler
Big Kid
Vaccination
Growth Tracker
Baby Names
FirstCry Parenting YouTube
Coloring Pages
REGIONAL PARENTING
FirstCry Hindi Parenting
FirstCry Marathi Parenting
FirstCry Bangla Parenting
FirstCry Arabia Parenting
FirstCry UAE Parenting
OUR OTHER WEBSITES
GlobalBees Shopping
SHIPPING & POLICIES
Payments
Shipping Policy
Return & Replacement Policy
Cancellation Policy
Terms
                of Use
Privacy
                Policy
Next day & Same day delivery
Responsible Disclosure
PAYMENT METHOD
Credit Cards
Net Banking
ATM & Debit Cards
COD(Cash
on Delivery)
Easy EMI
EMI available on HDFC, CITI, ICICI, AXIS, HSBC, KOTAK, SBI, CBI & IndusInd Bank Cards with options to pay in 3,6,9 or 12 month plans.
CONNECT WITH US
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
Youtube
Linkedin
Testimonials
SITEMAP
CLUB CASH
OUR APPS
FirstCry India: Shopping & Parenting
FirstCry India: Shopping & Parenting iOS
Learning & Education
Intelli Eduction
Intellitots Preschool
Baby Brain Toys
Intelliskill Books
Intelliskill Toys
Worksheets
EduMAg
SHOP INTERNATIONAL
FirstCry UAE
FirstCry KSA
FirstCry KSA (English)
FirstCry Arabia: Shopping & Parenting
FirstCry Arabia: Shopping & Parenting iOS
KIDS LEARNING & EDUCATIONAL APPS
PlayBees: Kids Learning & Education App
PlayBees: 123 Kids Numbers App
PlayBees: ABC for Kids
CAREER AT FIRSTCRY.COM
Current Openings at FirstCry.com
BECOME OUR
FRANCHISE STORE
Extended Menu
© 2010-2026 
        www.FirstCry.com. All rights reserved. This website can be best viewed in a resolution width of 1024 and above.
TOP
Shortlist
Compare, consider and buy products you saved
Recently
            Viewed
Keep track of products you were viewing
Quick Re-Order
Quickest way to find and re-order the products
                you love!
Track Order
Become a Franchisee
Preschool Admissions
Start Shopping
Select All
Please select products to add to cart
Add to cart
Please select products to remove from
                  shortlist
remove
View All
@*Looks Like you have not
            bought anything from us yet.
Shop from our amazing product
            range and benefit from our great offers and discounts!*@
Start Shopping
Select All
Please select products to add to cart
Add to cart
Please select products to remove
remove
Start Shopping
Select All
Please select products to add to cart
Add
                to cart
View All
Please enter your Order Number below.
To
            check your order number you can either check your Order
            Confirmation email or login to your account and check your order
            history.
Select Order Number*
Track Order
To get in touch with our customer care team regarding any queries or assistance, click
here
5
Offer : Coupon Code
To share this Offer, Click here and login
Terms & Conditions
Coupon Code saved to the clipboard and cart!
Invalid Coupon Code
The Offer/Coupon you are looking for is no longer available on site. Please browse though categories through navigation provided on the page to find other offers & products
Coupon Code Expired
"Oops! This offer is no longer valid"
Kindly
Click here
to view more offers.