Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Download PDF
Archive
INTRODUCTORY
PROVISIONS
Identification of the parties.
These terms of
use (“
Terms of Use
”) govern the mutual rights and
obligations between Livesport s.r.o., with its registered office at
Bucharova 2928/14a, Stodůlky, 158 00 Prague 5, Aspira Business Centre,
ID 274 33 722, registered in the Commercial Register maintained by the
Municipal Court in Prague, file no. C113331, Czech Republic
(“
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”)
and third party individuals (“
User
”,
“
you
” or “
your
”) when using our
website (the “
Site
”).
Applicability of Terms of Use.
If you are a
non-registered User of the Site, only the provisions on the nature and
use of the Site, in particular clauses 1, 2 and 10 of these Terms of
Use, shall apply to you. For registered Users, these Terms of Use shall
apply in full, and we encourage you to familiarize yourself with them,
particularly clauses 3 to 12 thereof, which constitute the service
contract between the registered User and us.
Site content
Nature of the service.
The Site contains
up-to-date information on sporting events, in particular real-time
sporting results, final results, fixtures, line-ups and other sporting
statistics and sporting content. Results and other statistical
information displayed on the Site are based on information provided by
other independent sources (from third parties), internal efforts or
other official applications. Whilst we make every effort to regularly
update the content and check the results or other information displayed
on the Site, we do not make any promises or grant any warranties about
the Site, and we encourage you to thoroughly check the information
collected on the Site with original and other sources as well. The use
of and reliance on the results and other information displayed on the
Site is your sole responsibility. Depending on the region, language or
other circumstances affecting the target market and audience of the
Site, the Site may also feature sports coverage consisting of our
content or content from third parties.
Use of the Site at your own risk.
We are
providing the Site, and all the communication and information stored and
presented therein, with reasonable skill and care, and substantially in
the manner described in these Terms of Use. However, your access to the
Site, use of the Site, downloading of any software relating to the Site,
and use of any information we may provide in connection with the Site,
is at your sole option, discretion, risk, and for your personal use
only. You may not use the Site for any commercial purpose.
Registration and Paid Content.
We require
registration in order to access certain parts or functions of the Site
(Article 3 of the Terms of Use). Registration may be conditional upon
you reaching a certain age. Without registration, you may not be able to
view all content and the functionality of the Site may be limited.
Furthermore, the availability of certain features or content may be
subject to payment of a fee.
Third party content.
The site contains
third-party content obtained from external applications and resources
that we are not responsible for. All third-party content available via
the Site is not hosted on our servers and is not created or uploaded by
us to the hosting server, where such content is located. Third party
content is usually marked with an appropriate logo, icon or other
third-party identifier. We expressly exclude any liability in connection
with such content, its availability or the information contained
therein.
Display of advertising.
You agree that
advertising, including third party advertising, may be displayed on the
service.
Relationship to gambling.
Use of the Site is
entirely at your own risk. The Site is not a gaming or gambling
application. We do not provide games or gambling; therefore, we do not
hold or control your financial or other resources and do not participate
in any gambling transactions. The betting odds displayed on the Site are
presented for news purposes. No communication or information published
on the Site constitutes a recommendation to participate in a game or to
place a bet, nor does it constitute legal, tax or other similar advice
in connection with gaming or gambling.
Local law.
You are advised to comply with the
applicable laws of the country in which you are temporarily or
permanently resident, present and/or a citizen of.
Content rights.
Texts, photographs, graphic
works and other elements contained in the Site may be protected by
copyright individually and/or as a whole (collectively, the
"
Copyright Works
"). Unless otherwise agreed in writing
with us or with the owners of the Copyright Works, if it is a
third-party content, fair use of Copyright Works may only occur to the
extent and in the manner provided for by the applicable law. In
particular, the use of Copyright Works in the form of reproduction
(copying) for direct or indirect economic gain, as well as their use in
the form of distribution, rental, display or communication to the public
(including communication to the public via the internet) is not
permitted without our explicit consent.
Database protection.
The contents of the
database contained in the Site ("
Database Content
") are
protected by a special right of the database provider. Unless otherwise
agreed in writing with us, Database Content may only be lawfully used to
the extent and in the manner provided by the applicable law. In
particular, no extraction (copying) or utilization (making available to
the public) of Database Content or of a qualitatively or quantitatively
substantial part thereof is permitted without our explicit
consent.
Unauthorized interference.
You must not use any
mechanism, tool, software or procedure that has or could adversely
affect the operation of our facilities, the security of the Internet or
other Internet users. You may not burden our server on which the Site is
hosted with automated requests, nor may you assist any third party in
such activity. You may not modify, disassemble, decompile or reverse
engineer the website in any way, unless otherwise provided for by
generally binding legal regulations. Furthermore, you are not permitted
to use the content of the website by embedding, aggregating, scraping or
recreating it without our express consent, unless otherwise provided for
by generally binding legal regulations.
Copyright and trademark infringement.
Your
infringement of copyright, trademark rights or infringement of the
special rights of the database provider may result in civil,
administrative, or criminal liability.
Conclusion of a service contract
Proposal submission.
You may make a proposal to
enter into a service contract by clicking on the "Continue via email"
button, completing and submitting the information in the registration
form located on the Site (the "
Registration Request
").
You warrant that the information provided in the Registration Request
form is correct for the purposes of these Terms of Use.
Proposal acceptance.
Upon receipt of a
Registration Request, we will send to the e-mail address provided in the
Registration Request ("
User's Address
") the information
necessary to make the User's account operational or to allow you to use
the service ("
Acceptance
"). Upon delivery of Acceptance
to you, the service contract is concluded.
Use of third-party registration.
If you use an
existing registration with a third party (for example, a social network
registration), you may send us a proposal to conclude a service contract
by clicking on the relevant button with the logo, trademark or service
name of the third party. Following the delivery of the proposal for the
conclusion of a service contract according to the previous sentence to
us, you will be allowed to use the service. By allowing you to use the
service, the service contract is concluded.
Consent to the provision of the service.
You
agree that we may commence the provision of the service pursuant to the
service contract immediately upon its conclusion, even before the
expiration of the statutory period for withdrawal from the service
contract.
Costs of means of communication.
You agree to
the use of remote means of communication when entering into the service
contract. Costs incurred by you in using a means of distance
communication in connection with the conclusion of a service contract
(e.g. internet connection costs) shall be borne by you and shall not
differ from the basic rate for the use of the means of
communication.
Content of the service contract
Subject matter of the contract.
Under the
service contract, we will allow you to use the service through the Site,
including the content and features that are subject to registration. In
addition, the availability of certain features or content may be subject
to payment of a fee, attainment of a certain age, a stable internet
connection, or the version of your device's operating system that we
support.
Contents of the contract.
The Terms of Use form
an integral part of the service contract.
Contract language.
The service contract is
concluded in the English language.
USER’S ACCOUNT
Account protection.
Access to User account is
secured by a username and password. You agree that your login data may
also be used for logging in to other websites operated by us or by any
other person connected with us. You are obliged to maintain
confidentiality regarding the information necessary to access your User
account and acknowledge that we are not liable for any breach of this
obligation by you.
Reservation of rights.
We may prevent you from
using your User's account, in particular if you breach your obligations
under the service contract (including these Terms of Use).
TERMS OF
SERVICE
Inability to provide the service.
We may not
provide the service if this is prevented by difficulties on your or any
other person’s part. In particular, we will not provide the service in
the event of power outages, data network outages, other failures caused
by third parties or acts of God.
Service outages.
Service outages, temporary
limitations, interruptions, or degradation of service may occur during
the provision of the service. Information stored by you within the
service may not be backed up by us, may be corrupted or otherwise
degraded.
Quality of service limitation.
To the extent
permitted by law, we shall not be liable for (i) any malfunctions of the
computer programs relating to the Site we make available, (ii) bugs or
viruses resulting in lost data, (iii) any other damage to your computer
equipment, mobile phone or mobile device, or software, (iv) errors
(including errors in inputs, presented data and results), and (v) any
attempts by you to use the Site by methods, means or ways not intended
by us. We reserve the right to suspend, modify, remove and/or add to the
Site in our sole discretion and to the extent permitted by law, as well
as the right to suspend your use of our Site from time to time. We will
not be liable for any such action.
Errors.
You agree to inform us as soon as you
become aware of any errors with respect to your account in the Site or
any information presented in the Site (including, but not limited to any
miscalculation, misrepresentation, incorrect charges, fees, rake,
bonuses or payout, or any currency conversion as applicable).
Liability limitation.
We (including our
officers, directors, agents and employees) and our affiliates will not
be liable to you in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise
for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, punitive
or exemplary damages, including but not limited to loss of data,
profits, revenue, business, opportunity, goodwill, reputation or
business interruption or for any losses which are not currently
foreseeable by us arising out of the service contract or your use of the
Site.
Indemnification.
The information on the Site is
provided as is, and you agree to indemnify us from any liability in
respect of the Site and the information on this Site. Notwithstanding
the provisions of clause 6.5 above, our liability is limited to the
maximum extent permitted under applicable law.
Use of the service
Personalization of content.
You are entitled to
personalize the content of the service to your own preferences, but only
within the settings offered by the service itself.
Unsolicited promotions.
Considering the
requirements of the data protection, information and cybersecurity and
avoidance of fraud, you are expressly prohibited from posting any
information or contacting our customers to offer or promote any offers,
products or facilities in the Site.
Anti-fraud and anti-harassment policy.
We have a
zero-tolerance policy towards inappropriate and fraudulent activity
within the Site. If, in our sole determination, you are found to have
attempted to defraud us and/or any other user of the Site in any way, we
reserve the right to suspend and/or close your account and/or prohibit
you from accessing the Site for a set or an indefinite period of time.
We will not be liable for any such action to the extent allowed by
applicable law.
Other rights and duties of the parties
Handling of complaints.
Consumer complaints are
handled by us via an electronic address at the contact address (see
clause 12.6). We will send information on the handling of your complaint
to User's address.
Out-of-court resolution of consumer disputes.
A
body competent for the out-of-court resolution of consumer disputes
arising from the service contract can be found
at https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/main/?event=main.adr.show2. The
online dispute resolution platform located at
http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr can be used to resolve disputes
between you and us under the service contract.
Consumer contact point.
A point of contact under
Regulation (EU) No 524/2013 of the European Parliament and of the
Council of 21 May 2013 on online dispute resolution for consumer
disputes and amending Regulation (EC) No 2006/2004 and Directive
2009/22/EC (Regulation on online dispute resolution for consumer
disputes) can be found at
https://ec.europa.eu/info/live-work-travel-eu/consumer-rights-and-complaints/resolve-your-consumer-complaint/european-consumer-centres-network-ecc-net_en.
Authorization to do business.
We are authorized
to do business under the Czech trade license. Control over our
activities shall be exercised by the competent Czech authorities within
their remit. Supervision over the area of personal data protection is
exercised by the supervisory authority in the EU member state of your
habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged
infringement.
Defects complaints.
The rights and duties of the
parties with respect to our liability for defects in the services shall
be governed by the relevant generally applicable law. You may exercise
your rights arising from our liability for defects in the services by
contacting us at our registered office or by e-mail at the contact
address (see clause 12.6).
Communication between the parties.
Unless
otherwise agreed, all correspondence related to the service contract
shall be delivered to the other party in text form by electronic mail.
Service on you shall also be made by electronic mail to User's
Address.
Data protection
Information on the processing of personal data.
We fulfil our information obligation within the meaning of article 13 of
Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the
protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal
data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive
95/46/EC (“
Gdpr
”) by means of a special document
designated as ‘Information on the Processing of Personal Data’
(“
Privacy Notice
”).
These Terms of Use shall be read and construed alongside our
Privacy Notice, accessible
here
.
Cookies
Cookie consent tool.
Obtaining your consent and
providing you with information related to the use of cookies within the
Site are fulfilled through a special tool operated by a third
party.
Duration of the service contract
Withdrawal from the contract.
Unless it is a
case where the contract cannot be withdrawn, you, being a consumer, are
entitled to withdraw from the service contract within fourteen (14) days
of its conclusion. For such withdrawal, you may use the model form
provided by us.
Effectiveness of the contract.
The service
contract shall become effective upon execution. The service contract is
concluded for an indefinite period of time.
Termination of the contract.
You may terminate
the service contract at any time by
de facto
deleting the
User's account. You may also terminate the service contract by
requesting us to delete your personal data in accordance with the
GDPR.
Termination of the contract by us.
In the event
that you breach any of your obligations under the service contract
(including these Terms of Use) or under generally binding legal
regulations or in other cases, we may terminate the service contract.
Termination of the service contract pursuant to this clause shall be
effective upon delivery by electronic mail to User's Address. Unless
otherwise agreed, the service contract shall terminate as soon as such
termination takes effect.
Final provisions
Governing law.
The relationship created by the
service contract shall be governed by the laws of the Czech Republic.
The choice of law under the preceding sentence does not deprive you of
the protection afforded by the provisions of the legal order which
cannot be derogated from by contract, and which would otherwise apply in
the absence of a choice of law under the provisions of article 6(1) of
Regulation (EC) No 593/2008 of the European Parliament and of the
Council of 17 June 2008 on the law applicable to contractual obligations
(Rome I).
Jurisdiction of courts.
We have agreed to the
jurisdiction and venue of the courts of the Czech Republic.
Unilateral change of Terms of Use.
We may
unilaterally amend these Terms of Use to the extent permitted by
applicable legislation and where we deem such changes to be based on
valid and justified reasons. You shall be notified of the amendment by
an e-mail delivered to the User’s Address or by dialog box on the Site.
The amended Terms of Use shall become effective at a date stated in the
e-mail or the dialog box on the Site, but in no case sooner than thirty
(30) days following the day you were notified of such amendment. You may
refuse the amended Terms of Use before they become effective and, in
such case, terminate the service contract. This is without prejudice to
the provisions of clause 12.4 of these Terms of Use.
Consent to change of Terms of Use.
By agreeing
to the new version of the Terms of Use, the previous Terms of Use shall
cease to be effective, and the new version of the Terms of Use shall
become an integral part of the service contract. Without prejudice to
Article 12.3 of the Terms and Use, changes to the Terms and Use may also
be made by your express confirmation (consent). By giving your express
consent to the new version of the Terms and Use, the new version becomes
an integral part of the service contract from the applicable date. This
explicit consent can be given via a dialog box on the Site or in any
other appropriate way.
Accessibility of the contract.
The service
contract, including the Terms of Use, are archived by us in electronic
form and are not publicly accessible.
Our contacts.
Our contact details are as
follows: delivery address Livesport s.r.o., Bucharova 2928/14a,
Stodůlky, 158 00 Prague 5, Aspira Business Centre, Czech Republic,
e-mail address info@livesport.eu.
Assignment of Contract.
You agree that we may
assign the rights and obligations under the service contract, in whole
or in part, to any third party.
In Prague on 1. 4. 2023
Livesport s.r.o.
Signed by Livesport.s.r.o.
2023-04-01 12:00:00
Annex No. 1 to the Terms of Use - Consumer Withdrawal
Form
Please complete this form and return it to us within the statutory
time limit if you wish to withdraw from the contract.
Addressee (operator):
Livesport s.r.o.
with its registered office at Bucharova 2928/14a, Stodůlky, 158 00
Prague 5, Aspira Business Centre, Czech Republic
You hereby withdraw from the service contract concluded on:
Your given and family name:
Your residence:
Your registration email:
Date:
Your signature: (if this form is sent in paper form)
Show more
21+ | COMPETENT REGULATOR EEEP | RISK OF ADDICTION & LOSS OF PROPERTY | KETHEA HELPLINE: 210 9237777 | PLAY RESPONSIBLY & SAFELY |
Les jeux d’argent et de hasard peuvent être dangereux : pertes d’argent, conflits familiaux, addiction…
Retrouvez nos conseils sur www.joueurs-info-service.fr (09-74-75-13-13, appel non surtaxé)
18+ | Erlaubtes Glücksspiel gemäß der Whitelist | Suchtrisiken | Hilfe unter
buwei.de
18+. Verantwortungsbewusst wetten.
18+ Jogue com responsabilidade
21+ Участь в азартних іграх може викликати ігрову залежність. Дотримуйтеся правил (принципів) відповідальної гри
Do you want to withdraw your consent to display betting ads?
Yes, change settings
FOOTBALL
Football News
Champions League
Europa League
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
NBC Premier League - Ligi Kuu Bara
Ligue Professionnelle 1
TENNIS
Tennis News
ATP Buenos Aires 2026
ATP Dallas
ATP Rotterdam 2026
ATP Rankings
WTA Rankings
Carlos Alcaraz
Jannik Sinner
Iga Swiatek
Aryna Sabalenka
TRENDING
NBA 2026
NHL 2026
FA Cup
EFL Cup
Premier League Darts 2026
Winter Olympics 2026 Milano Cortina
Olympics 2026 Medal Table
Ice Hockey Olympics 2026
Ice Hockey Olympics Women
Olympics 2026 Schedule
FOOTBALL SCORES
Chelsea - Leeds
Tottenham - Newcastle
West Ham - Manchester Utd
Manchester City - Fulham
Sunderland - Liverpool
Brentford - Arsenal
Hull - Chelsea
Manchester City - Salford
Aston Villa - Newcastle
Liverpool - Brighton
LIVE SCORES
Atl. Madrid - Barcelona
Real Madrid - Real Sociedad
Girona - Barcelona
Benfica - Real Madrid
Napoli - Como
Bayern Munich - RB Leipzig
Rennes - PSG
Dortmund - Mainz
Pisa - AC Milan
Werder Bremen - Bayern Munich
Flashscore.com
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Impressum
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
Follow us
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
Mobile applications
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Odds and betting version 25+
Gamble Responsibly.
Gambling Therapy
. 18+
Copyright © 2006-26 Flashscore.com
Set privacy