Florida Dept. of Revenue - 
                                                
        
        conditions
Turn on more accessible mode
Turn off more accessible mode
Home
Child Support
Property Tax
General Tax
Tax Data
Contact
Florida Department of Revenue Test Header
Information for...
Businesses and Employers
Individuals and Families
Industry Professionals
Local Government Officials
Employment Opportunities
Quick Links
About Us
Accessibility
Forms and Publications
Frequently Asked Questions
Fuel Tax Temporary License
Media
Open Government and Public Records Requests
Proposed Rules
Public Meetings
Regulatory Plans
Tax Law Library
Surveys
Taxpayer’s Bill of Rights
Tax Data
Resources
Emergency and Disaster Information
Florida Delinquent Taxpayers
Florida's Taxpayers' Rights Advocate
Report Tax Violations and Rewards Program
Tax Incentives for Businesses
Verifying Department Contact
Florida's Minimum Wage
MyFlorida Agency Directory
Internal Revenue Service
Page Content
Copyright Statement:
Conditions of Use
Please read these terms of use carefully before using  MyFlorida.com.
I.  RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF MATERIALS
MyFlorida.com is owned and operated by THE STATE OF  FLORIDA, DEPARTMENT OF MANAGEMENT SERVICES (referred to as "DMS"  herein). No material from MyFlorida.com or any Web site owned, operated,  licensed or controlled by THE STATE OF FLORIDA or DMS may be copied,  reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any  way. Materials may be downloaded on any single personal computer, for  non-commercial use only providing all copyright and other proprietary notices  are kept intact. Modification of the materials or use of the materials for any  other purpose is a violation of THE STATE OF FLORIDA and DMS's copyright and  other proprietary rights. For purposes of this Agreement, the use of any such  material on any other Web site or networked computer environment is prohibited.  All trademarks, service marks, and trade names are proprietary to THE STATE OF  FLORIDA and DMS.
In the event that you do download software from  MyFlorida.com, the software, including any files, images incorporated in or  generated by the software, and data accompanying the software (collectively,  the "Software") are licensed to you by THE STATE OF FLORIDA and DMS.  THE STATE OF FLORIDA and DMS does not transfer the title to the Software to  you. You do however, own the medium on which the Software is recorded, but THE  STATE OF FLORIDA and DMS retains the full and complete title to the Software,  and all intellectual property rights therein. You may not redistribute, sell,  decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise reduce the Software to a  human-perceivable form.
II.  JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES
Unless otherwise specified, the materials in  MyFlorida.com are presented solely for the purpose of promoting programs,  applications, and other products available in the United States, its  territories, possessions, and protectorates. This site is controlled and  operated by THE STATE OF FLORIDA and DMS from its offices within THE STATE OF  FLORIDA, United States of America. THE STATE OF FLORIDA and DMS makes no  representation that materials presented in MyFlorida.com are appropriate or  available for use in other locations. Those who choose to access this site from  other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for  compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.  Software from this site is further subject to United States export controls. No  software from this site may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported  (1) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya, North Korea,  Iran, Syria, or any other country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods; or (2)  to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated  Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. By  downloading or using the Software, you represent and warrant that you are not  located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country  or on any such list.
III.  TERMINATION
This agreement is effective until terminated by either  party. This agreement may be terminated at any time by destroying all materials  obtained from any and all STATE OF FLORIDA or DMS site(s) and all related  documentation, copies and installations thereof, whether made under the terms  of this agreement or otherwise. This agreement will terminate immediately  without notice from THE STATE OF FLORIDA and DMS if in sole discretion you fail  to comply with any term or provision of this agreement. Upon termination, you  must destroy all materials obtained from this site and any and all other STATE  OF FLORIDA and DMS site(s) and all copies thereof, whether made under the terms  of this agreement or otherwise.
IV.  DISCLAIMER
The materials presented in MyFlorida.com are provided  "as is" and without warranties of any kind either express or implied.  To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, THE STATE OF  FLORIDA and DMS disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but  not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a  particular purpose. THE STATE OF FLORIDA and DMS does not warrant that the  functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free, that  defects will be corrected, or that MyFlorida.com or the server that makes it  available are free of viruses or other harmful components. THE STATE OF FLORIDA  and DMS does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the  results or the use of the materials MyFlorida.com in terms or their  correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. You (and not THE STATE OF  FLORIDA and DMS) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair, or  correction. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties,  so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
V.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to,  negligence, shall THE STATE OF FLORIDA and DMS be liable for any special or  consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the  materials presented on MyFlorida.com. Even if THE STATE OF FLORIDA and DMS or a  STATE OF FLORIDA and DMS authorized representative has been advised of the  possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or  exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above  limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. In no event shall THE STATE OF  FLORIDA and DMS's total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of  action (whether in contract, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence),  or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing this site.
VI.  OTHER
This agreement shall be governed by and construed in  accordance with the laws of THE STATE OF FLORIDA, without giving effect to any  principles of conflicts of law. If any provision of this agreement shall be  unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be  deemed severable from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and  enforceability of any remaining provisions. This is the entire agreement  between the parties relating to the subject matter herein and shall not be  modified except in writing, signed by both parties.
Questions and Answers
|
Accessibility
|
Report Technical Problems
|
Help with Downloading Files
|
Browser Security
|
Privacy Notice
About Us
|
Contact
|
Employment
|
View Full Site
Florida Department of Revenue
5050 West Tennessee Street, Tallahassee, FL 32399