Visitor Agreement
Welcome to the corporate website for Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc.

Access to and use of this website, including any content, features, software, functionality and related social media handles (collectively, the “Website), is provided by Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. and/or its subsidiary and affiliated entities (“WBD,” “us” or “we”) subject to the following terms (collectively, the “Visitor Agreement”).

ACCEPTANCE OF THE VISITOR AGREEMENT
PLEASE READ THIS VISITOR AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE, AS IT CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS INCLUDING MANDATORY ARBITRATION, NO CLASS RELIEF, DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, INDEMNITY TO US, AND WAIVER OF YOUR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL. PLEASE TAKE A FEW MINUTES TO REVIEW THE SECTION HERE.

BY ACCESSING AND/OR USING THE WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS VISITOR AGREEMENT. PLEASE DISCONTINUE USE OF THE WEBSITE IF YOU DO NOT AGREE.

In addition to this Visitor Agreement, our Privacy Policy describes how we use personal information. A copy of the Privacy Policy can be found here and is incorporated by reference into this Visitor Agreement. By accessing and/or using the Website, you acknowledge that you have read the WBD Privacy Policy.

If any provision of this Visitor Agreement is determined by a court to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision is deemed severable from this Visitor Agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

YOUR ACCESS AND USE OF THE WEBSITE
When using the Website, you agree to comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, copyright law. Except as expressly permitted in this Visitor Agreement, you may not use, reproduce, distribute, create derivative works based upon, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, transmit, or otherwise exploit Website Content (as defined below) for any purpose whatsoever without obtaining prior written consent, in each instance, of WBD or, in the case of third-party content, its respective owner.

Except as expressly permitted in this Visitor Agreement, you may not:

(i) remove, alter, cover, or distort any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices on the Website or Website Content;

(ii) circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Website, including, without limitation, any features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content or enforce limitations on the use of the Website or Website Content;

(iii) use an automatic device (such as a robot or spider) or manual process to copy or “scrape” the Website or Website Content for any purpose without the express written permission of WBD, frame the Website or Website Content except to the extent we have given you explicit written permission to do so, or use any of our trademarks as meta tags.

(iv) collect or harvest any personally identifiable information from the Website, including, without limitation, user names, passwords, e-mail addresses;

(v) attempt to or interfere with the proper working of the Website or impair, overburden, or disable the same;

(vi) decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, modify or attempt to discover any Website source or object code or any software or other products, services or processes accessible through any portion of the Website;

(vii) use network-monitoring software to determine architecture of or extract usage data from the Website;

(viii) encourage conduct that violates any local, state or federal law, either civil or criminal, or impersonate another user, person, or entity;

(ix) violate U.S. export laws, including, without limitation, violations of the Export Administration Act and the Export Administration Regulations administered by the Department of Commerce;

(x) engage in any conduct that restricts or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying the Website or that violates this Visitor Agreement; or

(xi) use the Website or Website Content to advertise, or to solicit anyone to buy or sell, products or services, nor to solicit anyone to make donations of any kind, without our express written approval.

FEEDBACK, SUBMISSIONS, PHOTO UPLOAD AND POSTINGS
Feedback

Portions of the Website may invite you to provide us with feedback, comments or other information (“Feedback”). We welcome your Feedback, as it helps us to make the Website even better. By submitting Feedback, you agree that we are free to use the Feedback to improve the Website or for any other purpose permitted by applicable law.

Unsolicited Submissions

WBD does not accept unsolicited submissions of concepts, creative ideas, suggestions, stories, or other potential content. This is to avoid the possibility of a future misunderstanding when projects developed by WBD staff or representatives might seem to others to be similar to the submitted concepts, creative ideas, suggestions, stories or other potential content. Therefore, please do not send WBD any unsolicited submissions. If you do, please be aware that no material you send to us will be treated as confidential.

Photo Upload and Postings

If the Website provides you or other users an opportunity to upload photos, ratings, videos or post and exchange information, content, ideas and opinions (collectively, “Postings”), be advised that WBD shall have the right, but not the obligation to you, to screen and monitor Postings and may decide to remove or edit any Postings, which we consider to be offensive or otherwise in breach of this Visitor Agreement, prior to their appearance on the Website or elsewhere. Postings do not reflect the views of WBD and WBD disclaims all responsibility and liability arising from the Postings.

You represent that (a) you have all necessary rights in all Postings you provide and all material, content and information they contain and that your Postings shall not violate or infringe upon any proprietary right, intellectual property right or other rights of third parties; (b) you will not upload or post any nudity, obscene materials, hate speech, or other objectionable, offensive, illegal, or otherwise harmful materials to the Website, and (c) you will not upload or post any sensitive or confidential personal data as part of the Postings.

WBD INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. LINKS TO THIS WEBSITE
Unless otherwise explicitly specified, the Website (including past, present and future versions) and included content (and any derivative works or enhancements of the same), including, but not limited to, all layout, text, illustrations, instructions, files, images, designs, software, scripts, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, information, advertising copy, content, materials, products, services, URLs, technology, documentation, interactive features, the “look and feel” of the Website, the compilation, assembly and arrangement of the materials of the Website, as well as all trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade identities and trade dress that may appear on the Website and any and all copyrightable material (including source and object code) and all intellectual property rights to the same (collectively, the “Website Content”) are owned or controlled by WBD, our licensors, or both. You may access and display, on a single computer or device only, the Website Content, and you may print pages of this Website, for non-commercial, personal use only. Except for the limited use rights granted to you in this Visitor Agreement, you shall not acquire any right, title or interest in this Website or any Website Content therein. Any rights not expressly granted in this Visitor Agreement is expressly reserved by WBD.

WBD welcomes links to the Website. You may establish a hypertext link to the Website, provided that the link directs to the full version of a page of the Website and does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your website by WBD, or in any way misrepresents your relationship with WBD. You are not permitted to link directly to any Website Content hosted on this Website, such as using an “in-line” linking method to cause the Website Content hosted by us to be displayed on another website. You may not use on your website any trademarks, service marks or copyrighted materials appearing on the Website, including but not limited to any logos or characters, without the express written consent of the owner of the mark or right. We have the right to insist that any link to the Website be discontinued, and to revoke your right to link to the Website at any time upon written notice to you.

The Website may provide certain social media features that enable you to link from your own or third-party websites to content on this Website or send email or links to certain Website Content. You may use these features solely as they are provided, and you are not permitted to take any action with respect to the Website Content that is inconsistent with any provision of this Visitor Agreement.

NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
Pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement must be sent to WBD’s Designated Agent. The Name and Address of the Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement is as follows: Warner Bros Discovery, Inc., 8403 Colesville Road, Silver Spring, MD 20910; 240.662.0000 (telephone); or DMCA_notices@discovery.com (e-mail).

To be effective, the notification must be a written communication that includes the following:

A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number and, if available, an e-mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
 We may give notice to our users by means of a general notice on the Website, electronic mail to a user’s e-mail address in our records, or written communication sent by first-class mail to a user’s physical address in our records. If you receive such a notice, you may provide counter-notification in writing to the designated agent that includes the information below. To be effective, the counter-notification must be a written communication that includes the following:

Your physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;
A statement from you, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good-faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; and
Your name, physical address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of a federal district court for the judicial district in which your physical address is located, or if your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which we may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of allegedly infringing material or an agent of such person.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
The Website may include third party links as well as content posted by a third-party. We do not endorse, warrant and are not responsible for the accuracy, timeliness, completeness, or reliability of any opinion, advice, or statement made on the Website by anyone other than authorized employees or spokespersons while acting in their official capacities. You assume sole responsibility for your use of third-party links. WBD is not responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, decency, or any other aspect of these third-party sites and WBD is not liable to you for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as a result of your dealings with any third-party or their website.

USER ACCOUNTS, REGISTRATION AND SECURITY
By using the Website, you warrant that you have legal capacity to enter into the Visitor Agreement (i.e., that you are of sufficient age and mental capacity and are otherwise entitled to be legally bound in contract).

To obtain access to certain services on the Website, you may be given an opportunity to register with the Website. As part of a registration process, you may be required to select a username and a password. You agree that the information you supply during that registration process will be accurate and complete. You also agree not to (i) select, register, or attempt to register, or use a username of another person with the intention of impersonating that person; (ii) use a username of anyone else without authorization; (iii) use a username in violation of the intellectual property rights of any person; or (iv) use a username that WBD considers to be offensive. WBD reserves the right to reject or terminate any username or password that, in its judgment, it deems offensive. You will be responsible for preserving the confidentiality of your password and will notify WBD of any known or suspected unauthorized use of your account. Further, you agree that you are responsible for all statements made and acts or omissions that occur on your account while your password is being used. If you believe someone has used your password or account without your authorization, you must notify WBD immediately. WBD reserves the right to access and disclose any information including, without limitation, usernames of accounts and other information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests. Please inform WBD if there is a change in the information you provided at the time of your initial registration, including any change of address or name, by contacting our Fan Relations department.

CHANGES TO THIS VISITOR AGREEMENT
We reserve the right to modify this Visitor Agreement or change any part of the Website at any time. We will communicate material changes to this Visitor Agreement by making the revised Visitor Agreement available for your review on the Website. The date that this Visitor Agreement was last modified can be found at the end of this Visitor Agreement. The modified Visitor Agreement will become effective and govern your use of the Website upon the date and time they are posted to the Website. By continuing to use the Website after any revised Visitor Agreement comes into effect means you agree to be bound to the changes.

DISPUTE RESOLUTION
We endeavor to resolve customer concerns as quickly as possible. Please contact WBD at Fan Relations.

In the unlikely event that you’re not satisfied with customer service’s solution, and you and WBD are unable to resolve a dispute through the Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures below, we each agree to resolve the dispute through binding arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general jurisdiction. 

Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts. Unless expressly limited by this arbitration provision, arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award. Any arbitration under this Visitor Agreement will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted. In arbitration you may be entitled to recover attorneys’ fees from us to the same extent as you would be in court. 

ARBITRATION AGREEMENT
(1) Claims Subject to Arbitration: To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, WBD and you agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims between us, except for claims arising from bodily injury or that pertain to enforcing, protecting, or the validity of your or our intellectual property rights (or the intellectual property rights of any of our licensors, affiliates and partners). This Arbitration Agreement is intended to be broadly interpreted. It includes, but is not limited to: 

claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other statutory or common-law legal theory; 
claims that arose before this or any prior Visitor Agreement (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising); 
claims for mental or emotional distress or injury not arising out of physical bodily injury; 
claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class; and 
claims that may arise after the termination of this Visitor Agreement. 
References to “WBD,” “you,” “we” and “us” in this Arbitration Agreement include our respective predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as our respective past, present, and future parents, subsidiaries and affiliates (including Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. and its affiliates); those entities and our respective agents, employees, licensees, licensors, and providers of content as of the time your or our claim arises; and all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services under this or prior Agreements between us. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may elect to have claims heard in small claims court seeking only individualized relief, so long as the action is not removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction. This Arbitration Agreement does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies. You agree that, by entering into this Agreement, you and we are each waiving the right to participate in a class action and to a trial by jury to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. This Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1-16) governs the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration provision. This Arbitration Agreement shall survive termination of this Agreement. 

(2) Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures: You and we agree that good-faith, informal efforts to resolve disputes often can result in a prompt, cost-effective and mutually beneficial outcome. Therefore, a party who intends to initiate arbitration or file a claim in small claims court must first send to the other a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”). A Notice from you to WBD must be emailed to notice@wbd.com (“Notice Address”). Any Notice must include (i) the claimant’s name, address, and email address; (ii) a description of the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; (iii) if you are submitting the Notice, any relevant facts regarding your use of the Website, including whether you have created an account with or receive any newsletters associated with the Website; (iv) a description of the nature and basis of the specific relief sought, including the damages sought, if any, and a detailed calculation for them; and (v) a personally signed statement from the claimant (and not their counsel) verifying the accuracy of the contents of the Notice. The Notice must be individualized, meaning it can concern only your dispute and no other person’s dispute.

After receipt of a completed Notice, the parties shall engage in a good faith effort to resolve the dispute for a period of 60 days (which can be extended by agreement). You and we agree that, after receipt of the completed Notice, the recipient may request an individualized telephone or video settlement conference (which can be held after the 60-day period) and both parties will personally attend (with counsel, if represented). You and we agree that the parties (and counsel, if represented) shall work cooperatively to schedule the conference at the earliest mutually-convenient time and to seek to reach a resolution. If we and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the issues identified in the Notice within 60 days after the completed Notice is received (or a longer time if agreed to by the parties), you or we may commence an arbitration proceeding or a small claims court proceeding (if permitted by small claims court rules).

Compliance with this Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures section is a condition precedent to initiating arbitration. Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the informal dispute resolution procedures set forth in this Arbitration Agreement. All of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are essential so that you and WBD have a meaningful opportunity to resolve disputes informally. If any aspect of these requirements has not been met, a court of competent jurisdiction may enjoin the filing or prosecution of an arbitration. In addition, unless prohibited by law, the arbitration administrator may not accept, administer, assess, or demand fees in connection with an arbitration that has been initiated without completion of the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures. If the arbitration is already pending, it shall be administratively closed. Nothing in this paragraph limits the right of a party to seek damages for non-compliance with these Procedures in arbitration.

(3) Arbitration Procedure: The arbitration will be governed by applicable rules of National Arbitration & Mediation (“NAM”) (including the Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures and/or the Supplemental Rules for Mass Arbitration Filings, as applicable) (“NAM Rules”)), as modified by this Arbitration Agreement, and will be administered by NAM. (If NAM is unavailable or unwilling to do so, another arbitration provider shall be selected by the parties that will do so, or if the parties are unable to agree on an alternative administrator, by the court pursuant to 9 U.S.C. §5.) The NAM Rules are available online at www.NAMADR.com, by calling NAM at 1-800-358-2550, or by requesting them in writing at the Notice Address. You may obtain a form to initiate arbitration at: https://www.namadr.com/content/uploads/2020/09/Comprehensive-Demand-for-Arb-revised-9.18.19.pdf or by contacting NAM.

You and we agree that the party initiating arbitration must submit a certification that they have complied with and completed the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures requirements referenced in the Arbitration Agreement and that they are a party to the Arbitration Agreement enclosed with or attached to the demand for arbitration. The demand for arbitration and certification must be personally signed by the party initiating arbitration (and their counsel, if represented). 

All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except as to issues relating to the scope and enforceability of the Arbitration Agreement or whether a dispute can or must be brought in arbitration (including whether a dispute is subject to this Arbitration Agreement or a previous arbitration provision between you and WBD), which are for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide. The arbitrator may consider but shall not be bound by rulings in other arbitrations involving different customers.

Unless we and you agree otherwise, or the applicable NAM Rules dictate otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of your billing address and you and a WBD representative will be required to attend in person. At the conclusion of the arbitration proceeding, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based. The arbitrator’s decision is binding only between you and WBD and will not have any preclusive effect in another arbitration or proceeding that involves a different party. An arbitrator’s award that has been fully satisfied shall not be entered in any court.

As in court, you and WBD agree that any counsel representing a party in arbitration certifies when initiating and proceeding in arbitration that they are complying with the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b), including certification that the claim or relief sought is neither frivolous nor brought for an improper purpose. The arbitrator is authorized to impose any sanctions under the NAM Rules, Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11, or applicable federal or state law, against all appropriate represented parties and counsel.

Except as expressly provided in the Arbitration Agreement, the arbitrator may grant any remedy, relief, or outcome that the parties could have received in court, including awards of attorneys’ fees and costs, in accordance with applicable law. Unless otherwise provided by applicable law, the parties shall bear their own attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator awards sanctions or finds that either the substance of the claim, the defense, or the relief sought is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)).

(4) Arbitration Fees: The payment of arbitration fees (the fees imposed by the arbitration administrator including filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees) will be governed by the applicable NAM Rules, unless you qualify for a fee waiver under applicable law. If after exhausting any potentially available fee waivers, the arbitrator finds that the arbitration fees will be prohibitive for you as compared to litigation, we will pay as much of your filing, arbitrator, and hearing fees in the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive, regardless of the outcome of the arbitration, unless the arbitrator determines that your claim(s) were frivolous or brought for an improper purpose or asserted in bad faith. You and we agree that arbitration should be cost-effective for all parties and that any party may engage with NAM to address the reduction or deferral of fees. 

(5) Confidentiality: Upon either party’s request, the arbitrator will issue an order requiring that confidential information of either party disclosed during the arbitration (whether in documents or orally) may not be used or disclosed except in connection with the arbitration or a proceeding to enforce the arbitration award and that any permitted court filing of confidential information must be done under seal to the furthest extent permitted by law. 

(6) Offer of Settlement: In any arbitration between you and WBD, the defending party may, but is not obligated to, make a written settlement offer at any time before the evidentiary hearing or, if a dispositive motion is permitted, prior to the dispositive motion being granted. The amount or terms of any settlement offer may not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator issues an award on the claim. If the award is issued in the other party’s favor and is less than the defending party’s settlement offer or if the award is in the defending party’s favor, the other party must pay the defending party’s costs incurred after the offer was made, including any attorney’s fees. If any applicable statute or case law prohibits the shifting of costs incurred in the arbitration, then the offer in this provision shall serve to cease the accumulation of any costs to which the party bringing the claim may be entitled for the cause of action under which it is suing. 

(7) Requirement of Individualized Relief: The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND WE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR OUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL PROCEEDING. Further, unless both you and we agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative, class, or private attorney general proceeding. If, after exhaustion of all appeals, any of these prohibitions on non-individualized declaratory or injunctive relief; class, representative, and private attorney general claims; and consolidation are found to be unenforceable with respect to a particular claim or with respect to a particular request for relief (such as a request for injunctive relief sought with respect to a particular claim), then the parties agree such a claim or request for relief shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction, after all other arbitrable claims and requests for relief are arbitrated. You agree that any arbitrations between you and WBD will be subject to this Arbitration Agreement and not to any prior arbitration agreement you had with WBD, and, notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, you agree that this Arbitration Agreement amends any prior arbitration agreement you had with WBD, including with respect to claims that arose before this or any prior arbitration agreement.

(8) Opt Out of Future Changes: Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, if WBD makes any future change to this Arbitration Agreement (other than a change to the Notice Address), you may reject any such change by sending WBD an email to notice@wbd.com within 30 days of the posting of the amended arbitration agreement that provides: (i) your full legal name, (ii) your complete mailing address, (iii) your phone number, (iv) if applicable, the username or email address associated with any potential account or newsletter; and (v) the approximate date of your initial use of the Website. Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf. It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to reject the change to the Arbitration Agreement. This is not an opt out of arbitration altogether.  

(9) Mass Filing: 

If, at any time, 25 or more claimants (including you) submit Notices or seek to file demands for arbitration raising similar claims against the other party or related parties by the same or coordinated counsel or entities, consistent with the definition and criteria of Mass Filings (“Mass Filing”) set forth in NAM’s Mass Filing Supplemental Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures (“NAM’s Mass Filing Rules,” available at https://www.namadr.com/resources/rules-fees-forms/), you and we agree that the additional procedures set forth below shall apply. The parties agree that throughout this process, their counsel shall meet and confer to discuss modifications to these procedures based on the particular needs of the Mass Filing. The parties acknowledge and agree that by electing to participate in a Mass Filing, the adjudication of their dispute might be delayed. Any applicable limitations period (including statute of limitations) and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled beginning when the Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Notice and Informal Dispute Resolution Procedures are initiated, so long as the pre-arbitration Notice complies with the requirements in the Arbitration Agreement, until your claim is selected to proceed as part of a staged process or is settled, withdrawn, otherwise resolved, or opted out of arbitration. 

Stage One: Counsel for the claimants and counsel for WBD shall each select 25 claims per side (50 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process. Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing. Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process. After this initial set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and WBD shall pay the mediator’s fee. 

Stage Two: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for WBD shall each select 50 claims per side (100 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a second staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing. Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing. Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process. After this second set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge and WBD shall pay the mediator’s fee. 

Stage Three: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for WBD shall each select 100 claims per side (200 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a third staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing. Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process. Following this third set of staged proceedings, counsel for claimants may elect to have the parties participate in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge. 

If your claim is not resolved as part of the staged process identified above, either:

Option One: You and WBD may separately or by agreement, opt out of arbitration and elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with the Agreement. You may opt out of arbitration by providing your individual, personally signed notice of your intention to opt out by sending WBD an email to notice@wbd.com.  Such an opt-out email must be sent by you personally, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act on your behalf. It must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to opt out of arbitration within 30 days after the conclusion of Stage 3 or the elective mediation associated with Stage 3. WBD may opt your claim out of arbitration by sending an individual, personally signed notice of its intention to opt out to your counsel within 14 days after the expiration of your 30 day opt out period. Counsel for the parties may agree to adjust these deadlines. 

OR 

Option Two: If neither you nor WBD elect to have your claim heard in court consistent with Option One, then you agree that your claim will be resolved as part of continuing, staged individual arbitration proceedings as set forth below. Assuming the number of remaining claims exceeds 200, then 200 claims shall be randomly selected (or selected through a process agreed to by counsel for the parties) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process. If the number of remaining claims is fewer than 200, then all of those claims shall be filed and proceed in individual arbitrations. Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process. After each set of 200 claims are adjudicated, settled, withdrawn, or otherwise resolved, this process shall repeat consistent with these parameters. Counsel for the parties are encouraged to meet and confer, participate in mediation, and engage with each other and with NAM (including through a Procedural Arbitrator) to explore ways to streamline the adjudication of claims, increase the number of claims to proceed at any given time, promote efficiencies, conserve resources, and resolve the remaining claims. 

A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce these Mass Filing provisions and, if necessary, to enjoin the mass filing, prosecution, or administration of arbitrations and the assessment of arbitration fees. If these additional procedures apply to your claim, and a court of competent jurisdiction determines that they are not enforceable as to your claim, then your claim shall proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with this Agreement.

You and WBD agree that we each value the integrity and efficiency of arbitration and wish to employ the process for the fair resolution of genuine and sincere disputes between us. You and WBD acknowledge and agree to act in good faith to ensure the processes set forth herein are followed. The parties further agree that application of these Mass Filing procedures have been reasonably designed to result in an efficient and fair adjudication of such cases. 

(10) Severability: If any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is found to be void, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable, then that portion shall be deemed to be severable and, if possible, superseded by a valid, enforceable provision, or portion thereof, that matches the intent of the original provision, or portion thereof, as closely as possible. The remainder of this Arbitration Agreement shall continue to be enforceable and valid according to the terms contained herein. 

CLASS ACTION AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER 
You and WBD agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each party may bring claims (whether in court or in arbitration) against the other only in an individual capacity, and not participate as a plaintiff, claimant, or class member in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding.  This means that you and WBD may not bring a claim on behalf of a class or group and may not bring a claim on behalf of any other person unless doing so as a parent, guardian, or ward of a minor or in another similar capacity for an individual who cannot otherwise bring their own individual claim.  This also means that you and WBD may not participate in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding brought by any third party.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, you or WBD may participate in a class-wide settlement. 

To the fullest extent permitted by law, you and WBD waive any right to a jury trial. 

GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE
This Visitor Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of law principles. Any dispute that is not subject to arbitration, or any issues involving arbitrability or enforcement of any provisions under the dispute resolution clause or Arbitration Agreement shall be brought in the appropriate state or federal court located in New York County, New York; and we and you each irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in New York County, New York for the adjudication of all non-arbitral claims.

TIME LIMITATION FOR CLAIMS
Subject to the dispute resolution clause, and to the extent permitted by applicable law, any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating in any way to the Website or your use of the Website and/or this Visitor Agreement, or the relationship between you and WBD, must be commenced within one year of the relevant events. A dispute is commenced if it is filed in an arbitration or, if the dispute is non-arbitrable, a court of competent jurisdiction, during the one-year period. If you or we provide notice of a dispute, the one-year period is tolled for 60 days following receipt of the notice of dispute (although for the sake of clarity, it may be further extended if your dispute, claim or controversy is part of a mass filing as contemplated in Subsection (9) of the Arbitration Agreement).

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF THE WEBSITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE WEBSITE AND THE WEBSITE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, “WITH ALL FAULTS,” AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WBD AND ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, PARENTS, PARTNERS, SUCCESSORS, AGENTS, DISTRIBUTION PARTNERS, AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, AND THEIR RELATED COMPANIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES INCLUDING ANY: (1) WARRANTIES THAT THE WEBSITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (2) WARRANTIES CONCERNING THE AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY, SECURITY, USEFULNESS, TIMELINESS, OR INFORMATIONAL CONTENT OF THE WEBSITE OR THE WEBSITE CONTENT, AS APPLICABLE; (3) WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES, CUSTOM, TRADE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE; (4) WARRANTIES FOR SERVICES OR GOODS RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED ON OUR WEBSITE OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE WEBSITE; (5) WARRANTIES CONCERNING THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE WEBSITE; (6) WARRANTIES THAT YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE WILL BE SECURE OR UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY OR ERROR-FREE; (7) WARRANTIES THAT DEFECTS OR ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED; AND (8) WARRANTIES THAT THE WEBSITE (OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE) ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL WBD OR ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF USE OF THE WEBSITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. (BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH STATES, THE LIABILITY OF THE WBD AND ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.) YOU AGREE THAT THE LIABILITY OF, WBD AND ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS, IF ANY, ARISING OUT OF ANY KIND OF LEGAL CLAIM IN ANY WAY CONNECTED TO THE WEBSITE WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT, IF ANY, YOU PAID TO WBD FOR THE USE OF THE WEBSITE. YOU AGREE THAT ANY DAMAGES YOU INCUR ARISING OUT OF THIS VISITOR AGREEMENT ARE NOT IRREPARABLE AND ARE INSUFFICIENT TO ENTITLE YOU TO AN INJUNCTION OR OTHER EQUITABLE RELIEF RESTRICTING THE AVAILABILITY OF, OR ANY PERSON’S ABILITY TO ACCESS, ANY PORTION OF THE WEBSITE.

INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless WBD, its affiliates, and their officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers, from and against any and all losses, expenses, damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of, related to, or that may arise in connection with: (i) your access to or use of the Website or Website Content; (ii) any actual or alleged violation or breach; or (iii) your acts or omissions. You agree to cooperate fully with us in the defense of any claim that is the subject of your obligations hereunder.

GEOGRAPHIC RESTRICTIONS & LOCAL REGULATIONS
WBD is based in the state of New York in the United States. WBD makes no claims that the Website or any Website Content therein is accessible, appropriate or available for use outside of the United States. If you access the Website from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable. You specifically agree to comply with all applicable laws concerning the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country you reside in.

ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
You may have to accept additional terms and conditions in order to use certain features offered through the Website. If there is a conflict or inconsistency between those additional terms and this Visitor Agreement, those additional terms will prevail solely with respect to your use of the particular feature to which they apply.

INVESTIGATIONS
WBD may investigate suspected violations of this Visitor Agreement. As part of such an investigation, WBD may gather information from you and take appropriate steps to address any such violations. We will collect and use any such information in accordance with the WBD Privacy Policy.

FORCE MAJEURE
WBD shall not have any liability to you by reason of any delay or failure to perform any obligation under this Visitor Agreement if the delay or failure to perform is occasioned by force majeure, which shall refer to any act of God, storm, fire, casualty, unanticipated work stoppage, power outage, satellite failure, strike, lockout, labor dispute, civil disturbance, riot, war, public health emergency, epidemic, pandemic or national emergency, Governmental action, or other cause beyond our control.

SURVIVAL
Any provision herein which by its nature contemplates your continued observance following termination of this Visitor Agreement will survive termination of this Visitor Agreement.

Last updated March 24, 2023.