Terms Of Use | ForAgentsOnly.com
ForAgentsOnly Home
Terms and Conditions for Use of this Site
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before accessing the ForAgentsOnly.com website (FAO).
Your use of FAO is expressly conditioned on your acceptance of the terms and conditions below. By using FAO, you signify your assent to these Terms and Conditions and agree to be bound thereby. If you do not agree with any part of the following Terms and Conditions, you must not use this site.
The Terms and Conditions may be modified by Progressive from time to time. Continued use of FAO by you will constitute your acceptance of any modifications to the Terms and Conditions, so check this page regularly. You can access the Terms and Conditions any time from the bottom of any page in FAO. Your failure to follow the rules herein, whether listed below or in supplemental notices posted at various times on this page, may result in termination of your access to FAO, in addition to Progressive's other remedies.
Use of This Website
FAO is a comprehensive Web site which allows The Agency Group of Progressive Insurance Companies to support and communicate with our agents electronically by providing access to policyholder information (limited to your book of business), agent records (including commission statements), relevant technology, as well as the most current information and news to assist you in your business. You agree not to disrupt, modify or interfere with FAO, or impede or interfere with others’ use of FAO, or its associated software, hardware and servers in any way. You further agree not to alter or tamper with any information on or associated with FAO. This site and the content provided in this site, including the text, graphics, button icons, and data compilations, may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed without the written permission of Progressive, except that you may display and print the materials presented on this site for the specific business purpose set forth herein. Systematic retrieval of data or other content from this site to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database or directory, without prior written permission from Progressive, is prohibited.
Agents and Brokers
In some states, brokers, rather than independent agents, offer Progressive's insurance products to customers. Although there are important legal distinctions between agents and brokers, for readability purposes this website uses "agent" to refer to both. While the relationship between brokers and Progressive differs from Progressive's relationship with its independent agents, including the fact that brokers do not have binding authority, many of the same or similar tools and services on FAO are available to them. If you have any questions about the products and services described on this web site or their availability to brokers, please contact a Progressive Account Sales Manager.
Agent Code/Password/PIN
FAO is a restricted use site, requiring the use of an Agent Code (or user ID) and password for access. Portions of FAO – for example, access to your online commission statements -- require a Personal Identification Number ("PIN") for access. Unauthorized use of or access to any restricted area is strictly prohibited. Actual or attempted unauthorized use of or access to such areas may result in criminal and/or civil prosecution. Attempts to access such areas without proper authorization may be viewed, monitored and recorded and any information obtained may be given to law enforcement agencies in connection with any investigation or prosecution of possible criminal and/or unlawful activity on this system. If you are not an authorized user of such areas or do not consent to continued monitoring, you should not attempt to access such areas.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Agent Code, password and PIN. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your Agent Code, password and PIN. Progressive is not liable for any unauthorized access to your personal information that is not the direct result of gross negligence on the part of Progressive. You will notify Progressive immediately if you believe someone else has obtained your password or PIN or any unauthorized access under your Agent Code has occurred or may occur. Progressive may block access to your Agent Code and/or PIN without prior notice if we believe your Agent Code or PIN is being used by someone other than you, if any unauthorized access to your personal information has occurred or may occur, or for other reasons, including, without limitation, system upgrades and/or modifications.
Copyright/Trademark
Except where otherwise indicated, all materials contained in this Web site are the copyrighted property of Progressive Casualty Insurance Company, its affiliated companies and/or third party licensors. Drive® is a registered service mark of Drive Trademark Holdings LP and is licensed to Progressive Casualty Insurance Company. The Progressive logo, all other service marks, and the names of various products and services described within are service marks of Progressive Casualty Insurance Company and/or its affiliated companies (collectively "Progressive").
Progressive reserves all rights to its intellectual property. Any materials printed or downloaded from FAO shall retain all copyright and other proprietary notices in the same form and manner as on the original.
You are not authorized to use any portion of FAO or any other intellectual property of Progressive on any other Web site, in the meta-tags of any other Web site or in any other materials. You may not modify, publish, reproduce, republish, create derivative works, copy, upload, post, transmit, distribute, or otherwise use any of FAO’s content (except as permitted herein) or frame FAO within any other Web site.
Privacy
FAO provides a convenient means for you to access information from Progressive. You acknowledge and agree that you are only authorized to access such information as may be available through your own Agent Code, password and/or PIN. Some of this information, called "nonpublic personal information," is protected under the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and state privacy laws. Progressive maintains privacy policies in compliance with the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and applicable state law. Progressive’s privacy policies are available at our Web site, www.progressive.com/agent. Progressive also maintains physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in compliance with applicable laws and regulations to prevent the unauthorized access to and dissemination of nonpublic personal information. When using FAO in the course of your representation of Progressive, you acknowledge and agree that you will adhere to Progressive’s privacy policy applicable to your state. When not representing Progressive, however, you must independently comply with applicable federal and state privacy laws with respect to your collection, use and disclosure of nonpublic personal information.
Third-Party Websites
FAO contains links to other Internet Websites ("Third-party Sites") that are not maintained by Progressive. Access to Third-party Sites is at your own risk and Progressive is not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any information, data, opinions, advice or statements made on these Third-party Sites. Progressive provides these links solely for your convenience. Progressive makes no warranties or representations about the content of, or any products or services offered in, such Third-party Sites. You should not interpret any link to/from such Third-party Sites as indicating that Progressive sponsors or endorses such sites or their materials or that these Third-party Sites are affiliated with Progressive in any manner. We recommend that you take the time to read the privacy and data security policies of all Third-party Sites.
Products
The information and descriptions contained in FAO are intended as general information and are not necessarily complete descriptions of all terms, exclusions and conditions applicable to the products and services offered by Progressive. The insurance coverage afforded by Progressive is subject to the terms and conditions of the policies issued. Progressive reserves the right to withdraw products or services referred to in FAO at any time.
Disclaimer of Warranty
FAO (including all information and materials contained on this site) is provided “as is” and “as available” without warranties of any kind either express or implied. Progressive disclaims all warranties, express or implied, with respect to FAO, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third party rights, and those arising by statute or otherwise in law or from a course of dealing or usage of trade. Progressive does not warrant that the operation of FAO will be uninterrupted or error-free, that any defects will be corrected, or that FAO or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Progressive does not warrant or make any representations regarding the accuracy, completeness, currency or reliability of FAO, any of the information or materials found on FAO, or the use or the results of the use of the information or materials in FAO. Progressive disclaims any warranty or representation that this site, its servers or any e-mail sent from Progressive are free of viruses or other harmful components. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
Progressive assumes no responsibility for, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to or use of this site or your downloading of any materials or data from the site. In no event shall Progressive be liable for any indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary or punitive damages of any kind (including but not limited to lost profits or lost opportunity), whether based in contract, tort, strict liability, or otherwise, which arises out of or is in any way connected with (i) any use of FAO or content found herein, (ii) any failure or delay (including but not limited to the use of or inability to use any component of FAO), or (iii) the performance or non-performance by Progressive, even if Progressive has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Jurisdiction/Enforceability
Use of FAO shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio without giving effect to any principles of conflict of laws. Any dispute concerning FAO or these Terms and Conditions shall be subject to the exclusive venue of a court of competent jurisdiction in Cuyahoga County, Ohio. Your use of FAO constitutes your express consent to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of resolving any such dispute. Should any provision of these Terms and Conditions of use be held invalid, unlawful or for any reason unenforceable, then the invalid, unlawful or unenforceable provision shall be severable from the remaining provisions. Such invalid, unlawful or unenforceable provision shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions.
Indemnification
You agree to defend and indemnify Progressive, including all corporate affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any claim, cause of action or demand, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees, brought by or on your behalf or by third parties as a result of your breach of these Terms and Conditions.
Attorney's Fees
In the event Progressive takes legal action against you in order to enforce, protect or defend any of its rights pursuant to these Terms and Conditions and prevails, you agree to pay all reasonable costs and fees incurred by Progressive, including but not limited attorneys’ fees, in addition to any other relief to which Progressive may be entitled.
Privacy Notice – Human Resources, Insurance Producers, and Contractors
(Last updated: 12/18/2025)
About this notice
We are committed to protecting your privacy and earning your trust.  This Privacy Policy ("notice") describes the information we collect about you and how we use and protect it.  It applies to the following individuals:
Our job applicants and employees
Contractors who perform services for us
Insurance agents or brokers (together, “Producers”) who do business with us
Visitors to or users of our internal- or external-facing employment, workforce, or Producer Sites.  (We refer to websites, applications and platforms together in this notice as “Sites”.)
Third-party service providers host at least some of our Sites.  They will process information submitted through a Site and may provide it to us.
This notice does not govern our other Sites or third-party Sites. Those are subject to their respective privacy policies and associated notices.
Summary
This section summarizes our privacy practices.  For more detail, please read the entire notice.
We gather information from you, your interactions with us, and outside sources.
We use information about you only to conduct our business and otherwise act consistently with our relationship with you.
We will share that information with companies that provide certain products or services you request through us. We also may share it within our family of companies.
We limit access to that information and use safeguards to help protect it.
What information do you collect about me?
We collect information about you so that you can search and apply for jobs or an appointment with us and submit and update your resume, career, and contact information.  We also may use the information we collect to process your employment application, act as your employer, conduct business with you, and operate our Sites. The information we collect about you is called
“Nonpublic Personal Information”
or
"NPI"
if it identifies you and is not available to the public.  Depending on your interactions with us, we collect it from some or all of the following sources.  We have provided a few examples for each source, but not all may apply to you.
Information from you:
You provide this on your employment application; through our Sites or third-party Sites; and via our human resources, Producer and other communications, workplace and business platforms and interactions.  It may include your name, street and e-mail addresses, phone number, driver’s license number, Social Security number, date of birth, gender, and educational and employment history.  It also may include information about your employment benefits elections, dependents, and beneficiaries.
Consumer Report Information:
We obtain this from consumer reporting agencies.  It may include criminal background checks and your driving record.  The information is kept by the consumer reporting agencies and disclosed by them to others as permitted by law.
Benefit Provider Information:
Subject to applicable law, we may obtain information about you from the employment and workplace benefits providers we use.
Other Third-Party Information:
If you are a contractor or Producer working for an entity that does business with us, the entity may provide us with your name and other information about you.  We may also obtain information about you from directories and other outside sources.
Observation, Interaction, and Transaction Information:
This is information from our observations of you and your interactions and transactions with us, our affiliates, or others.  It includes your performance, disciplinary history, and your time, pay, and tax records.  If you are a Producer, it includes your sales history.
We also may collect
“Site Information”
about you. This relates to Internet and electronic activity. It may include how you linked to our Sites. It also may include your IP address and information about your personal or work device, time of visit, and what areas you visit on our Sites. When you visit our Sites, we may use cookies, web beacons, and other technology to collect information about you and your activities on our Sites.  We may do this to provide services to or conduct business with you, enhance your online experience, conduct recruitment-related advertising,  and notify you of employment opportunities and other appropriate news and events.  We also may track or otherwise collect information about the location of the computer or other electronic devices we provide for your use.
We may use information about you to provide you with more personalized experiences.  We also may use it to develop artificial intelligence (AI).  We design and use AI to help improve our products and services, to help fight fraud, and for other uses consistent with this notice.  We are committed to responsible AI principles in our use of AI.  You can learn more about AI at
progressive.com/support/legal/ai-policy/
.
Who might get information about me from you?
We share your information for what we feel are legitimate business, legal, or compliance purposes. Examples of disclosures include those that we feel are required to provide insurance claims or customer service, prevent fraud, perform research, comply with the law, inform you about or provide you with available benefits, or otherwise run our business.  Recipients include, for example, our family of companies, service providers, consumer reporting agencies, others we do business with, law enforcement, courts and government agencies.  They may disclose the information to others as permitted by law.
Some benefits and other products or services obtained through us will be provided by other companies.  We may share your information with these companies.  They will use the information per their privacy policies.  These companies may share with us information about you and your transactions with them.
How do you protect information?
We restrict access to information about you to our employees and others whom we feel must use it to provide our products and services or otherwise run our business.  Their use of the information is limited by law, our employee code of conduct, and written agreements where appropriate. We also maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the information.
Our family of companies
This notice is from our family of companies.  Our family of companies includes American Strategic Insurance Corp., Artisan and Truckers Casualty Company, ASI Assurance Corp., ASI Home Insurance Corp., ASI Lloyds, ASI Lloyds, Inc., ASI Preferred Insurance Corp., ASI Select Auto Insurance Corp., ASI Select Insurance Corp., ASI Services, Inc., ASI Underwriters Corp., B&L Brokerage Services, Inc., B&L Insurance, Ltd., B&L Management, Inc., Blue Hill Specialty Insurance Company, Drive Insurance Company, Drive New Jersey Insurance Company, Gadsden, AL, LLC, Garden Sun Insurance Services, Inc., Mountain Laurel Assurance Company, National Continental Insurance Company, Pacific Motor Club, PC Investment Company, Progny Agency, Inc., Progressive Adjusting Company, Inc., Progressive Advanced Insurance Company, Progressive Advantage Agency, Inc., Progressive American Insurance Company, Progressive Auto Pro Insurance Agency, Inc., Progressive Bayside Insurance Company, Progressive Capital Management Corp., Progressive Casualty Insurance Company, Progressive Choice Insurance Company, Progressive Classic Insurance Company, Progressive Commercial Advantage Agency, Inc., Progressive Commercial Casualty Company, Progressive County Mutual Insurance Company, Progressive Direct Insurance Company, Progressive Express Insurance Company, Progressive Freedom Insurance Company, Progressive Garden State Insurance Company, Progressive Gulf Insurance Company, Progressive Hawaii Insurance Corp., Progressive Investment Company, Inc., Progressive Life Insurance Company, Progressive Marathon Insurance Company, Progressive Max Insurance Company, Progressive Michigan Insurance Company, Progressive Mountain Insurance Company, Progressive Next Inc., Progressive Northern Insurance Company, Progressive Northwestern Insurance Company, Progressive Paloverde Insurance Company, Progressive Preferred Insurance Company, Progressive Premier Insurance Company of Illinois, Progressive Property Insurance Company, Progressive Security Insurance Company, Progressive Select Insurance Company, Progressive Southeastern Insurance Company, Progressive Specialty Insurance Company, Progressive Universal Insurance Company, PropertyPlus Insurance Agency, Inc., Protective Insurance Corporation, Protective Insurance Company, Protective Specialty Insurance Company, Sagamore Insurance Company, Sunshine Security Insurance Agency, Inc., Transport Specialty Insurance Agency, Inc., Trussville/Cahaba, AL, LLC, United Financial Casualty Company, Village Transport Corp., Wilson Mills Land Co., and 358 Ventures, Inc.
Changes
If we change our practices as described in this notice, we will update this notice.  Visitors to our Sites should refer to the date at the top of this notice to see when it was last updated.
Additional Information about Internet Practices
When you visit our Sites, we collect Site Information for various reasons. For example, if you start an employment application on our Site, but decide to finish it later, we will save information about you so you can resume where you left off. We may use your Site Information to serve recruiting or related ads to you across multiple devices, such as your computer, smartphone, or tablet, or to limit how often you see our ads.  We may also use Site Information to customize your experience with and analyze your use of our Sites and interaction with us.
We may transmit certain Site Information to third party companies we work with (“Tracking Companies”) to, among other purposes, measure our recruiting and related advertising efficiency or track referrals to our Sites.  Some Tracking Companies may be able to associate Site Information with other information they already have about you.
We may recruit and conduct related advertising through Tracking Companies on various Sites.  We also may do this on internet-connected platforms like streaming TV devices. Some of these Sites and platforms may use cookies, web beacons and other technology to capture and share information about you or your device with us or our service providers. These service providers may use information about your visits to and interactions with this and other Sites and platforms, or the ads themselves, along with information about you or your interests (which may include Site Information), to provide ads about employment opportunities and related content that may interest you. Some of this information may be exchanged with us or other service providers for market research or to analyze and manage our recruiting and related advertising efforts.
You may be able to set your browser or mobile device to warn you each time a cookie is being sent or to reject all or certain kinds of cookies. Typically, you can do this by changing the privacy settings on your internet browser or device. However, if you reject cookies, some Sites may not function properly, and some website services may be diminished. In most cases, you must manage these settings on each of your browsers or devices.  For example, updating your desktop browser setting may not impact your mobile device. Our Sites will honor any Global Privacy Control signals exempting you from optional cookies and similar technologies while you use our Sites. Our Sites do not recognize most other “do not track” settings.
What about Site security?
Our security measures help secure your data, so that unauthorized parties cannot access it while in transit.  We limit access to our servers and require our employees to follow high standards of ethics and integrity in performing their jobs.
What about links to other Sites?
Our Sites may contain links to other Sites that we do not maintain. We make no warranties or representations about other Sites. You should read the privacy and security policies of these Sites.
California Consumer Privacy Act Supplement to Privacy Notice
This Supplement (
“Supplement”
) describes our collection and use of Personal Information (as defined in the “Notice at Collection” below) that is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (the
“CCPA”
). This Supplement also describes the rights of Consumers under the CCPA.  This Supplement does not apply to information that is exempt from the CCPA.  This Supplement controls if there is a conflict with our privacy notice.
Our Personal Information practices
We collected each of the categories of Personal Information listed in the
“Notice at Collection”
below during the twelve months preceding the date of this notice (the
“past year”
).
We collect Personal Information for the Purposes listed in the Notice at Collection.
The categories of our sources for Personal Information about Consumers include:
Employment-related and other advertising networks, lead sources or aggregators, or other third-party sites, web browsers or search engines
Consumers or our observation of Consumers
Data analytics providers
Data brokers
Government entities
Insurance companies, agencies and brokerages
Internet service providers
Operating systems and platforms
Our benefits and/or other service providers
Persons involved in claims, litigation, or fraud prevention or detection
Social networks
Third-party product and/or service providers
Other companies within our family of companies
We may disclose each of the categories of Personal Information listed in the Notice at Collection. During the past year, we disclosed the following Personal Information to service providers or contractors for business purposes: Identifiers, CCR Categories, Protected Classifications, Commercial Information, Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information, Geolocation Data, Sensory Data, Professional or Employment-Related Information, Education Information, Sensitive Identifiers, Sensitive Account Information, Sensitive Geolocation Information, Sensitive Demographics, Sensitive Communications, and Sensitive Health Information. All of this information may be disclosed within our family of companies.
We disclose Personal Information for the Purposes listed in the Notice at Collection.
We did not sell Personal Information or share it with others for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising during the past year but will start to do so on or after the effective date of this Supplement. “Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising” means targeting advertising to a Consumer based on the Consumer’s Personal Information obtained from that person’s activity across businesses, distinctly-branded websites, applications, or services, other than the business, distinctly-branded website, application, or service with which the person intentionally interacts.
We do not use or disclose the
“Sensitive Personal Information”
described in the “Notice at Collection” below for purposes other than those specified by the CCPA and its regulations.
To our knowledge, we do not sell Personal Information about Consumers under sixteen years old or share it with others for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising.
Your rights to delete, discover and correct
To the extent provided by law, you are entitled to receive a “Notice at Collection,” which we have attached to this Supplement.
To the extent provided by law, you may request that we:
delete Personal Information that we collected from you;
correct inaccurate Personal Information that we maintain about you; and
disclose the following to you free of charge:
the categories of Personal Information we collected about you;
the categories of sources from which it is collected;
our purpose for collecting, selling or sharing Personal Information;
the categories of third parties to whom we disclose Personal Information;
the specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you;
the categories of Personal Information about you that we sold or shared and the categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold or shared; and
the categories of Personal Information about you that we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of persons to whom it was disclosed.
You may exercise the rights described above by using the form at
privacyrequest.progressive.com
or by calling us toll-free at
1-855-955-0742
.
Your CCPA opt-out rights
You may opt-out of our sharing Personal Information about you for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising purposes, as well as from any sales by us of that information. You may exercise this right at
privacyrequest.progressive.com
.
We will honor any Global Privacy Control ("GPC") signals that indicate your preference to opt-out of sales or sharing of your Personal Information. You may enable this on many browsers' settings or by downloading a GPC extension for applicable browsers. GPC opt-outs are applied at the browser level. If you clear the cookies cache on your browser, websites such as ours will not be able to recognize your prior GPC opt-out, but you may opt-out again by re-enabling or downloading the GPC setting extension or by notifying us at
privacyrequest.progressive.com
.
Nonretaliation
We will not retaliate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA.  However, we may charge a different price for goods or services if the difference is reasonably related to the value of your Personal Information.  We may offer financial incentives for the collection or retention of personal information pursuant to our employee referral program.  More information about this program is available on our intranet site or by calling our Human Resources Service Center.
Verifying requests
If you request to delete, correct, or discover Personal Information, we will attempt to verify your identity by trying to match identifying information provided by you to Personal Information about you that we have.  If we do not have enough information to match, we may try to contact you to verify your identity.  Examples of information you may be asked to provide include your name, address history, and information about your interactions with us.  If you want us to disclose specific pieces of Personal Information that we collected about you or delete Personal Information that we collected from you, you may also be asked to provide a copy of the front and back of your driver's license or other government-issued identification card.  We will notify you if we cannot timely verify that you are the Consumer about whom we have collected Personal Information.
How an agent can make requests on your behalf
You may designate an agent to make requests on your behalf.  To make such a request, your agent may use
privacyrequest.progressive.com
or call us toll-free at
1-855-955-0742
. The agent must provide us with a power of attorney from you or your signed permission authorizing the agent to make the request for you.  If the agent requests disclosure of specific pieces of personal information or deletion of personal information, the agent may also be asked to send us a copy of the front and back of your driver's license or other government-issued identification card.  If the agent does not provide us with a power of attorney, we may contact you to directly verify with you your identity and that you gave the agent permission to submit the request.
Questions and concerns
If you want to access this notice in a different format because of disability, or if you have any other CCPA questions or concerns, you may contact us at
privacyrequest.progressive.com
or call us toll-free at
1-855-955-0742
.
Date
The foregoing Supplement was last updated as of  12/18/2025.
Metrics regarding 2024 CCPA requests from Californians
We received 434 requests to know.  We complied with 407 of those requests in whole or part.  We denied 27 of those requests.  The mean number of days for processing was 9.
We received 579 requests to delete.  We complied with 543 of those requests in whole or part.  We denied 36 of those requests.  The mean number of days for processing was 8.
We received 1,149 opt-out requests.  We complied with 1,088 of those requests in whole or part.  We denied 61 of those requests.  The mean number of days for processing was 4.
We received 81 requests to correct. We complied with 74 of those requests in whole or part. We denied 7 of those requests. The mean number of days for processing was 9.
Requests were denied due to unverifiable consumer identity or valid CCPA exemption.
For ensuing-year updates to these numbers, see the California privacy policy at
https://www.progressive.com/privacy/
.
California Notice at Collection
This Notice applies only to California residents (
“Consumers”
) concerning Personal Information that is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).  This Notice does not apply to information that is exempt from the CCPA.
This Notice does not govern our other websites or third-party websites.  Those are subject to their respective privacy policies and California notices at collection.
"Personal Information"
is information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular Consumer or household in California.  It includes the following categories:
"Identifiers"
such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
"CCR Categories,”
which may include the following categories of Personal Information described in the California Customer Records statute: name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
"Protected Classification Characteristics"
under California or federal law such as age, marital status, and gender.
"Commercial Information,"
which may include records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
"Biometric Information,"
which means a Consumer’s physiological, biological or behavioral characteristics used or intended for use singly or in combination with each other or other identifying data to establish individual identity.
"Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information,"
which may include website information, browsing history, search history, information on a Consumer’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.
"Geolocation Data"
about physical location or movements.
"Sensory Information"
consisting of audio, electronic, visual or similar information.
"Professional or Employment-Related Information"
such as information about current or past employment.
"Education Information"
such as education level.
"Inferences"
drawn from other Personal Information to create a profile about a Consumer reflecting the Consumer's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Personal Information also includes the following categories of
“Sensitive Personal Information”
:
“Sensitive Identifiers,”
meaning Personal Information that reveals a Consumer’s Social Security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number.
“Sensitive Account Information,”
meaning Personal Information that reveals a Consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account.
“Sensitive Geolocation Information,”
meaning Personal Information that reveals a Consumer’s geolocation within an area that is equal to or less than the area of a circle with a radius of 1850 feet.
“Sensitive Demographics,”
meaning Personal Information that reveals a Consumer’s racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership.
“Sensitive Communications,”
meaning the contents of a Consumer’s mail, email, and text messages unless we are the intended recipient of the communication.
“Sensitive Biometrics,”
meaning the processing of biometric information for the purpose of uniquely identifying a Consumer.
“Sensitive Health Information,”
meaning Personal Information collected and analyzed concerning a Consumer’s health.
“Sensitive Genetics Information,”
meaning a Consumer’s genetic data.
“Sensitive Neural Information”
means information generated by measuring the activity of a consumer’s central or peripheral nervous system that is not inferred from nonneural information.
“Sensitive Sexual Information,”
meaning Personal Information voluntarily provided to us by a Consumer and analyzed concerning the Consumer’s sex life or sexual orientation.
We may collect and use Personal Information (including Sensitive Personal Information) about you and your household for the following purposes (the
“Purposes”
):
Analytics, research & development, pricing, and improving or upgrading applicant, quoter, customer, claimant, workforce and/or Producer experience
Auditing and quality control
Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, and verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions
Claims and litigation
Compliance and related purposes, including, without limitation, making disclosures required by law or regulation, for governmental investigations or processes, or to our attorneys, accountants and auditors
Investigations, discipline and helping to detect security incidents, resist malicious, fraudulent or illegal activity, report and help prosecute such activity, and help protect physical safety
Maintaining and protecting our data, systems and ourselves, including, without limitation, debugging to identify and repair errors
Recruiting and marketing and advertising products and services offered by us or others and employment opportunities with us, lead monetization, and associated research and analysis
To provide, process, and service our products or offerings (e.g., maintaining or servicing policies, providing other consumer service, processing or fulfilling transactions and payments, verifying consumer information, communications, etc.)
To provide job applicant, employee, contractor, and independent agent services and experiences (e.g., processing or fulfilling transactions and payments, verifying applicant, employee, contractor, and Producer information, communications, candidate recruiting/processing, onboarding, management, resource development, pay, time and leave, benefits and other programming, etc.)
Sharing information throughout our family of companies or with companies in which we invest
The minimum length of time for which we will retain the Personal Information we collect varies based on applicable statutes of limitations and whether we think we might need the information for court or other official proceedings.
We may sell, or share for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising Purposes, Identifiers, Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information and Professional or Employment-Related Information. "Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising" means targeting advertising to a Consumer based on the Consumer's Personal Information obtained from that person's activity across businesses, distinctly-branded websites, applications, or services, other than the business, distinctly-branded website, application, or service with which the person intentionally interacts. You can opt-out of such sharing at
privacyrequest.progressive.com
.
We may allow third parties to collect personal information from our websites.
This Notice is incorporated into our Privacy Notice.
Return to login
1.0.0.12878
1.0.0.7417
ForAgentsOnly is a restricted use site for authorized users only.
Copyright
© 1997-2026 Progressive Casualty Insurance Company. All rights reserved.