Terms Of Service | FreeShipping.com
Terms of Service
Effective Date: September 10, 2024
SERVICES
With your membership, you receive a number of benefits, subject to the terms and conditions below:
10% Cash Back
Coupons
Shipping Rebates
Return Shipping Rebates
Price Protection Rebates
Food Delivery Rebates
10% CASH BACK
Members can enjoy 10% Cash Back on purchases made at over 1,000 participating online retailers on FreeShipping.com. During limited-time promotions, members can enjoy 20% Cash Back at a certain number of retailers included in that promotion. Cash Back eligibility is subject to the following terms and conditions:
For a purchase to be eligible for Cash Back, you must follow the links provided on the FreeShipping.com website, successfully connect to the participating retailer's site based on that click, and complete the "qualifying purchase" during the same session immediately following your initial click-through to the participating retailer's site. Failure to do so will result in your purchase being ineligible.
To qualify for Cash Back, purchases must be made through U.S.-based websites (which use .com extensions); purchases made through Canadian websites (which use .ca extensions) or other domains associated with a non-U.S. country do not qualify for Cash Back. Please note that if you choose to have your purchase shipped to Canada, you may be re-directed to the retailer's .ca site, in which case your purchase will not be eligible for Cash Back.
You must have a current mailing address on file in order to receive your payout.
All members in both the United States and Canada are billed for their membership and paid out in US dollars (USD).
Please note that members purchasing products from a Freeshipping.com participating retailer using a Safari Browser version 11 or lower may not have their purchase(s) tracked and recorded due to an Apple default do not track setting which will result in the purchase not being tracked for Cash Back. To remedy this situation, affected members could either upgrade the Safari browser or use a different browser.
At times, some retailers may be temporarily unavailable or removed from our program without notice. Retailer availability is out of our control as participation is determined by the retailers themselves.
Retailers voluntarily participate in our program and may be subject to change without notice. Some retailers may be temporarily unavailable or removed from our program outside of our control.
Please be aware of the following guidelines for cash-back qualifying purchases:
FreeShipping.com obtains all of your cash-back purchase data via our participating retailer network. We determine, at our sole discretion, whether or not a purchase made through a FreeShipping.com participating retailer qualifies for Cash Back. We reserve the right to deem a purchase ineligible for Cash Back if a participating retailer fails to report a transaction to FreeShipping.com or if it withholds payment to us for any reason.
We reserve the right to deny cash back, rescind cash back and/or ban any member whom we believe, in our sole discretion, is abusing or has abused the FreeShipping.com program. This includes (but is not limited to) returning items or cancelling orders after cash back has already been granted or creating more than one account per household.
Abuse or fraud related to the collection of cash back, or misrepresentation of information provided to FreeShipping.com, may result in the termination of your account and forfeiture of cash back. If we, for any reason, suspect fraudulent activity on your account or violation of these Terms or any law, we reserve the right to delay, decline, or withhold payment of cash back. Any suspected or actual cases of fraudulent activity will be escalated and reviewed in accordance with our fraud process. We may request to see your original order confirmation email, original proof-of purchase, or other items as determined in our sole discretion. All decisions made by FreeShipping.com are final.
By joining FreeShipping.com and accessing your benefits, you give FreeShiping.com permission to review your account with participating stores whenever we suspect fraudulent or inappropriate activity.
Please note that there are a variety of reasons why a participating retailer may not report a purchase to us, including but not limited to the following actions on your part:
You go directly to the retailer’s website without using FreeShipping.com links.
You complete multiple transactions without returning to our website.
You contact a participating store to change, cancel, or return an order.
You fail to abide by the restrictions imposed by a participating retailer. To view a specific retailer’s restrictions, please click the cash-back restrictions link on that retailer’s FreeShipping.com page, or click the “Cash Back Restrictions” footer link on the member website.
You use an external coupon that was not found on a participating retailer's FreeShipping.com page at the time of your transaction. To ensure that your purchase will be eligible for Cash Back, only use the coupon offers found on a participating retailer's FreeShipping.com page.
You click on a participating retailer’s link from a different website or you have an external browser extension installed, thereby causing the purchase credit to be applied to the wrong website.
You have multiple tabs open for the same participating retailer, and your purchase is made on a page other than the one you opened by clicking on a FreeShipping.com link.
You make several purchases across multiple brand retailers while using a single shopping cart provided by a "parent" company to these various brands. (To be eligible for Cash Back, you can only make purchases at one retailer at a time when shopping through our links.)
You type a new address (URL) in the window that opened when you clicked on a FreeShipping.com participating retailer link.
Any of these actions would make your purchase ineligible for Cash Back.
Orders that are returned or cancelled will not be eligible for Cash Back.
Any order that is deemed a high-volume/reseller order, in FreeShipping.com’s sole discretion, will not be eligible for Cash Back. FreeShipping.com membership benefits are only available to personal, non-commercial purchasers.
Purchases of gift cards and/or e-gift cards are not eligible for Cash Back.
Purchases of Apple products are not eligible for Cash Back.
If any item in your order is purchased with a gift card, store credit or store "cash", that purchase, in its entirety, will not be eligible for Cash Back.
Purchases that contain items "shipped to store" are not eligible for Cash Back. To qualify for Cash Back, every item in your purchase must be shipped to a residential, non-retail location.
Purchases that are billed to a mailing address that doesn't match the mailing address registered in our member record are not eligible for Cash Back.
You can earn up to a maximum of $1,000 in Cash Back through FreeShipping.com each membership year. Once your total Cash Back earnings reach $1,000 during any membership year, you will not be eligible to receive Cash Back on FreeShipping.com purchases until the first day of your next membership year.
Any Cash Back earned through 20% Cash Back promotions will also count towards a member's $1,000 annual maximum in Cash Back earnings. Please note that all starts times and/or deadlines for these and other promotions use Eastern Time Zone (ET) hours. For example, if promotional material says that a 20% cash-back offer will end at midnight on a certain date, the offer will end at midnight ET on that date; any purchase made after midnight ET on the promotion's end date will not be eligible for 20% Cash Back.
Cash Back is applied to the sub-total amount you pay for a qualifying purchase, not including taxes and other charges. If your purchase price is reduced by any deal(s), discount(s) or coupon(s) from FreeShipping.com, the Cash Back offer will be calculated using the final sub-total amount you paid after all discounts were applied.
Cash Back earnings for any single qualifying purchase will be credited to your Savings Center account after we receive notification of your purchase from the retailer. Notification typically takes up to 7 business days, but it can take longer if the item you've purchased is on back-order. If a qualifying Cash Back purchase doesn't appear in your Savings Center after 7 business days, you must contact us within 30 days of the original purchase date to report the missing purchase. Failure to do so can result in that purchase being ineligible for Cash Back. You can review the status of any cash-back purchase at any time via your Savings Center account.
As long as you're eligible, you will receive a Cash Back payout each month. The payout will cover the total amount of 10% Cash Back you've earned in the previous month. Please allow 2-3 weeks after the end of each month to process your payment.
As long as you make your qualifying purchase(s) while you're an active member of FreeShipping.com, you can still earn Cash Back on your purchase(s), even if you cancel your membership after your purchase(s).
COUPONS
Members can take advantage of coupons for over 1,000 online retailers to save on shipping costs and/or receive additional savings on purchases made through the FreeShipping.com website at our participating retailers, subject to the following terms and conditions:
Purchases made using coupons or coupon codes that are not displayed on a participating retailer's FreeShipping.com page at the time of your transaction may not be eligible for Cash Back. To ensure that your purchase will be eligible for Cash Back, only use the coupon offers found on a participating retailer's FreeShipping.com page.
For a purchase to be eligible for instant free shipping, you must follow the specific link provided. Purchases made at a retailer that were not initiated via a link from our website will not be honored.
Some instant free shipping and discount offers may require the use of a coupon code to be entered during the checkout process.
A retailer's status as an instant free shipping retailer may change without notice.
Instant free shipping offers will vary, and they may not include shipping method upgrades, handling charges, insurance, or any other shipment-related charges.
Coupon offer expiration dates will vary and are subject to change without notice.
Certain restrictions may apply to coupon offers; these restrictions are displayed when the "Visit Store" button on the specific retailer's coupon is clicked.
SHIPPING REBATES
Members can receive rebates for the shipping costs incurred on purchases made while shopping at over 1,000 retailers in our Cash Back network and hundreds of additional retailers that can be accessed through the FreeShipping.com website. Claims are subject to the following terms and procedures:
For a purchase to be eligible for a shipping rebate, you must follow a retailer's link on FreeShipping.com. Purchases that were not initiated via links from our website will not be eligible for shipping rebates. Eligible purchases will appear in the "Shopping History" dropdown menu of the Shipping Rebates form under the "Rebates" tab.
Only purchases made at the online retailers listed in the FreeShipping.com directory are eligible for rebates.
You must provide valid proof of the shipping and handling charges you paid by including either the order confirmation, the original sales receipt, or a packing slip displaying the price, retailer information, shipping charges, and sales date with your claim.
For a purchase to be eligible for a shipping rebate, the billing address on the order confirmation, original sales receipt, and/or packing slip must match the mailing address you've registered in our member record.
A retailer's status as a participant of FreeShipping.com's network may change without notice.
Claims must be made (and documentation received) within 30 days of the date of purchase.
Up to $10 can be claimed per order; there is a $500 maximum per membership year.
Duplicate claims are not allowed.
Only one claim per order is eligible for a shipping rebate.
Claims cannot be made on orders that have been cancelled.
You must have a current mailing address on file in order to receive your payout.
For a purchase to be eligible for a shipping rebate, you must be an active member when you make the purchase.
The order confirmation, original sales receipt, or packing slip with the price, retailer information, shipping and handling charges, billing address, and sales date must be provided.
You must complete and submit the claim form found under the "Rebates" tab on this site and send the required documentation to
[email protected]
.
Upon receipt of your claim form and the required documentation, we will enter your shipping rebate claim in your Savings Center account. You can review the status of any completed rebate claim at any time via your Savings Center account.
Upon receipt and subject to verification, we will send you a payout in the amount of your approved rebate each month. Please allow 2-3 weeks after the end of each month to process your payment.
REBATE OFFERS:
All rebate offers are only good in the U.S. and Canada. This offer is void where prohibited, taxed, or restricted by law. FreeShipping.com is not responsible for lost, postage-due, stolen, illegible, garbled, or misdirected mail. Keep copies of all materials submitted; materials received become the property of FreeShipping.com and will not be returned. Only one introductory offer can be claimed per household.
WARNING:
Fraudulent submission of rebate claims could result in federal prosecution under U.S. Mail Fraud Statutes. It is your responsibility to immediately notify FreeShipping.com of any changes, errors, or cancelled orders once a rebate claim has been submitted. Failure to do so may result in the termination of your membership.
RETURN SHIPPING REBATES
For all qualifying online purchases you make while a member of FreeShipping.com, if you need to return the item for any reason, you're eligible for rebates on the shipping charges to return the item. You may make a claim subject to the following terms and procedures:
You must provide two forms of documentation with your claim:
Valid proof of your original purchase in the form of either the order confirmation or the packing slip; the document must display the price, retailer information, and sale and shipping dates; AND
The shipping receipt for the return shipment, displaying the date, retailer information, and price paid. USPS receipts that indicate the destination zip code are acceptable. (NOTE: If a return label is provided by the retailer, and the return shipping fee is deducted from your credit, please provide a copy of your statement showing the credit amount less the return shipping fee.)
For a purchase to be eligible for a return shipping charge, the billing address on the order confirmation and/or packing slip, as well as the billing address on the return shipping receipt, must match the mailing address you've registered in our member record.
Claims must be made (and documentation received) within 60 days of the date of the original purchase.
Up to $10 can be claimed per order; there is a $500 maximum per membership year.
Duplicate claims are not allowed.
Only one return claim per order is eligible for a return shipping rebate.
Up to twelve claims per retailer per membership year are allowed.
Claims cannot be made on orders that have been cancelled.
You must have a current mailing address on file in order to receive your payout.
To qualify for a return shipping rebate, you must be an active member when you make the original purchase and when you submit your rebate claim.
You must complete and submit the claim form found under the "Rebates" tab on this site and send the required documentation to
[email protected]
Upon receipt of your claim form and the required documentation, we will enter your return shipping rebate claim in your Savings Center account. You can review the status of any completed rebate claim at any time via your Savings Center account.
Upon receipt and subject to verification, we will send you a payout in the amount of your approved rebate each month. Please allow 2-3 weeks after the end of each month to process your payment.
Qualifying Purchases.
You may purchase the item from any online retailer. An online retailer is a business selling consumer goods to the general public on a regular basis via the Internet. This does not include membership organizations, charities, subsidized businesses, or subscription rental programs. We will only provide Return Shipping reimbursement not covered by the online retailer (e.g., if a specific retailer's policy for returns states that the retailer will pay the return shipping charges, return shipping will not be covered). Insurance coverage for return shipping of the item is not covered.
PRICE PROTECTION REBATES
If you make an online purchase and then find a lower price for the identical item, online or offline, within 90 days of purchase, you are eligible for a reimbursement for the difference in price, up to $100 per item, subject to it being a qualifying purchase and the terms as described below. You must supply us with valid proof of both the lower price and your original purchase, and claims must be submitted within 90 days of purchase. You must have a current mailing address on file in order to receive your payout.
Qualifying Purchases.
Purchases must be paid for in U.S. dollars and made at an online retailer selling consumer goods to the general public on a regular basis. This does not include membership organizations, charities, or subsidized businesses. The lower-priced product you find may be sold by an online OR offline retailer, as described above. The comparison product must be exactly the same as the product you purchased, must be available to the general public, and must be priced in U.S. dollars. The product has to have the same model number, size, color, description, features, warranty, guarantee, condition, and accessories (for example, a software package on a computer). Any item that is damaged, discontinued, refurbished, used, a demonstration model, not in compliance with local or federal laws, or sold at auctions or going-out-of-business sales does not qualify. Also, please note that if you find a lower-priced product on Amazon.com, that product must be sold and fulfilled by Amazon in order to qualify as a comparison product; a lower-priced product sold and/or fulfilled by a third-party merchant via Amazon cannot be used as a comparison product when submitting a price protection rebate claim.
Price Protection does not cover differences in price due to shipping, handling, taxes, rebates, coupons, or typographical errors. Any coupons, rebates, or other incentives available at the time of purchase must be taken into account when determining the price paid. For the purpose of comparing prices, we must assume all eligible rebates and incentives have been redeemed.
Exclusions.
Price Protection does not cover motorized vehicles, tires, food products, services, collectibles, one-of-a-kind items, live plants, animals, tickets, negotiable instruments, and gem stones. Items sold by eBay, Daily Deal Sites (such as Groupon), Social Media Sites, individual sellers, or other auction-type websites are not eligible. Products purchased for commercial use, professional use, or resale are not eligible.
You may make a claim subject to the following terms and procedures:
The original purchase must be paid for in U.S. dollars.
Claims must be made (and documentation postmarked) within 90 days of the date of purchase.
Up to $100 can be claimed per item; there is a $1,000 maximum per membership year.
Duplicate claims are not allowed.
Claims cannot be made on orders that have been cancelled or returned.
You must complete and submit the claim form found under the "Rebates" tab on this site and send the required documentation to
[email protected]
.
You must provide two pieces of documentation, including:
A sales receipt, packing slip, or order confirmation that shows the price, item, manufacturer, model number, retailer information, and sales date; AND
For the lower-priced item, a valid advertisement or printed copy of a web page that shows the price, item, description, manufacturer, model number, retailer information, and sales date.
For a purchase to be eligible for a price protection rebate, the billing address on the order confirmation, sales receipt, and/or packing slip must match the mailing address you've registered in our member record.
Upon receipt of your claim form and the required documentation, we will enter your price protection rebate claim in your Savings Center account. You can review the status of any completed rebate claim at any time via your Savings Center account.
Upon receipt and subject to verification, we will send you a payout in the amount of your approved rebate each month. Please allow 2-3 weeks after the end of each month to process your payment.
FOOD DELIVERY REBATES
Members can receive rebates for food delivery and service charges incurred on purchases made from our network of food delivery service providers. Claims are subject to the following terms and procedures:
Only purchases made at the participating food delivery service providers listed in the FreeShipping.com directory are eligible for rebates.
Eligible food delivery retailers will appear in Step 2 of the retailer dropdown menu when submitting a Food Delivery Rebate form under the "Rebates" tab.
You must provide valid proof of the delivery and service charges you paid by including a sales receipt of your order confirmation page or your order confirmation email. Receipt must contain order date, order total, delivery fee, and service fee.
For a purchase to be eligible for a food delivery rebate, the billing address on the order confirmation, or original sales receipt must match the mailing address you've registered in our member record.
A food delivery service provider’s status as a participant of FreeShipping.com's network may change without notice.
Claims must be made (and documentation received) within 30 days of the date of purchase.
Up to $5 can be claimed per order; there is a $250 maximum per membership year.
Duplicate claims are not allowed and each receipt may only be used one time.
Only one claim per order is eligible for a food delivery rebate.
Claims cannot be made on orders that have been cancelled.
You must have a current mailing address on file in order to receive your payout.
For a purchase to be eligible for a food delivery rebate, you must be an active member when you make the purchase.
The order confirmation or original sales receipt with the price, service provider information, billing address, and sales date must be provided.
You must complete and submit the claim form found under the "Rebates" tab on this site and send the required documentation to
[email protected]
.
Upon receipt of your claim form and the required documentation, we will enter your food delivery rebate claim in your Savings Center account. You can review the status of any completed rebate claim at any time via your Savings Center account.
Upon receipt and subject to verification, we will send you a payout in the amount of your approved rebate each month. Please allow 2-3 weeks after the end of each month to process your payment.
REBATE OFFERS:
All rebate offers are only good in the U.S. and Canada. This offer is void where prohibited, taxed, or restricted by law. FreeShipping.com is not responsible for lost, postage-due, stolen, illegible, garbled, or misdirected mail. Keep copies of all materials submitted; materials received become the property of FreeShipping.com and will not be returned. Only one introductory offer can be claimed per household.
WARNING: Fraudulent submission of rebate claims could result in federal prosecution under U.S. Mail Fraud Statutes. It is your responsibility to immediately notify FreeShipping.com of any changes, errors, or cancelled orders once a rebate claim has been submitted. Failure to do so may result in the termination of your membership.
THE TERMS OF SERVICE SET FORTH ABOVE AND
TERMS OF USE
MAY CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE.
Contact Us
MEMBER INFO
Sign In
About Us
Contact Us
FAQ
How It Works
All Retailers
LEARN
Terms of Use
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Cookie Preferences
Site Map
Reviews
Have A Promotion Code?
Become A Partner
CONNECT WITH US
Facebook
Instagram
©1999-2026 Clarus Direct, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Questions? Call
1-800-869-5597