Terms of Use & Service Agreement
Social gaming platform
Terms of Use & Service Agreement
Terms of Use & Service Agreement
IMPORTANT NOTICE: THIS AGREEMENT IS SUBJECT TO BINDING ARBITRATION AND A WAIVER OF CLASS ACTION RIGHTS AS DETAILED IN SECTION 7 BELOW.
Last Revised: December 10, 2025.
TERMS OF USE AND SERVICE AGREEMENT FOR RESIDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA WHO PARTICIPATE FROM ELIGIBLE JURISDICTIONS LISTED BELOW IN SECTION 5.
Welcome and thank you for visiting our free-to-play Funrize™ “social casino” website and applications related to it. This includes (not a limitation) www.funrize.com and any other website or application on which this Terms of Use and Service Agreement appears (each, a "website"). Our website iCounter-Notice Interactive online services are operated by A1 Development LLC, address: 571 S Washington, Afton, Wyoming 83110, USA  (“we”, “us”, “our”, "Company", or “A1 Development LLC”). This Terms of Use and Service Agreement (the "Agreement") applies to this website and any other service offered by Funrize. Certain services offered by us may be subject to separate terms of use, in which case, we will let you know what terms will apply to those services.
You acknowledge that Funrize™ Social Gaming Platform ("Funrize™") is a play-for-fun website intended for amusement purposes only. Funrize™ Social Gaming Platform does not offer “real-money gambling” or opportunity to win real money based on a gameplay.
Certain products, services, and digital content may from time to time be remade available to you for purchase through Funrize™ . If offered (except for in-game video avatars that we refer to as “Coins”) such purchases may be governed by separately-presented terms of sale or other policy, all of which when published on our website are incorporated by reference into and made part of this Agreement. From time to time, we may revise our Terms of Use and Service Agreement. The date of the latest revision is shown near the beginning of this document. you ought to note the latest revision date. When you see a later revision date, please again review our Terms of Use and Service Agreement.
We know that the privacy of your personal identifying information is important to you. We are diligent to protect that privacy as to all personal identifying information that you supply to us in the process of opening a user account and otherwise. For more information about our data protection practices, please read our Privacy Policy, which you can access it by clicking
HERE
.
The Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into and made part of this Agreement. The Privacy Policy explains how we process your personal information, and protects your privacy when you use the Funrize™ Service. Your access to and use of the Funrize™ Service shall be subject to our Privacy Policy. The Funrize™ Service is made available only to persons aged eighteen years or older.
PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. THIS AGREEMENT FOR THE FUNRIZE™ SERVICE IS A BINDING, LEGAL CONTRACT BETWEEN YOU AND A1 DEVELOPMENT LLC. BY REGISTERING FOR ACCESSING, BROWSING OR USING THE FUNRIZE™ SERVICE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT. BY ACCESSING, BROWSING OR OTHERWISE USING ANY PART OF THE WEBSITE AND/OR FUNRIZE™ SERVICE, YOU ACCEPT, WITHOUT QUALIFICATION OR LIMITATION, THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TERMS CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT. IF AT ANY TIME YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MAY NOT USE THE FUNRIZE SERVICE, AND ACCORDINGLY, MUST IMMEDIATELY TERMINATE YOUR USE OF THE FUNRIZE™ SERVICE AND THE WEBSITE. IF YOU REJECT THIS AGREEMENT OR THOUR PRIVACY POLICY OR OUR OFFICIAL AWARD RULES , YOUR ELIGIBILITY TO ACCESS THE WEBSITE WILL TERMINATE. NOTHING IN THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL AFFECT ANY NON-WAIVABLE STATUTORY RIGHT. YOU CREATE A BINDING, LEGAL CONTRACT BETWEEN YOURSELF AND COMPANY BY REGISTERING FOR, ACCESSING, BROWSING OR USING THE FUNRIZE™ SERVICE OR THE WEBSITE. BY SO DOING YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ IN ENGLISH, UNDERSTAND IN ENGLISH, AND AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT.
1. COMPLIANCE UNDER THE LAW APPLICABLE WHERE YOU ACCESS THE FUNRIZE™ SERVICES
By use of the website you have the opportunity to participate in entertainment video games, including but not limited to tournament competition games (contests, tournaments, competitions) and other no-prize games (hereinafter - entertainment video games) and other promotional games (hereinafter together – “game” or “games”). When you establish an account and thereafter on each day that you connect to the website, you can receive without payment, a daily allotment of Coins to enter the entertainment video games. You may also choose to pay an entry fee by buying additional Coins. ALL ENTERTAINMENT VIDEO GAMES ARE VOID AS TO PARTICIPATION IN ANY STATE WHICH PROHIBITS OR RESTRICTS SUCH ACTIVITIES. By your act of registering on the website or participating in any such activity you warrant and represent for reliance by us and our affiliates and our employees, agents and employees and contractors that you have checked the laws of the country jurisdiction from which you access the Funrize™ Services, and that with good reason you understand that such activities are not prohibited or restricted by the applicable law or by this Terms of Use and Service Agreement. You will not be entitled to any prize if the applicable law or this Terms of Use and Service Agreement prohibits or restricts Your participation in these activities. You are also not entitled to refunds that You may claim, or promotional prizes to which You may otherwise become entitled, in connection with the Funrize™ promotional games. In any event, you access and use the Funrize™ services at your own sole risk and acknowledge that we make no warranty regarding compliance under the law of any U.S. jurisdiction, and that no our representative has authority to make such a warranty.
2. TAXES
It is your obligation (and not that of Company) to pay all taxes imposed upon you, or upon your receipt of any gross or net winnings from the Funrize™ entertainment video games and promotional games, or upon your purchase of any property or service, by any taxing authority. It is your obligation (and not that of Company) to prepare and file all returns and reports required by the United States and any jurisdiction where you reside or from where you access the Funrize™ Service.
3. SALES OF PROPERTY AND SERVICES
From time we may offer for sale, goods or services that are advertised or posted on the website. The prices charged for them are subject to change as to all sales not final and fully paid at the time of the price revision. As to all tangible goods (or intellectual property fixed in a tangible medium) that you may buy, (1) to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THE PRODUCT IS MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGING. WE DISCLAIM ALL SUCH WARRANTIES AS MAY BE IMPLIED OR REQUIRED BY THE LAW OF ANY JURISDICTION, and (2) we shall be deemed to have fully performed our duty to deliver tangible goods when we deliver the goods to a common carrier, freight prepaid (or to a governmental postal service, postage prepaid) for shipment to You at the address that You supplied to us. You bear the entire risk of loss or damage in transit, misdelivery and non-delivery of the goods that You may buy from us. Prior to shipment we have the right to cancel any order and refund any payment based on a mistaken price quote on the website. Videographic “Coins” used in game play on Funrize™ entertainment video games and promotional games are not property that is sold.These avatars are intellectual property of  A1 Development LLC. They represent visually, game play entitlement. On gratuitous award and (as to Funrize™ entertainment video games) “purchase, the Coins are licensed to the Funrize™ user to whom awarded gratuitously and the Funrize™ user who pays for use of  the Coins solely in connection with that Funrize™ user’s account and solely in connection with initiating game play on the Funrize™ service.
4. CHANGES TO THE WEBSITE, THE FUNRIZE™ SERVICE, OR ANY NO-PRIZE OR PROMOTIONAL GAMES OFFERED THEREON
We may at any time change or discontinue any aspect or feature of the Funrize™ Service, including, and not limited to, content, hours of availability, and equipment needed for access or use. When using the Funrize™ Service, you may be subject to additional posted policies, guidelines or rules applicable to specific services and features. These may be posted online and notified to you from time to time (the “Policies”). All Policies are hereby incorporated by reference into this Agreement and made part of this Agreement.
5. ELIGIBILITY TO PARTICIPATE IN CONTESTS AND THE FREE GAME OF CHANCE PROMOTION
5.1. Excluded Jurisdictions
Entertainment video games and promotional games for which there is an entry fee and no prize of merchandise, money or other value useful outside the game are open only to persons who are at least eighteen years of age at the time of participation and are otherwise eligible in accordance with the posted rules specific to the game. No-prize games, involving any entry fee, and promotional games are available to persons who live in and participate from US excluding restricted states:
Washington, Idaho, Wyoming, Michigan, Nevada, Connecticut, Delaware, Montana, West Virginia, New York, New Jersey, Louisiana, Rhode Island, Tennessee, California. California residents may access the platform in Tournament Coins mode only
.
5.2. Other Terms of Eligibility
5.2.1 Notwithstanding any status as a paying participant in entertainment video games, no prize from the promotional game is awarded to winners who are younger than eighteen (18) years of age. This also applies to participants from any of the excluded states listed above or participants from a jurisdiction where the awarding of a prize based on the participant’s results in the promotional game is prohibited or restricted.
5.2.2 To be eligible to receive a prize, each entrant must be the registered owner of the email address identified in the entrant’s account with an internet service provider, and throughout the game will be eligible to participate only from that account and email address. An entrant’s participation from an email address other than her or his own, is void. Should there be a dispute regarding the identity of any winner, subject to all other eligibility conditions set out in this Agreement, the winner shall be the person in whose name the email account was opened. To avoid such situations, we will ask you to confirm your email when completing the registration process.
5.2.3 We will also ask you to go through the KYC procedure in the case if you want to buy additional Coins right before making the payment. The KYC verification process is required to validate your account information such as your name, address, DOB and SSN. Moreover OFAC screening will take place during KYC. Please ensure that your name is entered exactly as it appears on your Driver’s License or Passport and that you are using the most current address where you receive mail today. As long as all the information you provided is correct, we should be able to verify your details online. In some cases, your details may not be validated online. If your information cannot be verified online, you can reach out to Funrize™ Customer Support department for help. Sometimes, to complete the verification process, documents may need to be uploaded securely to us. Funrize™ Customer Support department is available 24/7 to provide verification assistance.
5.2.4 Our employees and agents, our content providers and advertisers, together with members of their immediate families and those living in their households, are ineligible to participate in any form of the games.
5.2.5 Your participation in the games is void wherever prohibited or restricted by law. All federal, state and local laws and regulations apply.
5.2.6 The Sponsor reserves the right in its sole discretion to disqualify without notice and to block from participation any participant who fails to comply with any part of this Agreement.
5.2.7 Giving a consent with our Terms of Use & Service Agreement, you acknowledge that in accordance with the mandatory legislation platform is not obligated to provide any refunds for any reason.
5.2.8 Participants will be subject to disqualification and/or blocking for (among other act) (a) misrepresentation of eligibility, (b) attempting in any way to impair the function of the website or third-party websites to which Funrize™ provides a link or to alter their functioning in any way, (c) utilization of a proxy to circumvent blocking of participation from other than the eligible states listed above, (d) attempting to commit any form of fraud in connection with any game, (e) failure when requested by us to furnish timely (and in any event within thirty days of our request) an affidavit or declaration of eligibility in form and substance satisfactory to us and that is legally binding in the jurisdiction of the participant’s residence or participation, (f) use of any message boards provided by Funrize™ in a manner that in our sole opinion is inconsistent with our message board guidelines set out in Terms of Use and Service Agreement, (g) participating in any game while using multiple email addresses or email accounts, and (h) any other act which in our sole opinion is inconsistent with the integrity of any game or the Sponsor’s goodwill or reputation.
5.3 Promotional Free Plays
5.3.1 From time to time, the Sponsor may, in its sole discretion, credit Eligible Participants with free-play credits or spins ("Free Plays") either
as a standalone promotional award or
as part of, or in substitution for, any prize awarded through tournaments, prize drops, missions, bonus wheels, or other promotional mechanics.
5.3.2 The Sponsor reserves the right, at any time and in its absolute discretion, to
designate the specific game title(s) in which the Free Plays may be used and
set the play level that will apply to such Free Plays.
5.3.3 Unless expressly stated otherwise in the applicable promotion, the Sponsor may impose, vary, or remove a maximum aggregate winnings amount applicable to Free Plays. Any winnings that exceed this maximum aggregate winnings amount will not be credited to the participant's balance.
5.3.4 All other SC Game Rules, including verification, eligibility, and redemption requirements, apply to the use of Free Plays and any winnings generated therefrom. Any attempt to misuse, transfer, or trade Free Plays, or otherwise circumvent these rules, will result in the forfeiture of the Free Plays and all related winnings, and may lead to account suspension or closure at the Sponsor's sole discretion.
CAUTION - ANY ATTEMPT BY A PARTICIPANT IN THE GAME TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE THE WEBSITE OR TO SUBVERT, IMPAIR OR COMPROMISE THE LEGITIMATE CONDUCT OF ANY GAME MAY BE A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL OR CIVIL LAWS. SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, THE SPONSOR RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SEEK REMEDIES AND DAMAGES, INCLUDING AND NOT LIMITED TO ATTORNEY FEES AND COSTS OF COLLECTION, FROM ANY SUCH PARTICIPANT AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT OF THE LAW, INCLUDING CRIMINAL PROSECUTION. “COINS” AND OTHER ENTITLEMENTS TO FUNRIZE™ GAME PLAY, AWARDED PROMOTIONAL PARTICIPATION ENTITLEMENTS, AWARDED PROMOTIONAL PRIZES AND FUNRIZE™ USER ACCOUNTS MAY MOT BE TRANSFERRED PERSON-TO-PERSON OR OTHERWISE. ATTEMPTED TRANSFER OF ANY OF THOSE RIGHTS OR RELATED PROPERTY SHALL BE BLOCKED BY THE FUNRIZE™ SERVICE AND WILL BE THE BASIS OF A TERMINATION OF THE APPLICABLE FUNRIZE™ ACCOUNT OR ACCOUNTS.
6. CHANGED TERMS
We reserve the right, at any time and at its sole discretion, by publication on the website, to change or modify this Agreement and/or the terms and conditions applicable to your use of the Funrize™ Service, or any part thereof, or to impose new terms, including, and not limited to, adding or increasing fees and charges for use of the entertainment video games. Except for Section 7 (Arbitration and Class Action Waiver) below, such changes, modifications, additions or deletions will be effective immediately upon notice thereof, which may be given by any means, including, but not limited to, posting a notice on the website, updating the date of this Agreement above, by electronic or conventional mail, or by any other means by which you obtain notice thereof. You should periodically check this web page for any changes to this Agreement. Any continued use of the FUNRIZE™ Service by yourself after the posting of any such notice will be deemed to constitute your binding acceptance of any such changes, modifications, additions or deletions. If any modification, change, addition or deletion to this Terms of Use and Service Agreement is not acceptable to you, your only recourse is to terminate your Funrize™ user account and by that act terminate the ongoing term hereof, Agreement and thereafter to from using and accessing the website. The version of this Terms of Use and Service Agreement published as of the moment of taking the actions by you is applicable to the respective actions. Nevertheless termination of your account, all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall survive such termination including among other provisions, sections 1 through 10 hereof, inclusive.
7. BINDING ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. IT MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT AND YOUR RIGHT TO A TRIAL BEFORE A JURY.
7.1. Initial Dispute Resolution
The Funrize™ Customer Support department is available to address any concerns you may have regarding the Funrize™ Service. Most concerns are quickly resolved in this manner to our customers' satisfaction. The parties shall use their best good-faith efforts to resolve any dispute, claim, question, or disagreement directly through consultation and good-faith discussions. Such good faith discussions shall be a precondition to either party initiating a lawsuit or arbitration.
7.2. Binding Arbitration
If the parties (you and  A1 Development LLC) do not reach an agreed-upon solution within a period of thirty (30) days from the time that initial dispute resolution is first initiated pursuant to the paragraph immediately above, then subject to the arbitration terms set out below. Either party (i.e. you or A1 Development LLC) may initiate binding arbitration as the sole means to formally resolve any disputes. Specifically, all claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement (including its interpretation, formation, performance and breach), the parties' relationship with each other and/or your use of the website shall be finally resolved by binding arbitration. The arbitration shall be administered by the JAMS in accordance with the provisions of its Comprehensive Arbitration Rules or Streamlined Arbitrations Rules, as appropriate, excluding any rules or procedures governing or permitting class actions. This arbitration provision is made pursuant to a transaction involving interstate commerce. Accordingly, the Federal Arbitration Act (the "FAA") shall apply to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability and formation of this Agreement, notwithstanding the choice of law and forum selection provided for in Section 8, below. The arbitrators, and not any federal, state, or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve all disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, or formation of this Agreement, including without limitation any claim that all or any part of this Agreement is void or voidable, or whether a claim or dispute is subject to arbitration. The arbitrators shall be empowered to grant whatever relief would be available in a court under law or in equity. The arbitrators’ report and award, including (not limited to) recommendation for equitable relief, shall be binding on the parties and may be entered as a judgment or order in any court of competent jurisdiction. Arbitration shall be initiated in and proceed in Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania. You and Company agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of any federal or state court sitting in Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania, in order to compel arbitration, to stay judicial proceedings pending arbitration, to confirm, modify, vacate, or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrators and to enforce equitable relief that the arbitrators do not have jurisdiction to award or enforce independently of a court. If in violation of your agreement to submit to binding arbitration, you should initiate a lawsuit against Company or any employee, agent or affiliate of Company, you hereby stipulate that no act of defense of the litigation, no matter how protracted, shall be deemed a waiver of the right to compel binding arbitration, or the right to resolve disputes between you and Company, by binding arbitration as hereinabove provided.
7.3. Class Action Waiver
The parties (you and A1 Development LLC) further agree that any arbitration and litigation allowed under this section 7 shall be conducted in their respective individual capacities only and not as a class action or other representative action. Accordingly, the parties expressly waive their right to file a class action or seek relief on a class basis.
YOU AND A1 DEVELOPMENT LLC AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
If any court or arbitrator determines that the class action waiver set forth in this paragraph is void or unenforceable for any reason or that an arbitration can proceed on a class basis, then the arbitration provision set forth above shall be deemed null, void in its entirety, the parties shall be deemed to have not agreed to arbitrate disputes, and the remainder of this Agreement shall survive and remain valid and enforceable.
Exception - Litigation Limited to Intellectual Property Infringements and Small Claims Court Claims Not Exceeding $5,000.
Notwithstanding the parties' agreement to resolve all disputes through preliminary consultation and thereafter by binding arbitration, either party may bring an action in federal court that only asserts claims for patent infringement or invalidity, copyright infringement, moral rights violations, trademark infringement, and/or trade secret misappropriation, but not, for clarity, claims related to the license granted to you by the Funrize™ Service under this Agreement. Either party may also seek relief in a Pennsylvania County small claims court for disputes or claims within the scope of that court's jurisdiction but not exceeding an amount in controversy if five thousand dollars ($5,000.00).
7.4. Changes to This Section 7
We will provide 60-days' notice of any changes to this Section. Changes will become effective on the 60th day and will apply prospectively only to any claims arising after the 60th day.
8. JURISDICTION AND APPLICABLE LAW
Interpretation of this Agreement shall be subject to the laws of the State of Pennsylvania, except to the extent that the Pennsylvania conflict of law rules would require application of the law of any jurisdiction other than Pennsylvania. If any court or arbitrator determines that the “Class Action Waiver” paragraph set forth above is void or unenforceable for any reason or that an arbitration can proceed on a class basis, then any and all claims arising out of this Agreement (including interpretation, claims for breach, and all other claims (including consumer protection, unfair games, and tort claims) shall be decided under federal law to the extent applicable under the Federal Arbitration Act, and otherwise under the laws of Pennsylvania. A1 Development LLC and you irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of state or federal courts sitting in Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania to resolve any claims that are subject to exceptions to the arbitration agreement stipulated under Section 7 of this Agreement or otherwise determined by a court of competent jurisdiction not to be arbitrable.
9. EQUIPMENT
You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining all telephone, computer hardware, computer software and other equipment needed for access to and use of the Funrize™ Service and all charges related thereto.
10. THE FUNRIZE SERVICE
We currently provide to our account holders, access to a rich collection of online video entertainment resources, especially tournament competitions. Not now, but in the future, these resources may also include communication and social networking tools, online forums, ladders, leagues, news, reviews, personalized content and branded programming. Certain services are presently provided free of charge. Other services, including participation in entertainment video games are free in that limited right to participate are granted to each account holder each day that the account holder connects to the website. Additional play in these entertainment video games is offered for sale. The Funrize™ promotional games may involve an offer of a premium to winners or successful participants. This bundle of free and paid-for content, services, competitions and other benefits is sometimes referred to as the “Funrize™ Service”.
To participate in our games, you will need to log in, provide certain information and establish a user account with the Funrize™ Service. An inactive user account with the Funrize™ Service is an account in which the user has not logged in for one hundred eighty (180) consecutive days. If your user account becomes inactive but is not terminated as provided for under section 16 (Termination) of these Terms of Use and Service Agreement, you will be subject to (and obligated to pay) a monthly inactive account fee. We may collect the inactive account fee by debiting any funds that you have on balance with us. The inactive account fee is $2.00 per calendar month or if applicable, part of a calendar month.
We endeavor to make your experience with the Funrize™ Service a pleasant one. However, we cannot always foresee or anticipate technical or other difficulties. These difficulties may result in loss of data, loss of personalization settings or other service interruptions. Therefore, you agree that the Funrize™ Service are provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. We do not assume responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, non-delivery or failure to store any user data, communications or personalization settings.
We reserve the right to change or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Funrize™ Service at any time. You agree that we will not be liable to you or any third party for any modification or discontinuance of the Funrize™ Service at any time for any reason or in the absence of a reason.
We reserve the right to limit, at any time and at our sole discretion, without giving explanations, temporarily or permanently, the ability to use certain promotional offers and loyalty features by specific users in case we determine any abuse from the user`s side.
Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information or content expressed or made available by “third parties,” including (among others) information providers, or any user of the Funrize™ Service, are those of their respective source, author(s) or distributor(s) and not of Company. We neither endorse nor are responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice or statement made through the Funrize™ Service and expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection such opinion, advice or statement.
Your use of the Funrize™ Service is at your own risk. The Funrize™ Service may include hyperlinks to other websites or services solely as a convenience to you (“Third-Party Sites”). We have no control over Third-Party Sites. We do not endorse Third-Party Sites. We are not responsible for any Third-Party Sites or the information, advertising, products, services, materials and privacy protection contained on or accessible through any Third-Party Sites. You agree that Company is not liable for any loss or damage which may be incurred by you as a result of the availability or your use of any Third-Party Sites or as a result of any reliance placed by you on the completeness, accuracy or existence of any the information, advertising, products, services or materials contained on or accessible through any such Third-Party Sites. Your use of any Third-Party Sites or the services provided by them shall be governed only by such terms between you and such Third-Party sites.
Some of the services provided by us on the website may be supported by advertising revenue and may display advertisements and promotions. In consideration of our granting to you, access to and use of the website, you agree that we may place advertising and promotions on the website. You further agree that the manner, mode and extent of advertising and promotions by us on the website are subject to change without specific notice to you.
11. YOUR USE OF THE FUNRIZE™ SERVICE
11.1 You must provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as requested in the website’s personal information forms. You must update your registration data to keep it current and accurate within a reasonable time after any change to that data.
11.2 Each individual user can have only one game account. The rule also applies to inactive accounts. Creating multiple accounts per person, family, home, computer or mobile device, payment system account or bank card is strictly prohibited. If you create a multi-account or attempt to create such an account, all your accounts may be blocked or suspended. Winnings may be voided and the use of the platform services may be subsequently denied.
11.3 The user undertakes to notify the administration that he/she has more than one account, if he/she notices such a fact. The user undertakes not to create a new account if he/she cannot restore the lost access to the existing account, wants to continue the game, while having an inactive account, or intends to make changes to the personal information of the existing account. Instead, the user must contact the platform administration via online chat on the site or email
support@funrize.com
or
dataprivacy@funrize.com
, submitting a request in order to resolve his/her issue.
11.4 The user is obliged to make purchases only from his bank account or bank card. In case of a violation of this condition, all winnings may be canceled and the amount of the last purchase returned to the original details. Purchases by third parties (friends, relatives or partners) are prohibited. This rule also applies to winnings. In case of violation of this paragraph of the rules, the account may be blocked without the possibility of recovery.
11.5 You must use the Funrize™ Service for only lawful purposes and in compliance with this Agreement. After the original date of this Agreement (i.e. April, 10, 2021) the Funrize™ Service may from time to time include interactive areas or services, such as chat boxes or message boards, in which you or other users may create, post or store content, messages, materials, data, information, text, music, sound, photos, video, graphics, applications, code or other items or materials on the Funrize™ Service. You are solely responsible for your use of such interactive services and must use them at your own risk.
11.6 You must comply with the following Rules of Conduct in connection with your use of the website and the Funrize™ Service. Whenever message boards & chat boxes that allow display or transmission of user-supplied content are provided, you must not post, upload, distribute or otherwise transmit through the website or any of the Funrize™ Service, any content that solicits or pertains to sale or other transfer of any of “Coins,” entitlements to participate in the Funrize™ entertainment video games or promotional games, winnings from Funrize™ games, or your or another person’s Funrize™ user account. Whenever message boards & chat boxes that allow display or transmission of user-supplied content are provided, you must not post, upload, distribute or otherwise transmit through the website or any of the Funrize™ Service, any content that may be defamatory, libelous, constitute slander or may be pornographic, indecent, lewd, calculated to disparage, harass or threaten or to promote racism or other forms of hatred, impersonating as to any person or entity, violates the privacy or publicity rights of any person or entity, misrepresents your affiliation with any person or entity, is fraudulent, is, encourages or constitutes instructions regarding any criminal offense, contains personal identifying information of any person, or infringes upon any copyright, trade mark, trade secret, proprietary right or other intellectual property right of any person or entity. (Music videos, videos and photographs can be an infringement if posted in the absence of written permission of the owner of the rights to them. Don’t post them on the website or Funrize™ Service unless you have written permission to do so from the owner of the rights). By your act of posting of any content on the website or the Funrize™ Service, you warrant and represent to us and our members, managers, agents and affiliates that all postings that you make will comply with these rules and that you acknowledge that prohibited postings may expose you not only to being barred from the website and the Service but also to civil liability to Company and others, and to exposure to criminal liability.
11.7 The Rules of Conduct in connection with your use of the website and the Funrize™ Service also prohibit your posting, uploading, distribution or other transmission to or through the website or any Funrize™ Service, of any malware or spyware, or that contain software viruses, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; or contain, refer to or comprise advertisement, unsolicited offers, promotional materials, pyramid schemes, bulk mailing of commercial advertising, charity requests, signature petitions, or promotional giveaways, contests and raffles.
11.8 The Rules of Conduct in connection with your use of the website and the Funrize™ Service also prohibit (1) removal, circumvention, disabling or damaging and otherwise interfering with security-related features of the website and the Funrize™ Service, and (2) reverse engineering, disassembly, decompiling and all other activities related to discovery of source code used in connection with the website and/or the Funrize™ Service or features that limit their use, or other actual or attempted piracy, and (3) actual or attempted modification, adaptation, creation of derivative works (all) based upon the website or the Funrize™ Service, and (4) the use of any so-called robot, spider, scraper, crawler, or other automated means to access the website or the Funrize™ Service, or to participate in any games distributed through the website or the Funrize™ Service, including (and not limited to) for the purpose of bypassing, disabling or overcoming measures used to prevent or restrict access to the website or the Funrize™ Service.
11.9 The above are examples of prohibited conduct. They are not intended to be exhaustive. Any conduct by yourself that, in our sole discretion , restricts or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying the Funrize™ Service is prohibited. We shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the content of the Funrize™ Service, including profiles and forums, to determine compliance with this Agreement and any policies and other operating rules established by Company and to comply with any law, regulation or authorized government request. We will make the sole determination as to what content is acceptable in our sole discretion. We shall always have the right (but never the obligation) to edit or remove any content at any time without notice, in our sole discretion. Without limiting any other rights or remedies of Company, any violation of this Terms of Use and Service may result in removal of the prohibited communications and/or suspension or termination of your user account and of rights to use and access the website and the Funrize™ Service.
11.10 You understand that, when using the website and the Funrize™ Service, you may be exposed to user-supplied content from a variety of sources. Company is not and shall not be responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to any such user-supplied content. You further understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to content that is inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable. If you do so, you should not use the Funrize™ Service. Company does not pre-screen or endorse any third-party or user-supplied content and is not responsible or liable under any circumstances for such content.
11.11 You understand that access to the Funrize™ Service may result in access to other users’ names, alias/nicknames, screen names, residential cities of the users and other information about the users that does not refer to the Personal information as determined in the Privacy Policy (“Personal Information”). However, if you have an access to any Personal information of the users which is protected by applicable data protection and privacy laws and regulations, you understand, acknowledge and agree that any Personal Information from other users constitute the confidential information of Company . You agree and promise not at any time to scrape, copy, aggregate, redistribute, alter, reproduce or re-use any user’s Personal information accessible through the website or the Funrize™ Service whether specific to any user or an aggregation of users.
11.12 We offer the FunrizeTM users the opportunity to participate in certain online entertainment video games and promotional games, some of which may have prizes for the winners. If you participate in such online entertainment video games and promotional games, you may be required to sign an Affidavit of Eligibility/Publicity and Liability Release and report as taxable income the value of any such prizes received by yourself. Certain conditions of eligibility to compete in the online entertainment video games and promotional games are set out in Section 5, above. Additional eligibility requirements are disclosed in the Award Rules.  You may access the Award rules of entertainment video games and promotional games with prize offers. Other rules may be disclosed in connection with each online no-prize entertainment video game and promotional game. If you do participate in the Funrize™ promotional game but you are ineligible to do so, the offer of a prize award will not apply to you and you will not be allowed to collect any prize. As a condition precedent to collecting a prize for which you are eligible, you may be required to provide information reasonably requested by us and (for prize awards of more than $600 as a calendar-annual aggregate irrespective of any purchases to which you may apply your prize award) information that by law Company requires to enable its preparation and filing of Internal Revenue Service Form 1099-MISC, Company will if required report the value of the prize to federal and/or state taxing authorities.
11.13. Please keep in mind that all links sent via any communication channels (including but not limited to emails and chats) are strictly private and should not be shared, as they contain specific autologin data. As a result, anyone who opens such links can be logged in to your account. Hence, don’t share and/or forward these links, emails, and/or messages to third parties, as other people may get access to your account.
11.14 The Platform reserves the right to determine and limit the availability of Promotional Entries (“PE”) for participation in specific games or game categories, including Live and Table Games.  Availability of PE may vary across games depending on applicable rules, promotional conditions, or other operational considerations determined by the Platform. The balance of PE available for use in the particular game will be dispayed before playing this game session.
12. TRADE MARKS, COPYRIGHT AND OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The Funrize™ Service and website are owned and operated by Company. All content, trademarks and other proprietary materials and information on the Funrize™ Service and the website, are protected by copyright, trade dress, patent, and trademark laws, international conventions, and all other relevant intellectual property and proprietary rights, and applicable laws (including laws of your country of residence) are protected by copyright, trade dress, patent, and trademark laws, international conventions, and all other relevant intellectual property and proprietary rights, and applicable laws (including laws of your country of residence). Such proprietary materials include (as examples, not limitations) Company logos, the website visual interfaces, graphics, design, compilation, information, software, computer code (including both source code and object code), services, text, pictures, photos, video, graphics, music, information, data, sound files, other files and the selection and arrangement of all of them, and all other materials (collectively, the “Materials”) are protected as applicable by copyright, trade dress, patent, and trademark laws, international conventions, and all other relevant intellectual property and proprietary rights, and applicable laws. Company (together with its subsidiaries, affiliated companies and third-party licensors) own all rights, title and interest, including, without limitation, all copyrights, in and to any and all Materials contained on the Funrize™ Service and the website under copyright laws. Company and/or affiliates of Company own all rights, title and interest, including, without limitation, all copyrights, in and to any and all Materials contained on the Funrize™ Service and the website as a collective work under copyright laws and conventions. Company and its affiliates own a copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of such content, as well as in the content original to it. All Materials contained in the Funrize™ Service are the proprietary property of Funrize™ or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies and/or third-party licensors.
Company and the Company logos, including (not limited to) game titles and artwork associated with game titles, (the “Funrize™ Marks”) are the exclusive property of Company and or its affiliates and are protected by trade dress and trademark laws, international conventions, and all other relevant intellectual property and proprietary rights, and applicable laws. Company hereby expressly reserves all rights, including, without limitation, all trademark rights, in and to the Funrize™ Marks. Except as expressly noted in this Agreement, all other trademarks appearing on the Funrize™ Service are the property of Company, affiliates of Company, or their respective owners. Unless otherwise agreed in writing by Company, you agree that nothing in this Agreement gives you a right to use any of the Company Marks or any the trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features of Company, Funrize™ or the Funrize™ Service.
For the avoidance of doubt, and as a supplementation to the grant of license referred to in section 3 of this Agreement, you are granted only a limited, non-exclusive, terminable, non-sublicensable license (i.e. a personal and limited right) to access and use the website and the Funrize™ Service for your own personal use and no other use, provided that you acknowledge and agree that you do not acquire any ownership rights in or to the website, the FUNRIZE Service and/or the Materials or any of them by accessing or otherwise using the website and/or the Funrize™ Service. This license is subject to this Agreement and does not include any right to do any of the following: (a) any resale, transfer or commercial use of the Funrize™ Service or the Materials (or any of the Materials); (b) the distribution, public performance or public display of any Materials; (c) modifying, publishing, transmitting, participating in the transfer or sale of, creating or otherwise making any derivative uses of the Funrize™ Service or the Materials, or any portion of them, or in any other way exploiting any of any of the Materials, in whole or in part; (d) using any data mining, robots or similar data gathering or extraction methods; (e) downloading (except page caching) of any portion of the Funrize™ Service, the Materials or any information contained in them, except as expressly permitted on the Funrize™ Service; or (f) any use of the Funrize™ Service or the Materials except for their intended purposes. Except as otherwise permitted as “fair use” under United States copyright law, no copying, redistribution, retransmission, publication or commercial or non-commercial exploitation of the Materials will be permitted without the express written permission of Company together with any other copyright owner, if applicable. In the event of any permitted copying, redistribution or publication of copyrighted material, no changes in or deletion of author attribution, trademark legend or copyright notice shall be made. Any use of the Funrize™ Service or the Materials except as specifically authorized in this Agreement, without the prior written permission of Company, is strictly prohibited. Any failure by yourself, solely or in combination with others to comply with them may have legal consequences which may include violating applicable laws, including copyright and trademark laws and applicable communications regulations and statutes. Unless explicitly stated in this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted as conferring any license to intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication or other legal principles. The license granted to you under this Agreement may be terminated by us at any time, in its sole discretion. All rights not expressly granted in this Agreement are hereby expressly reserved by Company.
13. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
USE OF ANY OF THE WEBSITE, FUNRIZE™ SERVICE, ANY PRODUCT, ANY SERVICE AND ANY INFORMATION, CONTENT OR MATERIALS CONTAINED IN THE WEBSITE AND/OR THE FUNRIZE™ SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. NEITHER COMPANY, COMPANY’S AFFILIATES, COMPANY’S NON-AFFILIATED PARTNERS, AGENTS AND CONTRACTORS, NOR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE PARENT COMPANIES, AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, MEMBERS, MANAGERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, THIRD-PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS, SPONSORS OR LICENSORS (COLLECTIVELY THE “FUNRIZE PARTIES”) WARRANT THAT THE FUNRIZE SERVICE, ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE, OR ANY INFORMATION, CONTENT OR MATERIALS CONTAINED IN ANY OF THEM WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR FREE; NOR DO THEY MAKE ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE WEBSITE AND/OR THE FUNRIZE™ SERVICE, OR OF ANY PRODUCT, SERVICE, INFORMATION, CONTENT OR MATERIALS CONTAINED IN OR ACCESSED THROUGH ANY OF THEM, OR AS TO THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR CONTENT OF ANY INFORMATION, SERVICE, OR MERCHANDISE OR SERVICE (INCLUDING ENTERTAINMENT SERVICE) PROVIDED OR PURCHASED THROUGH THE WEBSITE AND/OR THE FUNRIZE™ SERVICE. ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED BY YOURSELF THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR THE FUNRIZE SERVICE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN SOLE DISCRETION AND RISK. YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE OR POTENTIAL DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE ACQUISITION OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.
COMPANY DOES NOT GUARANTEE THAT ANY PARTICULAR FUNRIZE™ SERVICE, ANY PRODUCT AND ANY INFORMATION, CONTENT OR MATERIALS CONTAINED THEREIN WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ALL TIMES OR AT ANY GIVEN TIME OR THAT COMPANY WILL CONTINUE TO OFFER THE SAME FOR ANY PARTICULAR LENGTH OF TIME. COMPANY MAKES NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF ONLINE PRODUCT OR SERVICE FEATURES. COMPANY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MODIFY OR DISCONTINUE ONLINE PRODUCT AND SERVICE FEATURES IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION WITHOUT NOTICE, INCLUDING FOR EXAMPLE (AND NOT FOR LIMITATION), CEASING AN ONLINE SERVICE FOR ECONOMIC REASONS DUE TO A LIMITED NUMBER OF USERS CONTINUING TO MAKE USE OF THE ONLINE SERVICE OVER TIME.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE WEBSITE, THE FUNRIZE™ SERVICE, AND ANY PRODUCT AND ANY INFORMATION, CONTENT, SERVICE OR MATERIALS CONTAINED IN EITHER OF THEM ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OTHER THAN THOSE WARRANTIES WHICH ARE BY STATUTE, NON-WAIVABLE AND ARE IMPLIED BY AND INCAPABLE OF EXCLUSION, RESTRICTION OR MODIFICATION UNDER THE LAWS APPLICABLE TO THIS AGREEMENT. THE FUNRIZE PARTIES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, STATUTORY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT AS TO THE WEBSITE AND THE FUNRIZE™ SERVICE, AND AS TO ANY PRODUCT, ANY SERVICE, AND ANY INFORMATION, CONTENT OR MATERIALS CONTAINED IN THE WEBSITE OR THE FUNRIZE™ SERVICE. COMPANY DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE FUNRIZE SERVICE, ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE, OR OUR SERVER(S) ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. ACCORDINGLY, YOU SHOULD USE AND EXCLUSIVELY RELY UPON INDUSTRY-RECOGNIZED SOFTWARE TO DETECT AND DISINFECT VIRUSES FROM ANY DOWNLOAD AND TO OTHERWISE PROTECT YOUR DATA AND COMPUTER SYSTEM. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOURSELF FROM COMPANY OR THROUGH THE FUNRIZE™ SERVICE OR ANY PRODUCT WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT. YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT AS USED IN THIS SECTION 13, THE TERM COMPANYINCLUDES THE “FUNRIZE PARTIES”.
14. NOTICES
We may provide you with notice by any means, including (without limitation) via email, text message, voice mail, postings on the website and Funrize™ Service, including among other means, by changing the revision date that is displayed under the heading of this Agreement. Notices emailed to you will be deemed given and received when the email is sent. If you don’t consent to receive notices electronically, you must stop using the Funrize™ Service. A notice that we give is deemed given even if it is intercepted by your spam filter and not actually read. Except for notices to unsubscribe, given in accordance with section 15 (“Indemnification,” below), except for notices given pursuant to Section 18 (Copyright Complaints) and Section 19 (“Other Provisions,” also below), all notices to Company shall be in hard-copy writing and shall be deemed sent, delivered and served only by United States Postal Service, Federal Express or United Parcel Service addressed to the correspondence address of Company: A1 Development LLC #90122 5830 East 2nd St. PMB 90122 Casper, WY 82609 (U.S.A.). Notices sent to Company pursuant to any section of this Agreement shall be deemed duly served and effective only on actual receipt by Company. Please refer to our Privacy Policy and our Award Rules for information regarding your privacy rights and prerogative under the Federal “Can Spam” Act to opt out of any program to send you information and solicitations by email and under regulations of the Federal Communications Commission to opt out of solicitations by voice telephone communication and text message.
15. INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Company and the Funrize Parties (identified by classification above, at section 7) and their respective suppliers, licensors and partners from and against any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities and expenses, including legal fees and expenses, resulting from or arising out of: (a) any violation of this Agreement; (b) any negligent or wrongful conduct; (c) your use, misuse and/or access of the Funrize™ Service; (d) a violation by yourself of any applicable law; (e) any content which you post, store or otherwise transmit in or through the Funrize™ Service; and/or (f) your violation of the rights of any third party; and any breach of the representations, warranties, and covenants that you have made in this Agreement. Company reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify the Funrize Parties or any of them. You agree to cooperate with defense of these claims by Funrize Parties, at your sole cost and expense.
16. TERMINATION
16.1. Voluntary closure of your Funrize™ user account
You may unsubscribe and close your Funrize™ user account at any time by sending an unsubscribe request to us at
support@funrize.com
. We will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt.
16.2. Latency Fees Upon Inactive Funrize™ User Accounts
An inactive user account with the Funrize™ Service is an account in which the user has not logged in for one hundred eighty (180) consecutive days. We shall have the unlimited right but not the obligation to terminate your account at any time while it is an inactive account. In so doing, termination shall apply to terminate your license. Unused account balances and passwords (all) without notice to you.
16.3. Termination for the Funrize™ User’s Breach of this Agreement
Among other rights of Company, it reserves the right to terminate without notice and at the sole discretion of Company, your license to use the Funrize™ Service and your accounts and passwords to the Funrize™ Service and to block or prevent your future access to and use of the Funrize™ Service for any reason (or without a reason). Some reasons for termination can be: (1) You are in violation of any provision of this Agreement, (2) You have acted in a manner which clearly shows that you do not intend to (or are unable to) comply with the provisions of this Agreement, (3) Company is required by applicable law, and (4) Company is no longer providing the Funrize™ Service to users in the state or other jurisdiction in which you are a resident or from which you use the Funrize™ Service. The foregoing termination prerogative includes Company termination or to suspension of your access to any purchased products or services. The introductory paragraphs and all sections of this Agreement that set out the rights of Funrize™ and limitations of your rights shall survive any termination of your access to the website.
17. EXPECTATION OF PRIVACY
Communications made using the Funrize™ Service shall not be considered private. Other than your Personal Information protected under the our Privacy Policy (see the preamble to this Agreement and sections 11, 12 and 14, above) you acknowledge and agree that you have no expectation of privacy concerning the transmission of any communications, including without limitation chat text or voice communications.
18. COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS
We respect the intellectual property of others. Accordingly, we ask our users to do the same. If you believe that your work of authorship has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, you must notify us of your infringement allegation in accordance with the procedure below.
As set forth in our Copyright Complaints policy, we will process and investigate notices of alleged infringement and will take appropriate actions under the United States Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the "DMCA") and other applicable intellectual property laws with respect to any alleged or actual infringement.
18.1. Notice of Take-Down Request
A notification of alleged copyright infringement is effective only when emailed to the Company Copyright Agent at: support@funrize.com with the email subject line : "DMCA Takedown Request". You may also send your takedown request by United States Postal Service, Federal Express or United Parcel Service to the correspondence address of Company: A1 Development LLC, (Attention: DMCA Takedown Request) #90122 5830 East 2nd St. PMB 90122 Casper, WY 82609 (U.S.A.). To be effective, the notification must be in writing and contain the following information: (1) An electronic or manual signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest regarding which the allegation is made; (2) A description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed: (3) A description of where the material that you allege is infringing is located on the website, with enough detail that we may find it on the website; (4) Your physical mailing address, telephone number and email address; (5) A statement by yourself that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law; (6) A statement or declaration by yourself, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are or represent the copyright owner or intellectual property owner or are authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner’s behalf.
18.2. Counter-Notice
If you believe that your User Content that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner’s agent, or pursuant to the law, to post and use the content on the website, you may send a written counter-notice containing the following information to the Copyright agent: (1) Your physical or electronic signature; (2) Identification of the content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the content appeared before it was removed or disabled; (3) A statement that you have a good faith belief that the content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the content; and (4) Your name, physical address, telephone number, and email address, a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal court sitting in Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania, U.S.A. and a statement that you will accept service of process of that court upon the suit of the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement. If a counter-notice is received by the Copyright Agent, A1 Development LLC will send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that we may replace the removed content or cease disabling it in ten (10) business days. Unless the complaining alleged copyright owner files an action in the Federal District Court sitting in Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania (U.S.A.) seeking a court order against the content provider, the removed content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in fourteen (14) days or more after receipt by us of the counter-notice, at our sole discretion of.
18.3. Repeat Infringer Policy
In accordance with the DMCA and other applicable law, Company has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at the sole discretion of Company, the account and access to the website of users who are deemed to be repeat infringers. We may also at its sole discretion limit access to the website and terminate the participation of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.
19. OTHER PROVISIONS
Warranty: Review of this Agreement
You warrant, represent, acknowledge and agree that you have and understand this Agreement, including, without limitation, all other provisions displayed on the website and applicable to use of the website and the Funrize™ Service. This includes and is not limited to, any supplemental terms that govern the entertainment video games offered in connection with the website, the promotional games conducted on the website and the use of certain specific material contained on the website. This also includes our Privacy Policy. Together, these provisions are the entire agreement between yourself and A1 Development LLC. These provisions supersede any previous written or oral agreements between these parties with respect to general and specific subject matter of this Agreement.
Restriction on Transfer or Assignment of this Agreement Applicable Only to Yourself
This Agreement and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by yourself. Any attempted or purported assignment or transfer by yourself shall for all purposes be null and void. However, we may hypothecate, sell, assign or transfer this Agreement or any part of or interest in this Agreement without restriction or notice.
Severability of Provisions adjudicated to be Unenforceable or Void
All provisions of this Agreement will be deemed severable: any unenforceability of any one or more provisions will not affect the enforceability of any other provisions or of this Agreement as a whole. In addition, if any provision of this Agreement, for any reason, is declared to be unenforceable, the parties to this Agreement shall substitute an enforceable provision that, to the maximum extent possible under applicable law, preserves the original intentions and economic positions of those parties.
Nonwaiver; Company Rights Cumulative
Any failure by A1 Development LLC to partially or fully exercise any rights under this Agreement, and any waiver by Company of any breach of this Agreement by yourself, shall not prevent a subsequent exercise of such right by Company or be deemed a waiver by Company of any subsequent breach by yourself of the same or any other term of this Agreement. The rights and remedies of A1 Development LLC under this Agreement shall be cumulative. The exercise of any such right or remedy shall not limit the right of Company to exercise any other right or remedy.
20. PRIVACY POLICY
A1 Development LLC, address: 571 S Washington, Afton, Wyoming 83110, USA  (“we”, “us”, “our”, "Company", or “A1 Development LLC”) operates at the Funrize™ Social Gaming Platform ("Funrize™") on the funrize.com website and funrize mobile application.
Our Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose your personal data and carry out the other operation with your personal information, whether you are using our website or mobile application, participating in entertainment video games, making a purchase of the Coins, or playing one of our promotional games.
DEFINITIONS
"Personal information" or “personal data” means any information that is linked or reasonably linkable to an identified or identifiable natural person. It does not include de-identified data or publicly available information.
"Process" or "processing" means any operation or set of operations performed, whether by manual or automated means, on personal information or on sets of personal information, such as the collection, use, storage, disclosure, analysis, deletion, or modification of personal data.
TYPE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect the following type of information:
email address and account login details, including your username  (alias/nickname) and password;
information we obtain from a third party, such as a site or platform provider (including Facebook, Google);
information sent bilaterally using text message, voice chat, calls, post or other similar methods of communication. All voice chats and calls you and our representatives may be recorded for training, quality control and compliance purposes and by continuing with any such call you consent to it being recorded.
location information, including location information provided by a mobile or other device interacting with our websites, or associated with your IP address, where we are permitted by law to process this information;
mobile or other phone numbers. You acknowledge that by providing your phone numbers to us, you expressly accept to be contacted at the phone numbers you provide. You consent to receive pre-recorded voice messages and/or autodialed calls (including text messages) by or on behalf of us;
your first name and surname;
residential address;
personal information such as date of birth, age range;
biometric identifier such as face geometry (selfie);
transaction information which you provide when you make a purchase, request to refund or otherwise use our website or contact customer service. We do not collect and process any information related to your credit cards, charge cards, debit cards, or any other card that you use to obtain, purchase, or receive the services on our website and mobile application. This information is collected and processed by the banks, financial institutions and other stakeholders to which you provide with the respective information when paying;
From time to time, we may request to provide us with the information to verify the card ownership and ensure that such a card has been legitimately used on our website or mobile application, in particular: bank verification letter which may contain a bank account number, photo of the payment card used for the transaction covering showing ONLY the first 6 digits and the last 4 digits, etc. We NEVER ask you to provide us with the information that may be used to carry out the transactions on behalf of the payment card holder or the account holder. Please note, if you provide such an information, YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE OR POTENTIAL DAMAGE THAT MAY RESULT FROM PROVISION OF ANY SUCH INFORMATION;
Internet or other similar network activity, technical and device information about your use of our website and mobile application, such as the time and duration of your visit, how often you use our services, your preferences and information about your interaction with the content offered, your hardware model, device type, other unique device identifiers, operating system version, browser type and IP address; and
passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, social security number where if it is required for the tax or other legal reasons.
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
General Rights
We respect the right to privacy and the importance of protecting information collected about every person who accesses our website or mobile application.
Pursuant to the law applicable to you and subject to certain conditions, you have a number of rights concerning the personal information that we process.
These rights include:
The right to opt out. If we process your personally information for the purpose of targeted advertising, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of personally identifiable information relating to you for the purpose of such advertising. This also applies to profiling, where appropriate, insofar as it is associated with such targeted advertising. You may opt-out of receiving commercial messages from us by following the instructions contained in this Privacy Policy.
The right to correction your personal information;
The right to access the personal information that we hold about you;
The right to delete your personal data and. Provided that some circumstances, you may ask us to delete the personal information that we hold about you.
To exercise the rights provided in this clause, please send an email to
dataprivacy@funrize.com
.
Depending on the request we may ask you to provide the additional information to identify you or to verify the request. We may also use a two-step process for requests to delete your personal information.
You may also exercise your rights by writing in the form of signed hard copy to the correspondence address of Company: Privacy Policy Administrator, A1 Development LLC, #90122 5830 East 2nd St. PMB 90122 Casper, WY 82609 (United States of America).
Pursuant to the legislation applicable to you and subject certain conditions, you have the right to complain to a supervisory authority.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are the California resident, you have the following rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA):
the right to know what personal information we have collected about you during the past 12 months;
the right to know what categories of personal information we have shared with third parties;
the right to delete your personal information collected (with some exceptions);
the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information; and
the right to non-discrimination for exercising your CCPA rights.
Read California Privacy Notice
HERE
.
To exercise the rights provided in this clause, please send an email to  dataprivacy@funrize.com.
You may also exercise your rights by writing in the form of signed hard copy to the correspondence address of Company: Privacy Policy Administrator, A1 Development LLC, #90122 5830 East 2nd St. PMB 90122 Casper, WY 82609 (United States of America).
Your Rights under General Data Protection Regulation No. 2016/679 (GDPR)
If you are the resident of the European Union, you have the following rights provided in the GDPR:
Right to be informed: the data subjects have the right to be informed about collection and use of their personal data.
Right to access: the data subjects have the right to view and request copies of their personal data.
Right to rectification: the data subjects have the right to request inaccurate or outdated personal information be updated or corrected.
Right to be forgotten/Right to erasure: subject to certain conditions the data subjects have the right to request their personal data be deleted.
Right to data portability: the data subjects have the right to ask for their data to be transferred to another controller or provided to them (where technically feasible).
Right to restrict processing: subject to certain conditions the data subjects have the right to request the restriction or suppression of their personal data.
Right to withdraw consent: the data subjects have the right to withdraw previously given consent to process their personal data.
Right to object: the data subjects have the right to object to the processing of their personal data.
Right to object to automated processing: the data subjects have the right to object to decisions being made with their data solely based on automated decision making or profiling.
To exercise the rights provided in this clause, please send an email to
dataprivacy@funrize.com
.
You may also exercise your rights by writing in the form of signed hard copy to the correspondence address of Company: Privacy Policy Administrator, A1 Development LLC, #90122 5830 East 2nd St. PMB 90122 Casper, WY 82609 (United States of America).
USING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use the personal information that we collect:
(1) to provide our services via website or mobile application.
(2) to administer the contest, tournaments, prize promotions and other advertising and promotional activities that we conduct from time to time (including prize notifications and prize deliveries), and
(3) to make reports and submissions to governmental agencies and branches, as required or permitted by law, and
(4) to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
(5) to compile market and statistical reports based on aggregated information (but the reports do not contain personal information), and
(6) to allow us to better respond to the individual needs and preferences of people who access our website or mobile application, and
(7) to invite you to participate in surveys, contests, competitions, tournaments and other promotions, and
(8) for data analysis, audits, developing new products and services, identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and
(9) to process transactions, including (not limited to) fulfillment of prize awards, and product and service purchases, and
(10) to improve customers service and our services, and
(11) to verify the card ownership and ensure that such a card has been legitimately used on our website or mobile application, and
(12) to contact you about our services and send the notices.
PROTECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We establish, implement, and maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical data security practices to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and accessibility of personal information. We have in place the appropriate measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information stored on our website.
To safeguard the confidentiality of personal information that we collect, we implement password protection and a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit or access your personal information. We use a secure server to protect your personal information and to prevent unauthorized access and disclosure. All personal information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer technology and then encrypted into our data base only to be accessible by those who are authorized with special access rights to such systems and who are required to keep the personal information confidential.
Our security measures are regularly updated.
PERIOD OF STORAGE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We store your personal information for the period of time required to fulfill the purposes of processing of the personal information determined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer period of storage is required by law.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information.
We may only share your personal information with the service providers and other third parties for the purposes of provision of the services via website or mobile application.
We may also share your personal information if this is required by the law subject of which we are and/or to comply with our legal obligations.
We may share your personal information only with trusted third parties who have contractually committed to protect your personal information in the same way that we do and who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, administering our entertainment video games and promotional games, preparing market and statistical reports, and conducting other contests or promotions or providing services to you, so long as those parties agree by enforceable contract to keep this information confidential.
BIOMETRIC PRIVACY POLICY (ILLINOIS RESIDENTS AND OTHERS)
This Biometric Privacy Policy is a part of our Privacy Policy and provided pursuant to the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act (“BIPA”) and other applicable laws that apply to the collection of biometric data. It also describes the purpose for which your biometric data may be collected, an applicable retention schedule, and guidelines for permanently destroying your biometric data.
Purpose of Collection. A1 Development LLC accesses to or collects your Personal Information which may include biometric identifiers and/or biometric information (collectively, “biometric data”) in connection with provision of the services. We may access, process, and store your biometric data for the purpose of verification services, fraud prevention and detection, and/or long-term proof of inspection of your personal information. A1 Development LLC does not interact directly with you with respect to collection of your biometric data. We involve the service providers and other third parties which provide the verification service in order to access, collect, process and store your biometric data. We do not and will not sell, lease, trade, or otherwise profit from your biometric data. You provide your consent to collect or process your biometric data by us and/or by the service providers and their third persons when you accept our Privacy Policy which includes as its part our Biometric Privacy Policy.
Retention of Biometric Data. BIPA states that biometric data must be destroyed at the earliest of 3 (three) years of the last interaction with you or when collection purpose has been met. Therefore, we destroy your biometric data, if any, upon termination of period required by law. We permanently destroy your biometric data, if а such data is in our possession:
(1) within 3 (three) years of your last interaction, or
(2) when the initial purpose for collecting such data has been satisfied, whichever occurs first.
TECHNOLOGIES THAT WE USE
When you interact with our website or mobile application, we take the measures that the experience will be simple and useful. We use industry standard identifiers, such as cookies or other similar technologies.
Our website or mobile application may use technologies to enhance your experience. These technologies are small files that are placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone or other devices when you visit a website. They allow us to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our website or mobile application.
The following are examples of these types of technologies:
"Session cookies" that are temporary and are deleted when you close your browser;
"Persistent cookies" that remain until you delete them or they expire.
We install a session cookie that expires when you log off your session or if you don’t log off, then two weeks after installed. We do not otherwise install persistent cookies or glifs.
In general, cookies, glifs and similar technologies do not contain personally information. However, when you furnish personal information through our website, this information may be linked to the non-personally information stored in cookies sent to your browser from the Website. Many browsers allow the user to block the installation of cookies. If you block cookies, you may not be able to make full use of our website.
We are not responsible for so-called cookies, web beacons or glifs installed by your accessing any website other than our website (a "third-party website”) even if the third-party website is accessed by a link through our website. You should review the third-party site’s privacy policy. Rather, inclusion in our website of any link to a third-party website does not imply our endorsement of the third-party web site our its content or the third-party privacy policy.
Behavioral Advertising
We or our partners may display advertising on our website or any application accessible via our website or manage our advertising on other websites. We or our partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on our website and other websites in order to provide you advertising based on your browsing activities and interests (“targeted advertising”).
If you wish to opt-out of targeted advertising please send an email to
dataprivacy@funrize.com
.
However, you can opt out and revoke your consent at any time by writing to our Privacy Policy Administrator in hard-copy form sent through the mail or by express courier to the correspondence address of Company Privacy Policy Administrator, A1 Development LLC, #90122 5830 East 2nd St. PMB 90122 Casper, WY 82609 (United States of America).
Please note we will continue to provide with generic advertisements by placing advertising and promotions on our website or mobile application.
Sometimes, at our discretion, we may include or offer links to third party websites. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. Therefore, we have no responsibility or liability for the content or activities of these linked sites. By participating in our entertainment video games and promotional games we deem you to have consented to our sending to you such announcements, via email and to our sharing information that we collect, as disclosed in this our privacy policy.
RIGHTS TO NON-DISCRIMINATION FOR EXERCISE OF YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your privacy rights.
COMPLIANCE WITH CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT
The rule of our Privacy Policy is that the children under eighteen (18) years of age are ineligible to use our website or mobile application.  We never collect or maintain information on our website from individuals we actually know are under the age of 18, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under the age of 18.
CONTACT FOR INFORMATION
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy and practices, please do not hesitate to contact us:
Email:
dataprivacy@funrize.com
Correspondence Address of Company:
Attn: Privacy Policy Administrator
A1 Development LLC, #90122 5830 East 2nd St. PMB 90122 Casper, WY 82609, United States of America
AMENDMENTS TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time to reflect changes in the legislation which is applicable and/or the way we work. We will notify you on the amendments and will obtain your consent if it required by the laws.
Any amendments to the Privacy Policy will inter into effect the date when the updated policy is posted on our website.
We encourage you to frequently check this page for any amendments to stay informed about how we are doing to protect your personal information.