Home - Terms & Conditions - support.gale.com
Skip to main content
Terms & Conditions
Cengage Learning, Inc.
Gale Sales Agreement Terms & Conditions
These terms govern your acquisition and use of Gale products and/or services (the “Offerings”) where acquired by a sales agreement or similar document which incorporates these terms by reference.
Offerings, Uptime.
Subject to the timely receipt of all required fees and conformance to the terms herein, Cengage shall make the Offerings available for use by Customer’s Authorized Users. An “Authorized User” means only (i) for public libraries: library staff, individual residents of the library’s reasonably defined geographic service area, and walk-in patrons accessing the Offerings on site; (ii) for schools and academic institutions: currently enrolled students, faculty, staff, and visiting scholars, as well as walk-in patrons accessing the Offerings on site; (iii) for other types of organizations and subscribers: employees, and independent contractors, in the capacity of their employment or engagement with the organization. The term Authorized Users excludes persons associated with corporate affiliates of the Customer unless those users are expressly identified in this Agreement. Cengage shall make the Offerings available for use by Customers’ Authorized Users. Cengage may with, or without notice, add, change, or remove features of the Offerings, at any time. Cengage will use reasonable commercial efforts to ensure that the Offerings are available on a monthly basis not less than 98.0% of the time, exclusive of scheduled outages, maintenance, and downtime that is outside of Cengage’s reasonable control. As Customer’s sole remedy for Cengage’s failure to meet the monthly uptime requirement, at Customer’s request, Cengage may provide a credit of the fee pro-rated for the month where service was interrupted, in Cengage’s sole discretion.
Use of the Offerings
Customer may permit its Authorized Users to access and use the applicable Offerings for their individual, personal, non-commercial, educational, academic, and instructional use, only. For Offerings access that includes a limit on the number of Authorized Users, Authorized Users includes individuals authorized to use the Offerings, regardless of whether any such individual is actively using the Offerings at a particular time. Customer shall not use or transmit the Offerings in any manner except as specifically authorized herein. Customer acknowledges and agrees that Authorized Users access to the Offerings may be conditioned upon their acceptance of, and subject to the Terms of Use (“Terms of Use”) then in effect, and that in such cases, failure or refusal to accept or abide by the Terms of Use may disenable access to the Offerings. Customer shall take all reasonable precautions necessary to safeguard against unauthorized access and/or use of the Offerings and prevent the “Prohibited Uses” defined in the Terms of Use and shall cooperate with Cengage to identify the source(s) of and, whenever possible, disable unauthorized access and/or Prohibited Uses promptly upon Cengage’s request. For Institutional Sales only, Customer shall be solely responsible for creating, hosting and maintaining Authorized User access to the Offerings whether by Customer’s website or learning management system or other method. Cengage may suspend Customer’s and/or any Authorized User’s access to the Offerings without liability if: (i) Cengage reasonably believes that the Offerings are being used in violation of this Agreement or the Terms of Use; (ii) Customer fails to cooperate with Cengage’s reasonable investigation of a suspected violation of this Agreement or the Terms of Use; (iii) there is an attack on the Offerings or either is accessed or manipulated by a third party in violation of this Agreement or the Terms of Use; (iv) Cengage is required by law, or a regulatory or government body to suspend access to the Offerings; or (v) there is another event for which Cengage reasonably believes that the suspension of access to the Offerings is necessary to protect the Offerings or Cengage’s other customers from imminent and significant operational, legal, or security risk. Cengage will give Customer advance notice of a suspension under this section of at least thirty-six (36) hours unless Cengage determines in its reasonable commercial judgment that a suspension on shorter or contemporaneous notice is necessary to protect the Offerings or Cengage’s other customers from imminent and significant operational, legal, or security risk. Cengage will not suspend access to the Offerings if the grounds on which the suspension are based are cured during the forgoing notice period.
Intellectual Property.
Cengage has the proprietary rights in and to the Offerings and Cengage owns all, right, title, and interest thereto, including all intellectual property rights associated therewith, throughout the world. Cengage reserves the right, without notice to Customer, to modify, alter, add, remove, cancel or otherwise change the materials embodying the Offerings, in its sole discretion. Cengage shall notify Customer of any such improvements or modifications via the Gale Support Updates page found at
https://support.gale.com/updates
, unless immediate modification is necessary to comply with legal process, regulation, order, or to prevent harm to Cengage, Customer, or any third party (including Authorized Users). Customer shall not, by virtue of this Agreement or by virtue of its access to the Offerings obtain any proprietary rights in or to the Offerings.
Warranties & Indemnities.
Customer represents and warrants that: (i) Customer has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to grant the rights granted hereunder; (ii) Customer shall not use the Offerings in any manner except as expressly authorized in this Agreement; (iii) Customer will not, nor will it permit any Authorized User to, use any content, data, or text in any form in the Offerings to text or data mine, or to develop or train any application, software, code, or data models, such as ChatGPT or other similar terms; and (iv) any Customer materials ingested into the Offerings by Customer or Authorized User, if any, do not infringe any right including without limitation any intellectual property right, or violate any proprietary, privacy, publicity or moral right, or contain any libelous, or unlawful matter; (v) Cengage and Customer acknowledge the challenges and complexities created by rapidly emerging technologies such as AI technologies and agree to mutually discuss the AI-related clauses of this Agreement annually and may in the future amend this Agreement concerning the use of AI with the licensed Cengage content. In the event a court of final authority in the United States determines that Fair Use (as defined in US Code Title 17 Section 107) of artificial intelligence tools encompasses broader uses than the limitations set forth in this Agreement, the parties agree to enter into negotiate in good faith discussions regarding a revision of the AI restrictions in this Agreement and the feasibility of revising them to accommodate such changed circumstances. To the extent allowable by law, Customer shall defend, indemnify, and hold Cengage and its distributors and service providers, and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents harmless against all claims, demands, suits, losses, costs, damages, and expenses (including attorneys' fees and costs) that Cengage may sustain or incur by reason of any breach or alleged breach of the aforesaid warranties of Customer or any of Customer’s other obligations under this Agreement.
Term and Termination.
This Agreement shall commence as of the date specified in this Agreement and shall continue in full force and effect for the duration of the Term.
Payments and Fees.
In consideration of the Offerings provided by Cengage to Customer, Customer agrees to pay the fee provided on this Agreement, plus any applicable shipping and handling fees, service fees, and applicable taxes. Customer shall remit payment within thirty (30) days of receipt of an invoice. Purchases are nonrefundable and cannot be exchanged. If Customer fails to make payment, Cengage may, without prejudice to its other rights and remedies suspend or terminate Customer’s (and Customer’s Authorized Users’) use and/or access to the Offerings. Customer shall reimburse Cengage for all reasonable expenses Cengage incurs in collecting past due amounts, including wire transfer fees, collection agency fees, reasonable attorneys’ fees, and court costs. Cengage may charge a fee for reinstatement of suspended or terminated service.
Limited Liability.
Neither Cengage nor its suppliers, nor their respective directors, employees, officers, or representatives will be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of or inability to use the Offerings, including but not limited to, any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, exemplary, or punitive damages, or any lost profits, lost data, or loss of revenue. Without limiting the foregoing, Cengage’s total liability will at all times be limited to the fees paid by Customer for use of the Offerings at issue during the immediately preceding twelve (12) month period.
Assignment.
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their heirs, and legal representatives and permitted successors and assigns, provided that the Customer may not assign this Agreement.
Confidentiality.
EEither party may disclose Confidential Information to the other party during the Term. "Confidential Information" means all information disclosed by one party ("Disclosing Party") to the other party ("Receiving Party") which is in tangible form and labeled "confidential" or the like, or that reasonably should be understood to be confidential given the nature of the information and the circumstances of the disclosure. Confidential Information will not include information that as shown by the Receiving Party's records was (a) already known to Receiving Party at the time of disclosure by the Disclosing Party; (b) was disclosed to the Receiving Party by a third party who had the right to make such disclosure without any confidentiality restrictions; (c) is, or through no fault of the Receiving Party has become, generally available to the public; or (d) was independently developed by Receiving Party without use of the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information. The Receiving Party will use no less than a reasonable standard of care to safeguard the Confidential Information received from the Disclosing Party. The Receiving Party will only use the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party to exercise its rights and perform its obligations under this Agreement, or as otherwise required by law, including any Freedom of Information Act or Public Records Act request. Neither party will disclose Confidential Information in violation of the terms and conditions of this Agreement to any third party without the prior written consent of the other party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party may disclose Confidential Information without the prior written consent of the other party: (w) to its regulators, auditors, accreditors, and consultants; (x) as compelled by law provided that, to the extent legally permissible, the Receiving Party gives the Disclosing Party prior notice of such compelled disclosure and reasonable assistance, at the Disclosing Party's expense, if the Disclosing Party seeks to contest such disclosure; (y) in confidence to its legal counsel; (z) in connection with the enforcement of rights or performance of obligations under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information expressly excluding Customer materials in confidence to its accountants, banks and financing sources, partners, providers and their advisors; and in confidence, in connection with an actual or proposed merger, acquisition, or similar transaction. This Section 9 shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.
Miscellaneous.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement, and supersedes all other oral or written proposals, negotiations and other communications relating thereto. In the event of a conflict between this Agreement, the terms, or other attachment hereto, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall prevail. No amendment of this Agreement will be effective unless it is in writing and signed by both parties. No waiver of satisfaction of a condition or noncompliance with an obligation under this Agreement will be effective unless it is in writing and signed by the party granting the waiver, and no such waiver will constitute a waiver of satisfaction of any other condition or noncompliance with any other obligation. Any terms of this Agreement that contemplate compliance or otherwise by their nature should extend after the termination of this Agreement will remain in effect until fulfilled. Except for Customer’s payment obligations, neither party shall be responsible for delays or failure of performance resulting from acts beyond the reasonable control of such party, including but not limited to, acts of God, acts of terrorism, strikes, walkouts, riots, acts of war, epidemics, failure of suppliers to perform, governmental regulations, power failure(s), earthquakes and other natural disasters. The terms of any Customer purchase order, invoice, or other similar document are null and void. The parties may sign this Agreement in several counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original but all of which together will constitute one instrument. This Agreement will be considered signed when the signature of a party is delivered by scanned image (e.g. as a “portable document format” or “PDF” file) as an attachment to electronic mail (email), and any such scanned signature is to be treated in all respects as having the same effect as an original signature, except that either party may require the exchange of original signatures.
Supplemental Terms – Only Applies if Customer is Procuring Gale Presents: Udemy Product
Instructor Interactions.
Cengage and its licensors disclaim responsibility or liability for any interactions between Authorized Users and the instructors of any courses included in the Offerings. Cengage and its licensors are not responsible for disputes, claims, losses, injuries, or damage of any kind that might arise out of or relate to conduct of instructors or Authorized Users, including, but not limited to, any Authorized User's reliance upon any information provided by an instructor. Cengage and its licensors disclaim any liability from any injuries that may occur arising from an Authorized User’s participation in any fitness, health, or wellness courses available through the Offerings. Cengage and its licensors do not control any third-party content accessible through the Offerings, and as such, does not guarantee in any manner the reliability, validity, accuracy or truthfulness of such third-party content. Customer also understands that by offering the Offerings, it may expose Authorized Users to third-party content that Customer or its Authorized Users consider offensive, indecent, or objectionable. Cengage and its licensors have no responsibility to keep such content from Customer or its Authorized Users and have no liability to Customer’s or its Authorized Users’ access or use of any third-party content, to the extent permissible under applicable law.
Restrictions on Use
Customer shall not permit Authorized Users to (a) copy, distribute, modify, or hack the Offerings or any contents thereof; (b) introduce any computer code, file or program that may damage or hijack the operation of any aspect of the Offerings; (c) scrape, spider, or other automated means of any kind to access the Offerings or any part thereof such as accessing api endpoints for which the user has not been provided authorization; (d) access or use the Offerings for benchmarking or similar competitive analysis purposes or in order to build a competitive product or service; (e) use the Offerings for any purpose or in any manner that is unlawful or that infringes the rights of others; (f) post or provide any inappropriate, offensive, racist, hateful, sexist, pornographic, defamatory or libelous content or information through the Offerings; (g) solicit personal information from any instructor or other student; (h) frame or embed the Customer’s instance of the platform upon which the Offerings reside; (i) share login access to the Offerings among multiple individuals or otherwise permit third parties other than users to access or use the Offerings or courses. In the event the Customer determines an Authorized User is engaged in any of the forgoing, the Customer shall inform Cengage and shall immediately disable the Authorized User’s access.
Supplemental Terms - Only Applies if Customer is Procuring Gale Presents: Excel Adult High School
License:
A site license subscription to Offerings entitles Customer to an annual seat allotment established at the time of sale. The seat allotment expires at the end of the subscription term and may not be rolled over to a subsequent term. Seat purchases by Customer are valid for a period of four (4) years from the purchase date; Authorized Users may enroll through that date.
Admissions:
Customer will permit Offerings access to only Authorized Users over the age of 18 years of age prior to the first day of class who have successfully completed the 8th grade at an accredited institution or homeschool. Authorized Users will further qualify for enrollment by successfully completing a two-week pre-requisite course with a score of 60% or better.
Branding:
Customer marks may appear alongside Excel High School and Gale-Cengage Learning in the library marketing and recruitment site for Offerings. In all other circumstances, Customer will not change or misrepresent the Excel High School brand as doing so potentially jeopardizes the accreditation of the Excel High School Adult Diploma Program and may result in a violation of the Gale Sales Agreement.
Code of Conduct:
Customer will work in good faith to ensure that Authorized Users comply with Excel High School’s Terms of Use and Code of Conduct. Authorized Users may be dismissed from the program for violation of these terms.
Leaves of absence:
. Authorized Users may take a non-activity leave of absence of up to ninety (90) days due to life events, natural disasters or acts of God. Authorized Users separated from the program longer than 90 days must start courses from the beginning due to the loss of learning associated with extended separation from coursework, thereby using a new enrollment slot.
Drops:
An Authorized User may be dropped from the program within thirty (30) days if a) the Authorized User does not log into the program curriculum (LMS), or b) other circumstances at the discretion of the Customer. If an Authorized User is dropped, Customer may fill that Authorized User’s enrollment slot with a new Authorized User.
Supplemental Terms - Only Applies if Customer is Procuring Gale Digital Scholar Lab
Definitions:
“Session” means the cycle of activities by an Authorized Users that starts when the Authorized User connects to a database and ends when the Authorized User connects to another database or exits Digital Scholar Lab either by logging out or by timeout due to inactivity. “Setup Fee” means the fee paid to Cengage by Customer for setting up and configuring Customer’s access to Digital Scholar Lab. “Source Content” means the primary source texts purchase from Cengage by Customer and which is made available for access and analysis through Digital Scholar Lab. “Subscription Fee” means the fee paid to Cengage by Customer for subscription access to Digital Scholar Lab.
License:
In consideration for the Setup Fee and Subscription Fee, Cengage hereby grants to Customer a non-transferable, non-exclusive, limited license during the Term to access and use, and to permit Authorized Users to access and use, Digital Scholar Lab for purposes of personal, non-commercial, academic Text and Data Mining of Source Content. “Text and Data Mining” means the performance of automated searches of Source Content, the sorting, parsing, addition or removal of linguistic structures, and the selection and limited inclusion of content into an index or database for purposes of classification or recognition of relationships and associations for non-commercial research purposes only.
Limitations on License:
Customer shall make reasonable efforts to convey appropriate use information to Authorized Users that:
Authorized Users may download, view and print and/or make paper or electronic copies of citations, abstracts, full text or portions of Source Content for educational research and personal non-commercial use only; Authorized Users may download up to 5,000 documents per session per content set. A sampling of 5,000 will be automatically selected if the document count exceeds this limit. This limit is enforced in the software itself, and terms and conditions are provided during the download process.
Customer and Authorized Users shall not use Digital Scholar Lab, or any output generated by Digital Scholar Lab as a component of, or a basis for, a directory, database or other publication prepared for sale, exchange, barter or transfer, rent, lease, loan, resold for profit, distributed, altered or in any other manner commercially exploiting any data or documentation derived from Digital Scholar Lab or the Source Content.
Authorized Users may distribute the outputs of Text and Data Mining, provided, however, that (i) where snippets and/or bibliographic metadata are distributed, they must be accompanied by a DOI link that points back to the individual full text article or book chapter, (ii) where images or text excerpts are used, Authorized Users are solely responsible for securing any intellectual property or other rights for reuse from the relevant rights holder, and (iii) the distributed outputs must include a proprietary notice stating “Some rights reserved. This work permits non-commercial use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.”
This license does not permit, and Customer shall not permit, Authorized Users to:
Use snippets of text from individual copyrighted full text articles or book chapters of more than 200 characters (excluding text entity matches or bibliographic metadata);
Abridge, modify, translate or create any derivative work based on the content included in the Digital Scholar Lab;
Remove, obscure or modify in any way any copyright notices, other notices or disclaimers as they appear in the dataset;
Substantially or systematically reproduce, retain or redistribute the dataset;
Extract, develop or use the dataset in any direct or indirect commercial activity;
Utilize the Digital Scholar Lab output to enhance institutional or subject repositories in a way that would compete with Cengage database products or any other Cengage product, service, and/or solution, or have the potential to substitute and/or replicate any other existing Cengage database product or any other Cengage product, service and/or solution;
Use any robots, spiders or other automated downloading programs, algorithms or devices to search, screen-scrape, extract, or index any Cengage website or web application.
Customer may provide electronic links to Digital Scholar Lab from Customer’s web page(s) providing that Customer may not allow non-subscribing institutions or any other third party to link directly or indirectly from Customer’s website to Source Content made available through Digital Scholar Lab.
Remote access to Digital Scholar Lab must not be made available online or via a workplace computer, except pursuant to this Agreement. Remote access shall be available for Authorized Users who remotely access Digital Scholar Lab for which proper security procedures are undertaken by Customer that will prevent remote access by unauthorized users. No provision of this Agreement is intended to constitute a substitution for an institutional license by a non-subscribing institution or any third party. Remote access rights are designed for the provision of services to licensed Authorized Users only and not rights for the users of a non-subscribing institution.
Cengage may suspend or terminate access to Digital Scholar Lab in the event Cengage (a) is required by judicial or governmental order to cease or suspend provision of Digital Scholar Lab, or (b) determines in its reasonable judgment to cease or suspend distribution of Digital Scholar Lab due to a threat of legal action or liability.
© 2026 Gale, part of
Cengage Group
TERMS OF USE
|
PRIVACY
|
SUBSCRIBE
© 2026 Gale, a division of
Cengage Group