| Gate 1 Travel - More of the World For Less!
Loading...
We use cookies to improve your browsing experience, serve personalized ads, and analyze our website traffic. To find out more, please read our
Privacy Policy
.
Essential
required
These are necessary to use our website and reservation system.
Analytics
These are used to collect data to measure and improve website performance.
Functional
These are used to personalize your preferences to enhance your browsing experience.
Marketing
These cookies allow our advertising partners to collect information and customise ads based on what you look at.
Accept
Manage
Accept All
Terms & Conditions
RESERVATIONS:
Please visit
gate1travel.com
, call Gate 1 Travel at (215) 572-7676 or contact your travel agent.
Minimum Purchase:
A minimum 4 nights hotel or 2 nights hotel plus airfare are required. Tours, ferries and local flights require a minimum 2 nights hotel at point of origin.
Passports and Visas:
Passengers are responsible for ensuring that they have the proper travel documents and MUST CHECK with the respective consulate(s) or visa agency to determine whether any visas or passports are required. Passports are required to be valid for at least 6 months beyond the dates of travel. Some countries require a full blank page in the passport for stamping purposes. Visit
gate1travel.com/visas.aspx
for more information.
Any information provided pertains to US citizens only. Non-US citizens should check with the respective consulate of the country(s) to be visited for current entry requirements.
Travel Protection:
Life can be unpredictable. Even the best-planned trips can be impacted by the unexpected. And that is why we recommend that you help protect yourself and your investment by purchasing Travel Protection for your Gate 1 trip. Travel Protection can help with medical coverage for illness or injury, trip cancellation and/or interruption, baggage loss, medical evacuation, and more. At any time before you complete Final Payment, you may choose to purchase Travel Protection. The protection plan premium is non-refundable after a 10-day review period. In addition, you must be medically able to travel at the time the premium is paid. For a summary of the plan details on coverages, benefits, limitations and exclusions, please refer to the Description of Coverage by visiting
gate1travel.com/insurance/
.
Cancel For Any Reason Waiver (CFAR):
The Cancel for Any Reason Waiver Benefit is a non-insurance feature that allows you to cancel up to 72 hours before your scheduled departure for any reason not otherwise covered in the Travel Protection Plan. CFAR must be purchased at the same time as the Travel Protection Plan. Independent or escorted tour reservations will be eligible for a future travel credit equal to the full cost of your trip, less the cost of initial deposit, airline-assessed fees, amendment fees, and insurance premium. Sea or river cruise reservations will be eligible for a future travel credit equal to 50% of the cost of your trip, less the cost of initial trip deposit, airline-assessed fees, amendment fees, and insurance premium. All CFAR credits are valid for a period of two years from the original date of travel. CFAR Credits have no cash value and are not transferrable. Airline-assessed fees are generally $300 per person, but may be as much as fully non-refundable. Some non-refundable airline tickets may retain value, less airline-assessed fees. Your future air credit must be used to book with the same airline. Deadlines to rebook and complete travel vary by airline and may be as early as 12 months from when the tickets were originally issued (not the date of travel). For details, visit
www.gate1travel.com/insurance/
.
Documents
: Provided full payment is received no later than your Final Payment Due date, documents will be sent via email 21 days prior to the onset of services. If paper documents are requested when e-documents are available, documents will be delivered via FedEx approximately 14-21 days prior, and a fee of $30 will apply. A complete street address is required (no PO boxes).
Children:
All children under 18 must be accompanied by an adult. The minimum age requirements for children are as follows:
Escorted & Deluxe Tours: Minimum age is 8.
Discovery Tours: Minimum age is 12.
European River Cruise programs: Minimum age is 16.
Walking Tours: Minimum age is 16.
Custom Group Tours: Minimum age is 8.
Rwanda and Uganda programs: Minimum age is 15.
Antarctica programs: Minimum age is 12.
Independent Galapagos programs: Minimum age is 8.
Independent Iceland Northern Lights programs: Minimum age is 6.
Discounts for children sharing a room as a third occupant may apply to children under 12. Most hotels do not permit children under 18 to occupy a room without an adult. It is the responsibility of accompanying adults to ensure the safety of their children, including providing necessary safety equipment (such as infant/child seats) when needed. Please note that many countries have adopted practices to prevent international child abductions. If a person under the age of 18 will be traveling with an adult other than their parents or with only one parent, a notarized letter, written by the parents or non-traveling parent, granting authorization to travel, including the dates of travel, should be carried.
PRICES:
Prices are per person based upon shared twin room occupancy. Prices do not include items of a personal nature such as laundry, wines, water, beverages, food other than the table d'hote menu, passport and visa fees, insurance, and foreign port taxes unless specifically indicated in the package inclusions. Prices are correct at time of publication; however, as airfares continually fluctuate and classes of service may have limited capacity, tour package prices and availability will change accordingly. If the price of an identical land package is lower than the price you paid (including any previously applied discounts), we may issue the difference as a travel credit. The credit can be applied toward any new escorted tour or river cruise booking and is valid for one year from the date of issue. In case of human or computer error, Gate 1 reserves the right to re-invoice for the correct price or service. A full refund will be made to passengers who choose not to pay an increase, provided Gate 1 Travel receives a written cancellation within five days of the price increase notification.
PAYMENTS:
Deposit:
A non-refundable deposit is due at the time of reservation *
All reservations (except where specified): $300 per person
Reservations with Antarctica, Armenia, Australia**, Canada cruises, Discovery Brazil, Galapagos cruises, Georgia, Greenland, India cruises, New Zealand, Norway cruises, or USA cruises: $500 per person
Reservations with Uganda: $800 per person
Reservations with Rwanda: $1500 per person
* Travel Protection (Insurance) premiums are not covered by the initial deposit. Insurance premiums may be paid at any time prior to or with final payment and become effective on the date payment is received by Gate 1 Travel.
Full Payment:
All reservations (except where specified): 90 days prior
Reservations with cruises in Antarctica, Canada, Greenland, Galapagos, India, or USA: 120 days prior to departure
Instant Purchase Airfare or Package: Time of reservation
Special Events, some customized groups and/or Sea Cruise sailings: Earlier payment as described on your invoice
Late Payment:
If there is any outstanding balance by the Final Payment Due date listed on your invoice, all travel services will be subject to automatic cancellation and cancellation fees will apply.
Last Minute:
All reservations must be made no later than 6 days prior to departure. If requested services cannot be confirmed, payment will be refunded. If services are confirmed, all applicable cancellation penalties will apply.
Form of Payment:
All payments due are in US Dollars. We accept payment in form of electronic check (e-check), personal check, wire transfer, major credit cards or debit cards. Payments made within 30 days of departure must be made by credit or debit card. Third-party credit cards are not accepted. Payments made by wire transfer must include an additional $25 wire transfer fee. There is a $35 fee for returned paper checks and a $15 fee for returned electronic checks (e-checks).
Refunds:
Refunds are processed to the credit card(s) originally used for payment, up to the total amount paid. Any remaining refund due will be paid by US Dollar check or ACH eCheck.
RESERVATION CHANGES:
Land or Cruise Package:
Prior to the final payment due date, a change of destination, departure date, or replacement of a traveling passenger, will be subject to a $50 per person amendment fee. Changes after the final payment due date will be subject to cancellation penalties.
Exceptions:
Changes prior to the final payment due date for reservations which include Antarctica, Argentina (except Tastes of Buenos Aires), Australia & New Zealand with Cairns & Ayers Rock Tour, Kaleidoscope of Australia, Canada cruises, Discovery Brazil, Galapagos Express Tour, Patagonia cruises, Peru Walking Tour, Rwanda, Uganda, or USA cruises will result in loss of full non-refundable deposit. After the Travel Protection premium has been paid, it cannot be removed.
Optional Services:
Changes to optional tours or airport transfers are permitted up to 7 days prior to departure and not subject to the amendment fee.
Airline Tickets:
Prior to ticket issuance, air may be cancelled without penalty and not subject to the amendment fee. Passenger name or flight itinerary changes require new air reservations at the prevailing price and availability. After ticket issuance, changes will be subject to airline assessed penalties.
Custom Groups:
Change policy may differ for custom groups, or group reservations with air blocks, and will be advised at the time of booking and included on your invoice.
CANCELLATION:
Cancellation:
All cancellations must be submitted in writing via "Cancel Reservation" located on the
Contact Us
page. Cancellation fees will be applied based on the date that the written cancellation is received and based on the following days prior to departure. Fees will be calculated as a percentage of the total amount received, excluding Travel Protection, previously assessed fees, and ticketed airfare. Cancellation of pre- or post hotel nights are subject to standard cancellation fees. Cancellation fees will not be less than the initial non-refundable deposit. If a passenger in a shared room or cabin cancels, the remaining traveler may become a single occupant and will be responsible to pay the applicable single supplement. The travel protection plan premium is non-refundable after a 10-day review period.
Cancellation Fees for all Reservations, except where specified:
Up to 91 days prior to departure: $300 per person
90 to 31 days prior to departure: 50%
30 to 2 days prior to departure: 90%
1 day or less prior to departure: 100%
Cancellation Fees for Reservations Uganda:
Up to 91 days prior to departure: $800 per person
90 to 31 days prior to departure: 50%
30 to 2 days prior to departure: 90%
1 day or less prior to departure: 100%
Cancellation Fees for Reservations Rwanda:
Up to 91 days prior to departure: $1500 per person
90 to 31 days prior to departure: 50%
30 to 2 days prior to departure: 90%
1 day or less prior to departure: 100%
Cancellation Fees for Reservations Armenia, Australia**, Discovery Brazil, Georgia, New Zealand, Norway cruises:
Up to 91 days prior to departure: $500 per person
90 to 61 days prior to departure: 40%
60 to 31 days prior to departure: 70%
30 days or less prior to departure: 100%
Cancellation Fees for Reservations with cruises in Antarctica, Canada, Greenland, Galapagos, India, and USA:
Up to 121 days prior to departure: $500 per person
120 to 61 days prior to departure: 50%
60 to 31 days prior to departure: 75%
30 days or less prior to departure: 100%
** Independent South Pacific packages only require $300 per person deposit.
Cancellation of Airline Tickets:
Once airfare is paid in full, either at time of booking for Instant Purchase Airfare or at time of full payment for Gate 1 Airfare, airline tickets will be issued. Issued tickets are subject to airline assessed cancellation and change fees and any non-refundable government taxes. If a cancellation is a result of a tour suspension or Cancel for Any Reason waiver benefit, issued ticket value will be converted into a Future Air Credit which can be used to book the same airline with a Gate 1 tour. Deadlines to rebook and complete travel vary by airline and may be as early as 12 months from when the ticket was originally issued (not the date of travel). Some non-refundable airline tickets may retain value toward new tickets, less airline-assessed fees, while others will forfeit all value. Future Air Credits may also be subject to additional airline rules including limited travel periods and eligible destinations.
Special Events & Products:
Cancellation penalties may differ for special events and custom groups and will be advised at time of booking on your invoice.
TRAVELERS NEEDING SPECIAL ASSISTANCE:
To ensure a safe and enjoyable experience, we recommend selecting a tour that matches your physical capabilities. Escorted tours are often fast paced and may involve extended walking over uneven terrain. Travelers requiring any special assistance, including those with disabilities, sight, hearing, or mobility impairments, are required to notify Gate 1 Travel at time of booking or as soon as conditions become known. We will review the tour requirements with you to determine the level of assistance needed and to ensure that the trip you have selected is suitable. Travelers who require assistance must travel with a companion who is fully capable of and responsible for providing that support. Gate 1 Travel, including tour managers, guides, drivers, and suppliers, cannot provide individual services such as assisting with walking, pushing a wheelchair, or helping with boarding and disembarking buses, cruise ships, or other vehicles. Travelers must be able to understand and follow the Tour Manager's instructions at all times for their safety and the safety of others. Gate 1 Travel reserves the right to decline or remove any participant if prior notification was not provided, or if, in our sole judgment, continued participation poses a threat to the health or safety of the individual or others or would significantly hinder the services to be provided to all participants. Any associated expenses, including cancellation fees or return travel costs, are the responsibility of the passenger. Unused services are non-refundable.
Americans with Disabilities Act:
The Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) applies only within the United States. Outside of U.S. borders, facilities and services for individuals with disabilities may be limited as hotels, transportation providers, sea and river cruises operators in other countries are not subject to ADA requirements. As a result, accessibility features such as ramps, wide entryways, or elevators/lifts may not be available to accommodate mobility devices such as wheelchairs, walkers, or motorized scooters.
Wheelchairs & Walkers:
USA Tours:
Pursuant to the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), Gate 1 Travel seeks to accommodate travelers with disabilities to the extent possible and consistent with the specific tour itinerary. However, certain tour features may not be fully accessible to individuals requiring a wheelchair, motorized scooter, or other mobility devices to participate. We are unable to provide individual assistance to travelers using such devices and regret that certain itineraries may not accommodate the use of such equipment. Passengers must inform Gate 1 Travel of any accessibility requirements prior to booking or as soon as such needs become reasonably known, so that we may determine whether reasonable accommodations are available. While Gate 1 Travel will make reasonable efforts to accommodate the special needs of our tour participants, we are not responsible if accommodations cannot be provided, nor for any denial of services by hotels, airlines, transportation providers, restaurants, sightseeing operators, or other independent contractors.
International Tours:
Wheelchairs, walkers, and motorized scooters cannot be accommodated aboard motor coaches, river cruises, or other forms of transportation and therefore are not permitted on international tours.
Service Animals:
Service animals are not permitted on international escorted tours. For USA escorted tours, travelers who require a trained service dog due to a disability must contact Gate 1 Travel prior to booking or as soon as the need becomes known. Please note that dogs providing only emotional support or comfort are not recognized as service dog and will not be allowed. Gate 1 Travel is not responsible for confirming that your service dog meets the necessary travel requirements, including documentation, vaccinations, and microchipping, for the destinations included in your itinerary. No refunds will be issued for disruptions to travel caused by incomplete or missing documentation or other entry requirements.
Airline Booking:
Gate 1 offers a choice of airlines and airfares for your convenience, but is not responsible for the services and policies imposed by the airline selected. Airline schedules and flights are subject to change without notice. Airfare purchased via Gate 1 is subject to each airline's terms and conditions. Airfare rules will apply to tours cancelled for any reason. Gate 1 is not required to refund airfare until refunded by the airline. Gate 1 Travel is not responsible for penalties incurred for tickets, international or domestic, not issued by Gate 1 Travel due to schedule and/or flight changes. Airline reservations completed online are subject to review and, should Gate 1 deem it necessary, may be rebooked to match minimum connecting time requirements and/or tour package itineraries, in which case you will be notified immediately.
Airline Contact Information:
Pursuant to TSA Secure Flight requirements, passengers are responsible to provide Gate 1 Travel with their full name as it appears on their passport (or other government-issued I.D. when traveling), date of birth, gender, address, phone number, email and redress or known traveler number (if available) for all passengers. Passengers must ensure that names are correctly listed on their invoice. Gate 1 Travel will not be responsible for passengers who do not receive an invoice or documents or are denied boarding due to inaccurate information.
Airline Name Changes:
Any name change including minor spelling corrections may require airline reservations to be canceled and rebooked. Reservations are subject to current availability and pricing at the time of rebooking. Once airline tickets are issued, subsequent name corrections will be subject to an airline rebooking fee which may be as much as the full value of the airline ticket plus a $50 revision fee per change. Gate 1 will not be held responsible for the denial of services by a carrier due to any name discrepancy. Name changes must be advised in writing at
www.gate1travel.com/contactus
.
Airline Taxes & Surcharges:
If you purchased airfare, airline taxes and surcharges are included. Prior to completion of full payment there is a potential for a price increase(s) due to increases in government-levied taxes and fees and/or increased surcharges. To avoid potential increases, you may choose to accelerate your final payment in order that your tickets may be issued. Once issued, airline tickets are no longer subject to potential increases but are fully non-refundable. Certain overseas domestic flights are subject to air taxes which can only be paid locally; in these cases, the specific flights and amounts of those taxes are indicated in our package presentation and pre-departure documentation.
Airline Tickets:
Once airfare is purchased, either at time of booking for Instant Purchase Airfare or at time of full payment for Gate 1 Airfare, airline tickets will be issued. Tickets, once issued, are subject to prevailing airline assessed change or cancellation fees. Please note that some airlines do not accept all major credit cards for payment of Published Instant Purchase Airfare.
Airline Seat Assignments:
As a courtesy service, airline seat assignments are requested on your behalf and, when available, are displayed in order of Passenger #1, #2 and so on. Assignments reflect the best available seats at the time of booking. Some airlines and/or fare types do not allow for pre-seating and require this be done at airport check-in only; in this case, the display shows "N/A". Seats are subject to change by your airline(s) including, for example, when there is a schedule change or equipment change after your initial booking; this may cause seat assignments to be changed or even cancelled. Some airlines offer preferred seating for an additional fee; these seats may only be purchased directly from the airline. You will need your family name and the 6-digit airline "Record Locator" which is displayed with the flight details on your reservation. In the event that you change seat assignments directly with your airline, changes will not be reflected on your invoice or documents. At the time that Gate 1 travel documents are issued, the currently assigned seats will be listed based on the assignments stored in your airline reservation at that time. Should you have questions regarding your assignments, please write to us at
www.gate1travel.com/contactus
.
Airline Frequent Flier Programs:
Passengers are responsible to contact their airline directly regarding mileage eligibility and accrual. Airline frequent flier programs determine whether to award miles in part or total based on their own rules which are updated frequently. Some discounted or promotional airfares as well as some code-share flights are not eligible for mileage accrual. Some private airfares, such as a "Gate 1 Travel Airfare", are not eligible for mileage or may qualify for reduced mileage, even if the same airline class of service is eligible for full mileage when sold as an "Instant Purchase" published airfare. Not all published airfares are eligible for mileage. Gate 1 Travel will record frequent flier numbers when provided by the passenger prior to travel documents being issued. However, the addition of frequent flier numbers to airline records does not guarantee mileage eligibility which is at the sole discretion of each airline. Airline schedule changes may result in flights which were originally eligible for mileage accrual no longer being eligible. We highly recommend passengers to provide their frequent flier account information whenever checking in online and/or at the airport check-in desk. After travel has commenced, it is often not possible to apply for frequent mileage credit. Passengers are also responsible to determine whether previously earned mileage may be applied to flights to secure upgrades.
Airline Schedule Changes:
In the event of an airline schedule change, Gate 1 will make every effort to inform passengers of the schedule change and new flight schedule prior to departure. Gate 1 is not responsible for schedule changes including, when applicable, changes in routing and/or the number of stops in the itinerary. Gate 1 is unable to provide compensation for schedule changes, seat assignment modifications, or cancellations implemented by an airline. In the event of any change in flight itinerary made directly between passengers and their airline, it is the passenger's responsibility to advise Gate 1 of amended flight details in writing at
www.gate1travel.com/contactus
. Gate 1 cannot be held responsible for land services, including arrival and/or departure transfers, if flights are changed without its knowledge.
Airline Baggage:
Checked bags are typically limited to a total dimension of 62 inches by adding length + width + height (example: 26"+26"+10" = 62"), and a maximum weight of 50 lbs (23kg). Smart Bags with a USB charging port, GPS tracking device and other high-tech features are prohibited as checked or carry-on baggage unless the bag is made with removable batteries and the batteries are removed and stored separately. For specific requirements of your airline and for a complete list of fees, please visit
https://www.gate1travel.com/baggagefees.aspx
. Many airlines apply charges for checked bags including flights which begin and end within the USA. The most inexpensive airfare options commonly known as Basic Economy airfares do not include any checked bags nor seat assignments before the day of departure. However, for some airlines, other airfare categories also do not include checked baggage. This will be clearly displayed in our airfare selection and on your invoice. Where available, we highly recommend selecting airfares which include at least 1 piece of checked baggage. Gate 1 Travel is not responsible for checked bag fees, excess luggage or weight charges levied by an airline. Checked baggage allowances displayed on reservation details and invoices reflect the applicable allowance at the time of booking but are subject to change by your airline(s). If your luggage is lost or damaged by the airlines, a baggage claim form MUST be filed with the carrier before leaving the airport.
Hotel Accommodations:
All rooms are standard twin-bedded (two single beds) rooms with private facilities. Room selection in all cases, unless otherwise reserved, is strictly at the discretion of the hotel's management on a run-of-house basis. Special requests such as bed types, smoking preference and connecting rooms are subject to availability. Triple rooms consist of standard twin beds or one double bed plus a sofa/folding bed or cot for third person except in the U.S. and Canada, where triple rooms often consist of two double/queen beds for three persons; a fee may be charged by the hotel for the addition of a cot/rollaway. Some single rooms are smaller than a standard room size. The number of persons accommodated does not dictate the room size.
While air conditioning is available in most hotels, we recommend checking the room amenities listed under the "Featured Hotels" tab of your package to confirm. Please note that many international hotels were built before central air conditioning was introduced. In those that do offer air conditioning, usage may be restricted, often due to government regulations aimed at promoting energy conservation. It's typical for air conditioning to be used only during the summer months, to follow a set schedule (sometimes turned off at night), and to operate at lower settings than what many Americans are accustomed to.
All hotel rates are based on Gate 1 Travel's agreements with its suppliers and are not negotiable. Hotel check-in time is generally not before 4:00 p.m. and check-out time is prior to noon. Please be sure that adequate arrangements for accommodations have been taken into consideration when a late night flight is being used. If a day room is included in the itinerary, check-out will normally be 6:00 p.m. We reserve the right to make substitutions with hotels of equal standard. There will be no refunds for any difference in the cost of those accommodations.
Hotel & Cruise Profiles:
Gate 1 Travel's hotel and cruise ship profiles are based upon information provided to Gate 1 Travel by hotel and cruise ship partners and their representatives, including images and descriptions of individual properties. Star-ratings may differ from country to country. Gate 1 Travel does its best to maintain current information, however is not responsible for any inaccuracies, changes in description details or amenities, or images provided by third parties.
Meals & Dietary Requests:
Included meals are based on the restaurant's set menu or buffet and usually represent local cuisine. Vegetarian meals are available in most locations, while vegan, protein-rich or gluten-free menus are rare. Special dietary requests, which must be selected in the passenger details section of your reservation, cannot be guaranteed. We are unable to provide meals in accordance with strict religious requirements, such as Kosher or Halal, nor can we accommodate specifically salt-free, high-protein or low-carb meals.
Transfers:
Transfers are provided as indicated in the itinerary for each tour, typically by car, minibus, or motorcoach provided airfare is purchased through Gate 1 Travel. If you purchase a land-only tour, transfers are generally available for purchase. If you deviate from the arrival and/or departure as stated in the itinerary and have booked pre/post accommodations through Gate 1 Travel, transfers are generally available for purchase. To allow for minor delays, your arrival transfer is guaranteed for up to one hour from your scheduled arrival time. Gate 1 Travel or the transfer company will not be responsible for flight delays beyond one hour from your originally scheduled arrival time, regardless of the cause. In the event of a delay exceeding one hour, whether due to flight delays, immigration or customs procedures, or time spent reporting baggage damage or loss, it will be your responsibility to make alternative transfer arrangements. Transfer costs are nonrefundable, and any additional expenses will be your responsibility. Gate 1 transfers are more expensive than hiring a taxi because they include round-trip service, or "dead-leg", meaning the driver must travel to your pickup point without earning a fare for that portion of the trip. In addition, airports, seaports, and hotels may require entrance or parking fees, and drivers may need to wait up to an hour. While Gate 1 transfer drivers are not employees of Gate 1, they are highly reliable, work with our clients year-round, provide a full welcome service, ensure you reach the correct destination, and are available to answer any questions during your ride. Passengers who are comfortable hiring their own transport and do not require assistance may save money by doing so.
Sightseeing & Itinerary:
Escorted tours are operated by motor-vehicle, its size dictated by the number of participants. Gate 1 tours have been designed to accommodate individuals as well as groups. The number of participants may vary during the tour, as Gate 1 Travel accommodates travelers arriving on different airlines and on different days of the week. Times listed in itineraries are approximate and meant only as guidelines. Some itineraries may have early morning start times for sightseeing in order to complete the touring during daylight hours or avoid afternoon heat in tropical and desert climates. It is your responsibility to arrive on time for all scheduled flights, cruises, and package components. Arriving late may be considered a "no-show", in which case you will not be eligible for refund for the unused service(s). We cannot guarantee the number of passengers who will be on any given tour. You may find that you are traveling with a sizeable group or only with your own companions. Services, however, will remain constant no matter the number of tour participants. On dates including, but not limited to religious holidays and national celebrations, some monuments and sites may be closed. On these occasions, touring itineraries may be amended to reflect these closures. Occasionally, during holidays and certain periods, and/or due to unforeseen circumstances including weather conditions there may be last-minute changes, sometimes after arrival, affecting the sequence of the tour, locations visited and/or hotels. Therefore, we reserve the right to adjust the sequence and/or substitute any hotels with others of similar category. In such cases there will be no cost adjustment. National monuments and tourist sites regularly undergo renovations, which can obscure the monument's view. No tour will be canceled due to renovations, however Gate 1 will decide based on the conditions whether to amend an itinerary. Gate 1 itineraries may contain suggestions for activities for your leisure time; these suggestions do not constitute an endorsement of any specific service provider and the decision to participate in any such activities should be made independently and with due consideration.
English Language:
Escorted tours are conducted in English only and all Tour Managers, local guides and hosts speak English. All commentary and instructions will be provided in English only. For maximum enjoyment and understanding, you must be able to understand, read and speak English.
Coach & Seat Rotation:
Gate 1 imposes mandatory coach seat rotation with no exception. Seat assignments are dictated by the Tour Manager. Depending on availability, solo passengers may be seated next to another traveler. Some buses are equipped with toilet facility, however they are strictly intended for emergency use only and often require the vehicle to stop for safety reasons before use. Persons requiring any assistance or who have any form of disability should refer to section "Travelers Needing Special Assistance".
Rail:
Once full payment is received, Gate 1 will select train times, rail tickets will be issued and are fully non-refundable. Except where requested in writing prior to final payment, rail tickets will typically be reserved for departures between 9 am and 12 noon, subject to availability. For passengers traveling independently, requests for alternative times will be considered but are strictly subject to availability. Passengers traveling with a group may not request alternative train times. Once issued, rail tickets are valid for the dates and times specified. Some exchanges must be done locally at the station due to fare restrictions. Changes may be subject to local charges, fees, and fare increases. Once the booked train has departed, changes are no longer possible nor can amendments be completed on board the train. Gate 1 does not control seat assignments which are entirely at the discretion of the rail companies. Once rail tickets are issued they are fully non-refundable and non-changeable.
Car Rentals:
Gate 1 is not responsible for the services and policies imposed by car rental companies. It is important to review the details of your rental agreement provided locally. Car rental companies typically require drivers to provide a valid license, major credit card and meet a minimum age requirement. Additional fees may apply for changes in rental length, drop off location, additional drivers and optional additional insurance coverages. Passengers are responsible to become familiar with local traffic laws and road signs. Gate 1 is not responsible for any expenses, fines or administrative fees for traffic violations, damage to the vehicle, theft of items inside the vehicle or of the vehicle itself.
Optional Sightseeing Tours:
A limited selection of optional sightseeing tours are available for purchase at any time until one week prior to departure. Those associated with escorted and guided programs will be available for purchase locally based upon availability. Some optional tours require a minimum number of participants and may not be operated; in such cases, the tour company will attempt to notify you locally, and you will receive a full refund upon your return home. Optional tours may be conducted in more than one language.
Non-Operation of Escorted Tour:
Escorted tour packages are based upon a minimum number of participants. Gate 1 Travel reserves the right to cancel or reschedule any escorted tour or individual booking for any reason including insufficient demand or events beyond our control. Cancellation will be advised at least 45 days prior to the tour's departure, and all money will be refunded. Gate 1 Travel will not be held responsible for any costs relating to the issuance and/or cancellation of airline tickets or visa fees. Voluntary cancellations due to political instability, acts of terrorism, government intervention or US State Department warning will be subject to the above fees, provided the program is deemed (by Gate 1 Travel) able to continue.
Group Harmony:
To ensure the desired group synergy, Gate 1 Travel reserves the right to accept, reject or expel any individual who is deemed disruptive or incompatible with the interests of the group, including, but not limited to, (a) if it is reasonably believed that an individual is dangerous to others or to themselves; (b) has engaged in or threatening to engage in behavior that may adversely affect the safety, security, well-being or enjoyment of other individuals; (c) who are intoxicated and/or under the influence of drugs (d) who has failed or refused to follow Gate 1's rules and procedures or the instruction of Gate 1's employees or representatives. Expenses, including cancellation fees and/or costs for alternate travel plans or to return home, will be the responsibility of the passenger. All unused services are non-refundable. Gate 1 shall be entitled to recover from the individual any cost or expenses incurred by Gate 1 or its representative in the removal of the individual.
SEA CRUISES:
Cabin Assignment & Onboard Services:
Celestyal, Hurtigruten, and HX assignments are completed at the time of embarkation in a general cabin category on run-of-ship basis. Gate 1 cannot guarantee a specific assignment. Where applicable, requests for dining room seating will be accepted by the maître d'hotel on sailing day. Gate 1 will accept requests for dining time preference, but cannot guarantee confirmation prior to embarkation. Shore excursions may only be purchased aboard ship.
Ship & Itinerary Changes:
Cruise itineraries and ships are subject to change without notice. Furthermore, cruise ships may be chartered and/or departure dates canceled, in which case all monies will be refunded. Gate 1 Travel takes no responsibility for ship substitutions or itinerary changes imposed by a cruise line and is not responsible for any losses you may incur including the issuance and/or cancellation of airline tickets or visa fees.
Terms & Conditions:
Terms & Conditions governing the cruise component of a Tour & Cruise package apply to all customers sailing with each respective cruise company and may be viewed as follows:
Australis Cruises Terms & Conditions
;
Celestyal Cruises Conditions of Carriage of Passengers and Their Luggage
;
Holland America Line Passage Contract
;
Hurtigruten Passage Contract
;
HX Passage Contract
.
Medical Services:
Many ships do not carry a doctor or nurse onboard. Should medical attention be required, local services will be contacted. Resulting charges will be the responsibility of the passenger. Gate 1 and the cruise ship operator are not responsible for the services provided.
RIVER CRUISES
:
Cabin Assignment:
Depending upon the vessel, cabin numbers may be assigned at the time of reservation. Assignments are subject to change. We also reserve the right to amend cabin assignments onboard without prior notification. Shore excursions which are not included in the cruise package may only be purchased aboard ship unless an optional tour package is available for advance purchase.
Inability to Sail:
Neither Gate 1 Travel nor the owners or operators of the vessels shall be liable for delay or inability to sail or perform due to any condition caused by or arising from water level, inoperable locks, strikes, lockout, civil or labor issues, explosion, fire, collision, vessel breakdown or damage to the vessel, its hull, machinery or fittings. Neither shall they be responsible for issues caused by or arising from civil commotion, riot, insurrection, war, government restraint, requisitioning of the vessel, political disturbance, acts or threats of terrorism, epidemics or the threat thereof, inability to secure or failure of supplies including fuel, Acts of God, or other circumstances beyond their control. In such cases, part or all of the cruise itinerary may be operated by motor coach and accommodations provided by hotels. When the option exists, the operator will "swap ships" with another vessel sailing in the opposite direction. Crew, ship and cabin configuration may differ. If one of these options becomes necessary, Gate 1 Travel will endeavor to provide equal or similar services, however no tour will be canceled and no monetary compensation will be made for those changes.
Terms & Conditions:
Terms & Conditions governing the river cruise component of a Tour & Cruise package apply to all customers sailing with each respective cruise company and may be viewed as follows:
Century Cruises Passage Contract
(Yangtze River);
Douro Cruiser Shipping Company Terms & Conditions
(Douro River);
Exotic Heritage Group Terms & Conditions
(Ganges River); Monarch River Cruises Terms & Conditions (
Monarch Baroness
,
Monarch Countess
,
Monarch Duchess
,
Monarch Empress
,
Monarch Princess
,
Monarch Queen
);
Victoria Cruises Passage Contract
(Yangtze River).
Medical Services:
Ship's crew may be able to provide basic first-aid, however ships do not carry a doctor or nurse onboard. Should professional medical attention be required, local services will be contacted upon the passenger's request.
Health Requirements:
Please consult with your healthcare provider for up-to-date requirements. You may also check the Centers for Disease Control
(www.cdc.gov
) and/or the World Health Organization (
http://www.who.int/en/
) for their recommendations. Any required inoculations must be documented by clients' healthcare provider on a valid vaccination certificate, which must be carried as proof where necessary. Individuals with heart disease, chronic illness, physical handicap, advanced pregnancy, or mental illness should not participate in these rigorous travel programs. While traveling, illnesses can sometimes be unavoidable. If a traveler arrives feeling ill or becomes sick during the tour, they will be separated from the group and directed to either a local or virtual medical facility for diagnosis. This precaution is necessary to ensure the well-being of all travelers. The traveler may only rejoin the group after receiving written clearance from an accredited medical facility confirming they are fit to continue. All costs associated with medical treatment and related expenses such as additional hotel nights or transportation not included in the original itinerary will be the responsibility of the passenger. Travel protection plans will only consider coverage with service receipts provided by legally qualified health care facilities, and in accordance with policy terms.
Please note that some countries may require aircraft cabin insecticide treatment for in-bound foreign flights. A list of such countries is available at:
http://www.dot.gov/office-policy/aviation-policy/aircraft-disinsection-requirements
.
Travel Safety Advice:
At Gate 1, your safety and security are our top priorities. We maintain a strong network of tour managers, local offices, ground operators, and trusted partners to help us stay informed in the destinations where we operate. We closely monitor local situations, allowing us to make informed operational decisions to keep our tours running safely. While millions of people travel the world each year and enjoy safe and memorable experiences, it is important to remember that crimes against people and property can happen anywhere. To protect yourself, stay aware of your surroundings and avoid drawing unnecessary attention. As always, stay mindful of your personal safety and belongings, just as you would in your everyday environment. US State Department Travel Advisories: Before you travel, we strongly recommend visiting the U.S. Department of State's website at at
https://travel.state.gov/content/travel.html
for the most up-to-date travel advice regarding the countries you will be visiting. This site offers valuable information on topics such as safety and security, health precautions and medications, travel insurance, and additional tips for traveling abroad. If you reside outside the United States, please refer to your own government's travel advisory website for country-specific guidance. We also encourage you to review any safety information provided by us, our agents, or suppliers, either prior to departure or upon arrival at your destination. Additional helpful tips can be found on our website in the "Trip Preparation" section of each tour package. Even with careful planning, unexpected situations can still occur, so rest assured, we will be there to help and support you.
Luggage
(Airlines):
Checked bags are typically limited to a total dimension of 62 inches by adding length + width + height (example: 26"+26"+10" = 62"), and a maximum weight of 50 lbs (23kg). Smart Bags with a USB charging port, GPS tracking device and other high-tech features are prohibited as checked or carry-on baggage unless the bag is made with removable batteries and the batteries are removed and stored separately. For specific requirements of your airline and for a complete list of fees, please visit
https://www.gate1travel.com/baggagefees.aspx
. Many airlines apply charges for checked bags including flights which begin and end within the USA. Gate 1 avoids the most inexpensive airfare options commonly known as Basic Economy airfares which typically do not include any checked bags nor seat assignments before the day of departure. However, for some airlines, other airfare categories also do not include checked baggage. This will be clearly displayed in our airfare selection and on your invoice. Where available, we highly recommend selecting airfares which include at least 1 piece of checked baggage. Checked baggage allowances displayed on reservation details and invoices reflect the applicable allowance at the time of booking but are subject to change by your airline(s). Gate 1 Travel is not responsible for checked bag fees, excess luggage or weight charges levied by an airline. Nor will Gate 1 be responsible for luggage that is lost or damaged by the airline. If your luggage is lost or damaged by the airlines, a baggage claim form MUST be filed with the carrier before leaving the airport. We recommend that you use brightly colored luggage tags, straps or other identifiers to help you locate your luggage upon arrival or to describe it in the event that it is lost.
Luggage (Escorted Tours):
All Gate 1 escorted tour buses allow one piece of luggage per person, plus carry-on bag. Additional baggage will be subject to a handling charge of $100 per piece. As Gate 1 will not be responsible for loss or damage to luggage and personal belongings, you MUST report any loss or damage immediately at the time of the incident and obtain a written report from the local authority for submission to your insurance provider. Airline luggage allowances may differ and be subject to fees; for specific requirements and a complete list of fees, please visit
https://www.gate1travel.com/baggagefees.aspx
.
Weapons:
Are not permitted on any tour including, but not limited to, firearms, knives, mace, brass knuckles, and other weapons of any type.
Smoking & Illegal Drugs:
No Smoking of any kind (medical or recreational) is allowed on any transportation that is exclusively provided by Gate 1. This includes e-cigarettes, e-cigars or any other smoking device.
Tipping:
Complete tipping guidelines are provided with final travel documents and on each program's website presentation, Trip Preparation/At Your Destination section.
Emergency Contact Details:
It is recommended that you provide emergency contact details prior to travel. The reason we collect this information is to be able to get in contact with family or friends in the rare case of an emergency.
CUSTOMER SERVICE:
All customer service issues must be submitted in writing. Please notify us within 30 days following your return. Claims for refund of undelivered services must be accompanied by payment receipt(s) and local documentation. There will be no refunds for unused package tour services or features, including missed transfers due to airline changes and/or missed flights, unused meals, missed sightseeing tours, unused optional tours, unused entrance fees, and accommodations. Airline flight cancellations and delays for any reason are not the responsibility of Gate 1 Travel. Submit your claim directly to the airline. Gate 1 Travel does not guarantee airline response. Complaints regarding a hotel's standards or amenities should be addressed directly with the hotel's management. Refunds are not normally considered by hotels if they were not given an opportunity to address those complaints locally. Processing of claims will take up to eight weeks from the date Gate 1 receives relevant documents. Refunds are processed to the credit card(s) originally used for payment, up to the total amount paid, with any remaining balance paid by US Dollar check. These terms may not be changed by anyone other than an authorized representative of Gate 1 and must be documented in writing. Gate 1 Travel is not obliged to guarantee promises (written or verbal) made by local hotel staff, tour guides, or any other persons not under direct employment of Gate 1 Travel.
PASSENGER AGREEMENT:
All passengers are required to complete a Passenger Agreement prior to travel and, by so doing, formally accept Gate 1 Travel's Terms & Conditions, Release from Liability, Assumption of Risk and Binding Arbitration Agreement. Passengers booking online will be required to complete the Passenger Agreement at the time of booking. Passengers booking via telephone will be provided a verbal review of the Passenger Agreement which will be delivered via email shortly after the time of booking. Customers who are unable to receive and complete their Passenger Agreement via email may request the Agreement be provided via fax or mail. Travel documents will not be released without a completed Passenger Agreement. Gate 1 reserves the right to cancel bookings and return deposits without a completed Passenger Agreement.
RELEASE FROM LIABILITY:
Gate 1 Ltd., its shareholders, directors, officers, employees and affiliates, (collectively "Gate 1") does not own or operate any entity which is to or does provide goods or services for your trip including, for example, ownership or control over hotels or other lodging facilities, airline, vessel, bus, van or other transportation companies, local ground operators, providers or organizers of optional excursions or equipment used thereon, food service or entertainment providers, etc. All such persons and entities are independent contractors. Independent contractors may utilize the Gate 1 logo on signage or uniforms solely for identification purposes which does not signify Gate 1 ownership, management or control. As a result, Gate 1 is not liable for any negligent or willful act or failure to act of any such person or entity, or of any other third party. Without limitation, Gate 1 is not responsible for any injury, loss, or damage to person or property, death, delay or inconvenience in connection with the provision of any goods or services occasioned by or resulting from, but not limited to, acts of God, acts of government, force majeure, acts of war or civil unrest, insurrection or revolt, strikes or other labor activities, criminal or terrorist activities of any kind, or the threat thereof, overbooking or downgrading of accommodations, structural or other defective conditions in hotels or other lodging facilities, mechanical or other failure of airplanes or other means of transportation or for any failure of any transportation mechanism to arrive or depart timely or safely, diseases and dangers associated with or bites from animals, pests or insects, marine life or vegetation of any sort, dangers incident to recreational activities such as swimming, kayaking, sailing, canoeing, rafting, hiking, walking, bicycling, etc., sanitation problems, food poisoning, lack of access to or quality of medical care, difficulty in evacuation in case of a medical or other emergency, illness, epidemics or the threat thereof or for any other cause beyond the direct control of Gate 1. In addition, I release Gate 1 from its own negligence and assume all risk thereof.
ASSUMPTION OF RISK:
I am aware that travel such as that I am undertaking involves hazardous activities, with a risk of illness, injury or death which may be caused by forces of nature, animals, insects or flora, the negligence of Gate 1, or other persons and companies known or unknown, or of willful or criminal conduct of third parties. I am aware that weather conditions may be severe, adverse and/or unpleasant. I am also aware that medical services or facilities may not be readily available or accessible during some or all of the time during which I am participating on the trip. In order to partake of the enjoyment and excitement of this trip I am willing to accept the risks and uncertainty involved as being an integral part of my adventure. I hereby accept and assume full responsibility for any and all risks of illness, injury or death and of the negligence of Gate 1 and agree to hold harmless and release Gate 1 from claims of third party negligence.
I understand the physical requirements of the activity in which I will be participating, and I currently have no known physical, medical or mental condition which would impair my ability to participate in this tour or my safety in this activity, and I am willing to assume all risks that may be created, directly or indirectly, by any such condition. I hereby authorize Gate 1 or my local groundhandler or others to arrange for any emergency medical treatment and hospitalization as may be necessary for me because of participation in this activity without my further consent.
BINDING ARBITRATION:
I agree that any dispute concerning, relating or referring to this Agreement, the brochure or any other literature concerning my trip, or the trip itself, shall be resolved exclusively by binding arbitration pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. §§1-16, pursuant to the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules & Procedures of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (JAMS). Such proceedings will be governed by substantive (but not procedural) Pennsylvania law and will take place in Philadelphia, PA. The arbitrator and not any federal, state, or local court or agency shall have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, conscionability, or formation of this contract, including but not limited to any claim that all or any part of this contract is void or voidable. By agreeing to these terms and conditions, you (and we) are waiving our right to a trial by jury.
VOLUNTARY PARTICIPATION:
I acknowledge that I have voluntarily applied to participate on the trip designated on this application (or a trip which I may change to) and that I have read the description of the trip as it appears in the current Gate 1 catalog and supplements or brochures or website relating to the trip, together with all information contained in this application. I am voluntarily participating in this trip with knowledge of the hazards involved.
KNOWING AND VOLUNTARY EXECUTION:
I have carefully read these Terms and Conditions and the booking information sections of this document, and fully understand its contents and certify that I am 18 years of age or older. I am aware that this is a release of liability and a contract between myself and Gate 1 and agree of my own free will. By checking the Passenger Agreement box, I agree to these Travel Terms & Conditions and Gate 1's Release from Liability, Assumption of Risk and Binding Arbitration Clause for myself, each member of my traveling party and any minor children accompanying me.
PHOTOGRAPHIC RELEASE:
Gate 1 may take photographs or video of its trips and trip participants grant Gate 1 permission to do so and for it to use same for promotional or commercial use without payment of any compensation to participant.
CUSTOM GROUPS:
These Terms & Conditions apply except where modified in the Group Proposal and/or Group Confirmation
USE OF WEB SITE: WWW.GATE1TRAVEL.COM
Agreement between Customer and Gate 1 Travel:
www.gate1travel.com is offered to you, the customer, conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Your use of www.gate1travel.com constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices.
Liability Disclaimer:
The information, products, and services published on this web site may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically made to the information which appears here. The content of this site is not guaranteed to be complete, accurate, or available and may be changed at any time without notice. Gate 1 Travel may make improvements or changes on this web site at any time. In no event shall Gate 1 be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, or consequential damages arising out of, or in any way connected with, the use of this web site, or for any information, products, and services obtained through this web site, or otherwise arising out of the use of this web site.
USE OF AI ASSISTANT
AI Assistant:
Our AI Assistant is designed to provide information and recommendations based on its training data and algorithms. Its responses are generated automatically and may not always be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. We are constantly working to improve our AI model, but we cannnot guarantee the absence of errors or inaccuracies. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we disclaim all liability for any direct, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages or losses arising from the use of the AI Assistant or its content. For our complete AI Assistant Usage Policy, visit
gate1travel.com/AI.
Privacy Policy:
For Gate 1's privacy policy, please
click here
.
Loading...
About Us
Travel Agents
Visa Requirements
Traveler Photos
Customer Reviews
FAQ
My Account
Contact Us
Health Information
Our Videos
Terms & Conditions
Careers
Travel Advisories
Gate 1 Foundation
Gate 1 Gear
Site Map
Brochures
Travel Insurance
Gate 1 Travel Blog
Privacy Policy
* Prices include airfare, fuel surcharges, airport taxes and fees. All prices are per person based on twin occupancy. Air & land tour prices apply from the gateway airport or city specified in the Package Highlights. Prices will vary from alternative gateway airports or cities and may be higher. The total price will be clearly displayed prior to any deposit being required. Additional
baggage charges
may apply.
© 2026 Gate 1 Travel - 1-215-572-7676
Gate 1 Travel
Please note that you are accessing a website in the United States. All prices are listed in US Dollars.
OK
Don't show this again.