Gauth Terms of Service

Last updated: January 22, 2026


Welcome to Gauth. The Gauth application, software, website (i.e.,www.gauthmath.com), as well as any other related services or products (each, a “Service” and collectively, the “Services”) are provided by Gauthtech Pte. Ltd., a company registered in Singapore. Gauthtech Pte. Ltd., its affiliated companies and partners are referred to collectively in these Terms of Service (“Terms”) as “Gauth”, “we”, "us" or “our”. “You” “your” and “user(s)” refer to any person using the Services.
These Terms govern your use of the Services, regardless of how you access them, whether by computer, mobile device or otherwise; and whether directly through our Services, or through any third-party website that links to them, and regardless of whether you are a registered user or unregistered user.
These Terms are a legally binding agreement between you and us. By using, registering for or accessing the Services, you confirm that you have read, understood and agreed to these Terms and any other documents referred to herein, including without limitation, our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these Terms, you are not authorized to use the Services and you must cease all such use immediately.
You must be at least 13 years old and/or meet the minimum age requirement in your jurisdiction to use our Service. If you are under the age of majority in your jurisdiction you must have the express permission and consent from a parent or legal guardian to access and use the Services. By accessing or using the Services, you affirm that you are either 13 years of age or older and have parental or guardian consent if under the age of majority in your jurisdiction. We may offer additional Services with additional terms that may require you to be even older to use them. Gauth reserves the right to terminate or suspend the accounts of users who do not meet these age requirements or who provide false information regarding their age and/or parental consent. Gauth may, at its discretion, request proof of age or parental consent from users to verify compliance with the age restrictions and parental consent requirements outlined in these terms and conditions.
PLEASE NOTE THAT DIFFERENT TERMS MAY APPLY TO YOU BASED ON WHERE YOU LIVE. MAKE SURE YOU READ THE JURISDICTION-SPECIFIC TERMS FOR YOUR COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE.
If you are using the Services in the United States or are otherwise a United States user of the Services, then your use of the Services is governed by the Gauth US Terms of Service instead of these Terms.
User Account
You may access or use the Services either as a registered user or unregistered user. If you are a registered user, you need to create an account to use the Services. The information you provide should be accurate and complete. It is your responsibility to update your account information to keep it current and accurate. When you set up an account, you also need to set a password. It is important that you take reasonable steps to maintain the confidentiality of your password.
You agree not to use the account, username, or password of another user at any time, nor to knowingly or recklessly disclose your password to any third party. You agree to notify Gauth immediately if you suspect any unauthorized use of your account or access to your password. You may request termination of your account at any time by e-mailing us. Gauth may terminate your account at any time if, in our sole discretion, you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms.
We may allow you to register for and log in to Gauth using log-in functionalities provided by third-party platforms, such as Apple, Facebook or Google. In addition to these Terms, you agree to comply with the relevant third-party platform’s terms of service applicable to your use of such functionalities.
Proprietary Rights
Unless otherwise explicitly specified by Gauth, all materials that are included in or otherwise a part of the Services, including past, present, and future versions of Gauth, domain names, source and object code, text, site design, logos, graphics and icons and all registered and unregistered intellectual property rights related therein (collectively, "Gauth Content"), are owned, controlled, or licensed by Gauth or Gauth’s third-party partners, as applicable. Gauth Content is protected from unauthorized use, copying and dissemination by applicable intellectual property laws. Any use of Gauth Content not expressly authorized by these Terms is expressly prohibited and could result in criminal or civil penalties.
License to Use
Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Gauth grants you a limited, non-sublicenseable, non-exclusive, non-commercial, revocable and non-transferable license to use the Services. You may only use the Services for your own personal use and must not use the Services in a commercial context, including as part of your trade, business or profession. You agree not to view, copy, or procure content or information from the Services by automated means (such as scripts, bots, spiders, crawlers, or scrapers), or to use other data mining technology or processes to frame, mask, extract data or other materials from the Gauth Content, unless formally authorized by Gauth under a separate written agreement. No materials from the Services may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, downloaded, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any form or by any means without Gauth’s prior written permission or as expressly provided in these Terms. When you access or use the Services as authorized by these Terms, you must: (a) keep intact any and all copyright and other proprietary notices; (b) make no modifications to the Services; and (c) not copy or adapt any object code associated with the Services or reverse engineer, modify or attempt to discover any source code associated with the Services, or allow or assist any third party (whether or not for your benefit) to do so. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Gauth may impose reasonable limits on your scope of access to the Services, including limits on time, features or any specific content. You acknowledge and agree that upon any termination of your account or these Terms, this license granted to you in respect of the Services will automatically terminate.
User Content
When you use the Services, you may generate or submit User Content. “User Content” means any content created by you, such as any text, math problems, answers, photographs, data and information, or any content that you submit. As permitted by applicable laws, by submitting and generating User Content via the Services, you grant Gauth a non-exclusive, worldwide, unlimited, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully sublicensable (through multiple tiers) and fully transferable right to exercise any and all intellectual property rights you may have in the User Content, in any media known now or in the future, including to make, use, reproduce, copy, display, publish, exhibit, distribute, modify, sell, offer for sale, create derivative works based upon and otherwise use the User Content in order to provide the Services to users and develop the Services and similar products.
As permitted by applicable laws, you further agree that Gauth may use any ideas or concepts contained in any User Content for business purposes, including, without limitation, developing, manufacturing and marketing products and services and creating informational articles without any payment of any kind to you. You authorize Gauth to publish your User Content in a searchable format that may be accessed by other users of the Services. To the fullest extent permitted by law, you waive any moral rights you may have in any User Content you submit, even if such User Content is altered or changed in a manner not agreeable to you.
You represent, warrant, agree and declare that (i) you own the User Content submitted by you on, through or in connection with the Services, or otherwise have the right to grant the licenses set forth in this section, and (ii) the submission of your User Content on, through or in connection with the Services does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, registered and unregistered intellectual property rights including copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person or entity. Upon Gauth’s request, you will furnish Gauth any documentation, substantiation or releases necessary to verify your compliance with these Terms.
You agree that Gauth has no obligation to monitor or enforce your intellectual property rights to your User Content but has the right to protect and enforce its and its licensees’ rights to your User Content. You further acknowledge and agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Gauth will not have any obligation to you with regard to User Content and that Gauth may or may not monitor, display or accept your User Content and may delete it at any time.
Usage Rules
You are solely responsible for the User Content you submit, through or in connection with our Services. You may only use the Services for lawful purposes and as authorized by these Terms. When you contribute, upload or otherwise provide User Content via the Services, you agree to comply with the rules set forth herein ("Usage Rules"). If, in our reasonable opinion, you breach these Usage Rules, in addition to removing any prohibited materials, Gauth may terminate the responsible accounts, and/or report such activities to law enforcement authorities as appropriate.
Prohibited User Content includes, but is not limited to, material that Gauth reasonably determines:
• is patently offensive or promotes or otherwise incites racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual;
• harasses or advocates harassment of another person;
• exploits people in a sexual or violent manner or contains nudity, excessive violence, or offensive subject matter;
• constitutes or promotes information that you know, or ought to know, is false or misleading or promotes illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libelous;
• involves the transmission of junk mail, chain letters or unsolicited mass mailing, instant messaging or spamming;
• includes a photograph of another person that you have posted without that person's consent;
• violates or attempts to violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, patent rights, trademark rights, contract rights or any other rights of any person.
Prohibited activities include, without limitation:
• circumventing or modifying, attempting to circumvent or modify, or encouraging or assisting any other person in circumventing or modifying any security technology or software that is part of our Services;
• activity that involves the use of viruses, bots, worms, or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware, or otherwise permit the unauthorized use of or access to a computer or a computer network;
• modifying, copying, distributing, downloading, scraping or transmitting in any form or by any means, in whole or in part, any content from the Services;
• any automated use of the Services, such as, but not limited to, using scripts to send messages or posts;
• interfering with, disrupting, or creating an undue burden on the Services or the networks or services connected to the Services;
• displaying an unauthorized commercial advertisement on your profile, or accepting payment or anything of value from a third person in exchange for your performing any commercial activity using the Services on behalf of that person, such as placing commercial content on review posts or solutions, links to e-commerce sites not authorized by Gauth, or sending messages with a commercial purpose; or
• using the Services in a manner inconsistent with any applicable law or the purpose of the Services.
Premium Services and Payment
Some of the Services are provided to you free-of-charge; while we may offer certain services or features (collectively “Premium Services”) for a fee. By paying for or using one of these Premium Services, you agree to any additional terms applicable to that service.
You agree to pay all applicable fees for Premium Services as set forth on our app and/or website. All fees are payable in the currency specified at the point of checkout at the time of purchase. All Premium Services fees are exclusive of taxes, and you agree that we may charge you any applicable taxes in addition to the Premium Services fees. For users in the UK and EEA, the fees for Premium Services stated will be displayed inclusive of applicable taxes.
To subscribe to any of Premium Services, you must meet the following conditions (“Eligibility Requirements”):
be a registered user of Gauth;
be 18 years old or over the age of majority in your jurisdiction of residence; and
be capable of entering into a legally binding agreement.
We reserve the right to add to and/or modify the Eligibility Requirements at our reasonable discretion. We also reserve the right to refuse requests to subscribe to Premium Services.
If you subscribe to our auto-renewed subscription plan, your subscription fee will automatically renew for an additional period equal in duration to your preceding subscription term, as permitted by applicable law, and your payment will automatically be charged at the start of each new subscription period for the fees applicable to that period, unless you cancel or change your subscription to the Premium Services before the end of the applicable subscription period.
You can manage your subscriptions in Privacy and Settings > Premium Services, where you can review your current and expired subscriptions and cancel auto-renewed subscriptions. For users in the UK and the EEA, you can also cancel your subscription using additional cancellation mechanisms we may provide, depending on your location. If you select auto-renewed subscription plan, you may cancel the subscription any time before the end of the current subscription period and the cancellation will take effect on the first day of the next subscription period (except, if you are a user in the UK or EEA, where you have exercised your right to cancel or withdraw your subscription contract under applicable law). You will retain your access to the benefits from the time you cancel until the start of the next subscription period. You will not receive a refund or credit for any remaining days in your current subscription period (unless required by applicable law, including in the context of you exercising your right to cancel or withdraw from the contract between us and you).
You need to purchase Premium Services with payment methods provided by a third party platform, which may include App Store and Google Play. You agree to abide by any relevant Terms of Service and any other legal agreement that govern your payment through the aforesaid third-party platform. If you choose the auto-renewed subscription plan, you agree that we will charge you on the first day of each subscription period via the given payment method. If for any reason, a payment cannot be processed using your provided payment method, we may terminate your subscription.
If you purchase Premium Services through the Apple app store, Google Play or other third-party platform (as applicable), your refund request (if any) shall be subject to the terms and conditions of such third-party platform. You will continue to have access to Premium Services until your payment is refunded.
For UK and EEA subscribers: We may change the subscription fee from time to time. If you purchase an auto-renewed subscription plan directly from us, we will give you at least 30 days' notice of any changes to the subscription fee (which will take effect from the new subscription period). If you do not wish to continue your subscription plan at the new price, you can cancel your subscription plan before the start of the next subscription period. If you do not cancel your subscription plan before the start of the next subscription period, you will be deemed to have accepted the change to the subscription fee.
For all other users, Gauth reserves the right to modify these payment terms, including subscription fees, at its sole discretion, as permitted by applicable law.
You are responsible for any mobile charges that apply to your use of the Services, including text messaging and data charges. If you're unsure what those charges are, you should ask your mobile service provider before using the Services. If you purchased your subscription through a third-party platform, price changes may be treated differently. Please review the relevant terms and conditions of such corresponding third-party platform for further information.
Right of Withdrawal – UK and EEA subscribers only
When you purchase a subscription plan directly from us as a consumer in the UK or the EEA, you have a legal right to withdraw from your subscription plan agreement with us within 14 days of purchase. Instructions on how to exercise this right, the consequences for exercising this right (including details of any amounts owed to us from the beginning of your agreement up to and including the day prior to your exercise of your right of withdrawal) and a model form that you can use to exercise your right to withdraw are set out at the end of these Terms.
When you purchase a subscription plan, you expressly acknowledge and agree to the immediate provision of the relevant subscription. You understand that if you change your mind within the first 14 days of your subscription plan, you may withdraw from your agreement for a refund (but will still remain liable for the subscription fee for the time you used the Services). When you purchase a subscription plan through a third-party platform provider, your right of withdrawal may be treated differently. Please review the relevant third-party platform provider terms for further information.
Modifying and Terminating our Services
UK and EEA users
We may change the Services:
(a) to reflect changes in relevant laws and regulatory requirements, for example, to ensure our Services comply with applicable law;
(b) to make minor technical adjustments and improvements, for example, to address a security threat. These are changes that do not affect your use of the Services; and
(c) to update the Services, provided that (in the case of Premium Services, the Services always match the description we provided to you before you paid for them). We might ask you to install these updates.
If we plan to make any changes that materially and adversely impact you, we will provide reasonable advance notice, such as through a notice on our app and website of any significant changes to our Services, or if the Service will be discontinued, whenever we reasonably can. In the case of Premium Services, we will notify you in advance and you can then contact us to end the contract before the change takes effect and receive a refund for any Premium Services you have paid for in advance but will not receive.
We may suspend the supply of Services to:
(a) deal with technical problems or make minor technical changes;
(b) update the Services to reflect change in relevant laws and regulatory requirements; or
(c) make changes to the Services.
We will contact you in advance to let you know we are suspending the service, unless suspension is to respond to an urgent issue.
All other users
For non-UK and non-EEA users, Gauth reserves the right, from time to time in our sole discretion, to make changes to or discontinue any of the Services at any time. We will provide reasonable advance notice, such as through a notice on our app and website of any significant changes to our Services , or if the Service will be discontinued, whenever we reasonably can.
Any description of the Services provided by Gauth is not a representation that the Services are working or will always work in that manner, as Gauth is continuously updating the Services, and these updates may not always be reflected in the Terms.
Third-Party Integrations
The Services may contain links to websites and content owned and/or operated by third parties. We do not control your use of such third-party integrations. We do not warrant the performance, availability, safety or reliability of any such third-party integrations and are not responsible for the applicable third-party provider’s performance or failure to perform in any respect. Your access and use of such third-party integrations is solely at your own risk and is subject to the terms and conditions of use and privacy policy(ies) applicable to such third party.
Appropriate Services Usage
Our Services are designed as a study aid to complement your educational journey. While Gauth strives to provide helpful computational tools and information across a variety of subjects, it's important to understand the scope and intended use of our services.
Study Aid, Not a Substitute: The Services are available to support your learning process, offering an additional resource alongside traditional study materials such as textbooks and lectures. Gauth is not intended to replace these fundamental resources. You agree to use Gauth as a supplement to, not a substitute for, the primary materials required for your studies.
Academic Integrity: By using the Services, you commit to upholding the highest standards of academic integrity. This means the Services should not be used in a manner that violates anti-cheating rules, including but not limited to, using the Services to complete exams, quizzes, or assignments when such actions are prohibited by your academic institution. Gauth is designed to aid your understanding and knowledge expansion, not to circumvent the learning process.
Accuracy and Quality of Information: While we endeavor to ensure the accuracy and reliability of information provided through the Services, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we cannot guarantee the precision or quality of the content. Educational topics are vast and complex, and discrepancies may arise. Gauth's content should, therefore, be used as a guide rather than an authoritative source. You acknowledge that there may be differences in the information provided by Gauth and the solutions or methodologies preferred by academic institutions or found in your course materials.
Continuous Improvement and Feedback: We are committed to improving Gauth and value your feedback, including without limitation, suggested changes to the Services, new features or functionality relating thereto, or any comments, questions, suggestions or the like ("Feedback"). Should you find any inaccuracies or wish to provide such Feedback to us, please contact us by e-mail. Your insights are crucial in helping us refine and enhance our Services. You agree that Gauth owns all right, title and interest in and to any such Feedback. We are free to use, without any attribution or compensation to you or any party, the Feedback, and all intellectual property rights contained therein, for any purpose whatsoever, although we do not have an obligation to use any Feedback.
Our Relationship with Tutors
Gauth may engage tutors as independent contractors to enable us to provide you with the Services. By using Gauth, you acknowledge and agree that the tutors have no relationship or obligation to you, and you have no recourse against them in connection with the Services. Your sole recourse in connection with the Services is against Gauth, as set out in, and subject to, the provisions of these Terms.
Should you have concerns or wish to report any information or materials provided by, or conduct of, a tutor, please reach out to us directly at support@gauthmath.com. We value your feedback and are committed to maintaining a high standard of quality and safety in the educational resources and interactions facilitated by our platform.
Limitations of Liability
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law (and except as provided below):
(a) We will not be held liable for any harm or damages resulting from your use of the Services or your interaction with our tutors. This includes any reliance on the accuracy, applicability, or quality of the study materials available on our platform. You recognize that the use of Gauth involves certain risks, including but not limited to, discrepancies in content and the potential for unintentional misuse within an academic setting.
(b) UNLESS YOU ARE A USER IN THE UK OR EEA, WE WILL NOT BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY HARM OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES OR YOUR INTERACTION WITH OUR TUTORS. THIS INCLUDES ANY RELIANCE ON THE ACCURACY, APPLICABILITY, OR QUALITY OF THE STUDY MATERIALS AVAILABLE ON OUR PLATFORM. WE HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO PRE-SCREEN, MONITOR, REVIEW, OR EDIT ANY CONTENT PROVIDED BY TUTORS. WHEN ENGAGING WITH INFORMATION OR SOLUTIONS PROVIDED BY TUTORS, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK, UNDERSTANDING THAT WE MAKE NO DECLARATIONS, UNDERTAKINGS, PROMISES, OR GUARANTEES, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF TUTOR-PROVIDED CONTENT, NOR ABOUT TUTOR QUALIFICATIONS, EXPERTISE OR CONDUCT. YOU RECOGNIZE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES INVOLVES CERTAIN RISKS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ERRORS, MISTAKES AND THE POTENTIAL FOR MISUSE WITHIN AN ACADEMIC SETTING.
For users in the UK and EEA, notwithstanding the above, we are responsible for losses you suffer that are caused by us breaching these Terms, unless and to the extent:
(a) such loss is caused by a delaying event outside our control;
(b) such loss is avoidable by you taking reasonable action (for example, if you could have avoided such loss by following our instructions to install an update);
(c) you suffer such loss in connection with your trade, business, craft or profession (in which case our liability is limited as described above);
(d) such loss was not, at the time you agreed to these Terms, a reasonably foreseeable consequence of us breaching these Terms (loss or damage is foreseeable if either it is obvious that it will happen or if, at the time these Terms were entered into, both we and you knew it might happen).
You agree not to use the Services for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you (in cases where you use the Services for a commercial or business purpose) for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption or loss of business opportunity.
We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors, liability arising from wilful misconduct and gross negligence, breach of our contractual or legal obligations, and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation. Some countries may not allow the limitation of certain damages or losses, so some or all of the foregoing may not apply to you. In this case, these Terms only limit our liability to the maximum extent permitted in your country of residence.
For users in the EEA, you benefit from a legal guarantee of conformity and a legal guarantee for hidden defects on the Services. You have the right to enforce the legal guarantee of conformity during the entire period of supply of the digital service. In this case, please contact us at support@gauthmath.com and we will provide you with the relevant instructions.
Warranty Disclaimer
THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," "AS AVAILABLE", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY REGARDING UPTIME OR UNINTERRUPTED ACCESS, AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY, OR USEFULNESS, AND ANY WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WE HEREBY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. WE DO NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE SERVICES, THE AVAILABILITY OF CONTENT, THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS IN THE SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE SERVICES WILL FUNCTION WITH OTHER MOBILE APPS OR HARDWARE, OR WITHIN A SYSTEM. WE ASSUME NO RESPONSIBILITY, AND WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR, ANY DAMAGES TO, OR VIRUSES THAT MAY INFECT, YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, MOBILE DEVICE, OR OTHER PROPERTY ON ACCOUNT OF YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SERVICES.
Reporting Intellectual Property Violations
Gauth respects the intellectual property rights of others and takes the protection of copyrights and other intellectual property seriously. Only the intellectual property rights owner or person authorized to act on behalf of the owner can report potentially infringing content. If you believe your work has been infringed through the Services, please notify us at support@gauthmath.com with appropriate information and materials. Your contact information will only be used to investigate your inquiry regarding potential copyright and other infringement.
Privacy Policy
Please refer to our Privacy Policy (https://www.gauthmath.com/policy) for information on how we collect, process and disclose your personal information.
Severability
Unless otherwise stated in these Terms, if any provision of these Terms is declared invalid, illegal or unenforceable, all remaining provisions continue in full force and effect. This "Severability" section shall survive any expiration or termination of the Services.
Changes
Gauth may modify these Terms from time to time ("Updated Terms"), for instance when we update the functionality of the Services, to address a security threat or where there have been legal or regulatory changes that impact these Terms or Services, to improve the readability of the Terms and make them easier to understand, where we reorganize the way we conduct our business, and/or when we combine multiple apps or services operated by us or our affiliates into a single combined service or app.
For Quebec, UK and EEA users:
(a) Except where the changes to the Terms will not have a material legal effect, or are changes required by law, we will notify you of the changes 30 days prior to them taking effect.
(b) When you purchase Premium Services on a subscription plan directly from us, if you do not agree to the changes, you may cancel the relevant subscription plan (at no cost to you) within 30 days from the date we notify you of the changes. If you cancel in these circumstances, we will provide you with a refund for amounts you have paid for any Services you have not yet received.
For non-Quebec, non-UK and non-EEA users, we will provide reasonable advance notice of any significant changes to the Terms or Services whenever we reasonably can, such as by posting them on the Gauth Website so that they are accessible via a link on the home page.
For all users, you should review these Terms regularly to check for such changes. We will also update the “Last Updated” date at the top of these Terms, to reflect the effective date of the most recently updated version of the Terms.
As you are not allowed to use the Services if you do not agree to follow these Terms, if you continue to access or use the Services after we have posted the Updated Terms (or, in the case of Quebec, UK and EEA users who subscribe to Premium Services, if you do not cancel your subscription plan within 30 days of the date we notify you of the changes), we will consider that you accept and agree to be bound by the Updated Terms. If you do not agree to the Updated Terms, you must stop accessing or using the Services and close your account (if applicable).
For changes to the Terms or to the Services that we need to make to meet security, safety, legal or regulatory requirements, we may not be able to notify you in advance but we will let you know as soon as practicable. We will sometimes update or require you to apply an update to the application to ensure you are running the latest version and accessing the latest features.
Our Approach to Content Moderation
We review content uploaded by our users proactively (through systems we have in place which detect illegal and harmful content, including content which may be in violation of these Terms) and reactively (for example, on receipt of notice from users or authorities). To do this, we deploy automated moderation technology to identify content that violates our Terms. This technology looks at a variety of signals across content, which may include, for example, keywords or images to detect potential violations.
We may prevent the creation of certain content, restrict the visibility or use of content, or otherwise remove or restrict access to content if we reasonably believe (i) it is in breach of these Terms, or (ii) it causes harm to us, affiliates, our users or other third parties. In case of severe or repeated violations, we might also take account-level action, including suspending your access to certain features or temporarily or permanently banning your account.
If you think we have made a mistake in removing or restricting your content or restricting or suspending your account, you can e-mail us.
Assignment
We may assign or delegate these Terms, in whole or in part, to any person or entity at any time without your consent. You may not assign or delegate any rights or obligations under these Terms without our prior written consent, and any unauthorized assignment and/or delegation by you is ineffective.
No Waiver
Even if we delay in enforcing these Terms, we can still enforce them later. If we do not insist immediately that you do anything you are required to do under these Terms, or if we delay in taking steps against you in respect of your breaching these Terms, that will not mean that you do not have to do those things and it will not prevent us taking steps against you at a later date.
Third-Party Rights
These Terms are a contract between you and us. Unless otherwise expressly stated herein, no other person will have any rights to enforce any of these Terms.
Contact
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Services, please contact us via e-mail at support@gauthmath.com.
Exports
You agree that you will not export or re-export, directly or indirectly the Services and/or other information or materials provided by Gauth hereunder, to any country for which any relevant jurisdiction requires any export license or other governmental approval at the time of export without first obtaining such license or approval.
App Stores
Notice regarding Apple.

These Terms are between Gauth and you; Apple is not a party to these Terms.
The license granted to you hereunder is limited to a personal, limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable right to install the Gauth app on the Apple device(s) authorized by Apple that you own or control for personal, non-commercial use, subject to the Usage Rules set forth in Apple’s App Store Terms of Services.
Apple is not responsible for the Gauth app or the content thereof and has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance or support services with respect to the app.
In the event of any failure of the Gauth app to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the Gauth app, if any, to you. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Gauth app.
Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or a third party relating to the Gauth app or your possession or use of the app, including without limitation (a) product liability claims; (b) any claim that the app fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (c) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
In the event of any third party claim that the Gauth app or your possession and use of the app infringes such third party’s intellectual property rights, Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement or discharge of such intellectual property infringement claim.
Apple and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of these Terms and upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as a third party beneficiary hereof.
Gauth expressly authorizes use of the Gauth app by multiple users through family sharing or any similar functionality provided by Apple.
Notice regarding Google Play. By downloading the Gauth app from Google Play (or its successors) operated by Google, Inc. or one of its affiliates ("Google"), you specifically acknowledge and agree that:

to the extent of any conflict between (a) the Google Play Terms of Services and the Google Play Business and Program Policies or such other terms which Google designates as default end user license terms for Google Play (all of which together are referred to as the "Google Play Terms"), and (b) the other terms and conditions in these Terms, the Google Play Terms shall apply with respect to your use of the app that you download from Google Play, and you hereby acknowledge that Google does not have any responsibility or liability related to compliance or non-compliance by Gauth or you (or any other user) under these Terms or the Google Play Terms.
Jurisdiction-Specific Supplemental Terms
Indonesia, Vietnam, Malaysia, Philippines, Thailand, Singapore, Myanmar, Cambodia, Brunei, Laos, Australia and New Zealand
If you are using the Services in the Indonesia, Vietnam, Malaysia, Philippines, Thailand, Singapore, Myanmar, Cambodia, Brunei, Laos, Australia or New Zealand the following terms apply:
a. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction. These Terms, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by the laws of Singapore. Any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Terms, including any question regarding existence, validity or termination of these Terms, shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration administered by the Singapore International Arbitration Centre ("SIAC") in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre ("SIAC Rules") for the time being in force, which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference in this clause. The seat of the arbitration shall be Singapore. The Tribunal shall consist of one (1) arbitrator. The language of the arbitration shall be English.
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates
If you are using the Services in Saudi Arabia or the United Arab Emirates, the following terms apply:
a. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction. These Terms, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by the laws of Singapore. Any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Terms, including any question regarding existence, validity or termination of these Terms, shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration administered by the Singapore International Arbitration Centre in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre for the time being in force, which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference in this clause. The seat of the arbitration shall be Singapore. The Tribunal shall consist of one (1) arbitrator. The language of the arbitration shall be English.
Brazil
If you are using the Services in Brazil, the following additional terms apply. If there is any conflict between these additional terms and the Terms, these additional terms will prevail, considering the clauses indicated in each item:
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction. These Terms, their object and their formation, are governed by the laws of the Federative Republic of Brazil. Any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Terms, including any question relating to the existence, validity or termination of these Terms, shall be settled in the Court of the District of São Paulo, State of São Paulo, to the exclusion of any other, however privileged it may be or may be.
Language. The Portuguese version of these Terms shall take precedence, and this English version of the Terms exists for reference purposes only.
APPENDIX 1: UK AND EEA USERS – WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS
Instructions on withdrawal:
Right of withdrawal
You have the right to withdraw from this contract within 14 days, without giving any reason.
The withdrawal period will expire after 14 days from the day of the conclusion of the contract.
To exercise the right of withdrawal, you must inform us, Gauthtech Pte. Ltd of 1 Raffles Quay #26-10, Singapore 048583 of your decision to withdraw from this contract by an unequivocal statement (e.g., a letter sent by post). You may use the attached model withdrawal form, but it is not obligatory. You can also electronically fill in and submit the model withdrawal form or any other unequivocal statement on our website. If you use this option, we will communicate to you an acknowledgement of receipt of such withdrawal on a durable medium (e.g., by email) without delay.
To meet the withdrawal deadline, it is sufficient for you to send your communication concerning your exercise of the right of withdrawal before the withdrawal period has expired.
Effects of Withdrawal
If you withdraw from this contract, we shall reimburse to you all payments received from you, including the costs of delivery (with the exception of the supplementary costs resulting from your choice of a type of delivery other than the least expensive type of standard delivery offered by us), without undue delay and in any event not later than 14 days from the day on which we are informed about your decision to withdraw from this contract. We will carry out such reimbursement using the same means of payment as you used for the initial transaction, unless you have expressly agreed otherwise; in any event, you will not incur any fees as a result of such reimbursement.
If you requested to begin the performance of services during the withdrawal period, you shall pay us an amount which is in proportion to what has been provided until you have communicated us your withdrawal from this contract, in comparison with the full coverage of the contract.
Model withdrawal form
(Complete and return this form only if you wish to withdraw from the contract) agreement.
— To
Gauthtech Pte. Ltd
1 Raffles Quay #26-10, Singapore 048583
— I/We (*) hereby give notice that I/We (*) withdraw from my/our (*) contract for the provision of the following goods (*) /for the provision of the following service (*),
— Ordered on (*)/received on (*),
— Name of consumer(s),
— Address of consumer(s),
— Signature of consumer(s) (only if this form is notified on paper),
— Date
(*) Delete as appropriate.
If you purchased your Recurring Subscription from an app store provider, please contact them directly to withdraw from the agreement.