Terms and Conditions - Global English Editing
Global English Editing Terms and Conditions
By using (viewing information or ordering a service) our website (https://geediting.com), you agree to abide by these Terms and Conditions.
Global English Editing name and website
The name Global English Editing, website https://geediting.com and all material on this site are protected by international copyright and trademark law. Therefore, the website content cannot be used, copied or modified without the express permission of Global English Editing.
Confidentiality, Copyright and Protection of Intellectual Property
Global English Editing protects your copyright and our clients retain sole copyright, ownership and control over all materials and documents submitted to us for services provided. We will not provide a third party access to your work under any circumstances. All copies of the client’s work will be removed from our computer system within 90 days of job closure.
Plagiarism policy
Global English Editing in no way condones breaches of copyright or plagarism and has no responsibility for detecting or reporting plagiarized material.
Refunds
Global English Editing will provide a refund under certain circumstances. One an editor begins work, orders placed with Global English Editing can not be cancelled and no refund will be provided. However, if the editor has not yet begun work, we will provide a full refund.
Limitation of liability
Global English Editing strives to provide the highest quality editing and proofreading services to its customers, and has developed
quality assurance procedures
to this end. However, we do not warrant that the end document will be accurate, complete, reliable, current or
error-free.
Our contractors provide advice on changes which are the author’s responsibility to accept, reject or further amend. The content of any finished work is therefore entirely the responsibility of the author.
Global English Editing or any of its contractors are not liable for any damages whatsoever as a result of our editing or proofreading services.
Complaints Process
If a client is not satisfied with the editing or proofreading provided by Global English Editing, the customer shall contact us within 30 days of receipt and provide details of their complaint. Global English Editing will verify that we have received your complaint, and then investigate and correspond with you to resolve any problems. We guarantee to solve the clients complaint as soon as possible.
Professional Editors
Affordable Rates.
Get Started
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
How much does it cost?
Price Calculator
Please choose:*
Student or Academic
Book Author or Publisher
Business or Professional
Please select a service *
Editing
Proofreading
Number of words in your document*
Get Started
Academics & Students
Dissertation Editing Services for Students
Thesis Editing Services for Students
Journal Article Editing for Academics
Science Editing
Essay Editing
Dissertation Proofreading for Students
Authors & Publishers
Book Editing Services for Authors
Book Proofreading Services for Authors
Manuscript Evaluation
Package Deals for Authors
Businesses & Professionals
Business Editing and Proofreading Services
Business Proofreading
Proofreading Services – Fast and Affordable
Editing Services
Scholarship Program
Quick Links
How It Works
Testimonials
Quality Assurance
Confidentiality
Get Started
Global English Editing,
2700 Neilson Way, Santa Monica, CA 90405
Site Map
|
Privacy Policy
|
Terms and Conditions
Follow Us
Editing Services
Proofreading Services
© 2026 Global English Editing. A Brown Brothers Media company. All rights reserved.
© 2026 Global English Editing.
A Brown Brothers Media company.
All rights reserved.
Top