Getty Images Terms And Conditions
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE - GETTY IMAGES, INC.
1. Your Agreement With Getty Images, Inc.
Welcome to this Getty Images website. Following are the terms and conditions that govern your use of this site.
These terms and conditions of use constitute a legal agreement between you and Getty Images Inc. (
"Getty
    Images"
,
"we"
or
"our"
).
    Please read this
    agreement (
"Agreement"
) in its entirety before you continue to use this website or download any image and you
    are referred in particular to Clause 6 and the
    Privacy Policy at Schedule A regarding the use of your data.
2. Ownership Of Website
2.1
This website is owned and operated by Getty. All of the content featured
    or displayed on this website, including, but not limited
    to, text, graphics,
    photographs, images, moving images, sound, illustrations and software (
"Content"
), is owned by Getty Images,
    its licensors and its content providers (or
    any combination thereof).
2.2
All elements of Getty Images websites, including, but not limited to,
    the general design and the Content, are protected
    by copyright, moral rights,
    trademark and other laws relating to intellectual property rights.
2.3
You are permitted to print or download extracts from these pages for
    your personal use only. Any copies of these pages
    saved to disk or to any other
    storage medium may only be used for subsequent viewing purposes or to print extracts for personal use. You may not
    (whether directly through the use of
    any software program) create a database in electronic or structured manual form by regularly or systematically
    downloading and storing all or any part
    of the pages of this site. No part of the site may be reproduced or transmitted to, or stored in any other website,
    nor may any of its pages or part
    thereof be disseminated in any electronic or non-electronic form, nor included in any public or private electronic
    retrieval system or service without
    Getty Images's prior written permission. Requests to republish any part of the Content for distribution should be
    addressed to: Web Editor, Creative Dept,
    Getty Images, 101 Bayham Street, London NW1 0AG.
2.4
"Getty Images", "Getty", the Getty Images logo, "Stone", the Stone logo,
    "FPG", the FPG logo, "Pix, the Pix logo,
    "Bavaria", the Bavaria logo, "TCL",
    "Telegraph Colour Library", the Telegraph Colour Library logo, "VCG", the VCG logo, "The Image Bank", the The Image
    Bank Logo, "Image Bank",
    the Image Bank logo, "EyeWire", the EyeWire logo, "PhotoDisc", and the PhotoDisc logo are trademarks of Getty Images
    or its subsidiaries and may be registered
    in some countries.
3. Individual Access And Registration
3.1
You agree to:-
(a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information which you are required to provide when you register
        as a user of the website (
"User Information"
);
        and
(b) notify us immediately of any changes to the User Information.
3.2
You agree not to impersonate any other person or entity or to use a
    false name or a name that you are not authorized to use.
3.3
We reserve the right to terminate your account if any User Information
    is untrue, inaccurate, out-of-date or incomplete.
3.4
Each registration is for a single user only. To access the site you will
    be asked to enter your individual User
    Information. Therefore we do not permit any
    of the following:-
(a) any other person sharing your User Information;
(b) any part of the site being cached in proxy servers and accessed by individuals who have not registered with
        Getty Images as users of the site;
(c) access through a single user being made available to multiple users on a network.
If we believe that User Information is being used in any of these ways, we reserve the right to cancel access rights
    immediately without notice, and block
    access to all users from that IP address.
3.5
Should you have any complaints about the site itself or materials on the
    site please contact in the first instance
    the Web Editor in
    London (+44) (0)20 7544 2958 or the Photographer Relations Coordinator in Seattle (+1) 206 268 1598 or via email
    using
contentmanager@gettyimages.com
4. Disclaimer
4.1
The website is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis and we
    make no warranties or representations, whether
    express or implied, in relation to the
    website, including but not limited to, implied warranties or conditions of completeness, accuracy, satisfactory
    quality and fitness for a particular purpose.
4.2
We make no warranty that the website will meet your requirements or will
    be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free.
4.3
We make no warranty as to results that may be obtained or the accuracy
    of any information, financial or otherwise,
    obtained through the website.
4.4
We make no warranty regarding any goods or services purchased or
    obtained through the website or any transactions
    entered into through the website.
4.5
The contents of this website are only for general information or use.
    They do not constitute advice and should not be
    relied upon in making
    (or refraining from making) any decision. We hereby exclude any warranty, express or implied, as to the quality,
    accuracy, timeliness, completeness,
    performance, fitness for a particular purpose of the site or any of its contents, including without limitation any
    downloadable forms, financial information
    or legal updates. Getty Images will not be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss
    of business projects, or loss of profits)
    arising in contract, tort or otherwise from the use of or inability to use the site, or any of its contents, or from
    any action taken (or refrained from being
    taken) as a result of using the website or any such contents. We make no warranty that the contents of the website
    are free from infection by viruses or anything
    else which has contaminating or destructive properties.
4.6
Certain links on the website lead to resources located on servers
    maintained by third party over whom Getty Images has no
    control. Getty Images accepts
    no responsibility or liability for any of the material contained on those servers. Certain elements of the
    website will contain material submitted by users. Getty
    Images accepts no responsibility for the content or accuracy of such material.
4.7
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the
    confidentiality of your account and password and for
    restricting access to your computer,
    and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. Remember that
    anyone who knows your password can access
    your account so guard it carefully. Getty Images reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or
    edit content, or cancel orders in
    their sole discretion.
5. Changes To This Agreement
We reserve the right to add to or change the terms of this Agreement. Any changes will be posted to
"http://contributors.gettyimages.com/tandc.asp"
and it is
    your responsibility as a user to refer to the terms on accessing this service. Changes will be effective 3 hours
    after first posting to the site and you will
    be deemed to have accepted any change if you continue to access the site after that time.
6. Data Protection
6.1
We will comply with the relevant data protection laws, so normally any
    personal or financial data to be provided to us
    will not be disclosed to third parties
    without your consent.
6.2
However, you should be aware that:-
(a) if we are requested by the police or regulatory or government authority in investigating illegal activities
        to provide information concerning your activities
        whilst using the network we shall do so. Similarly, we will disclose your personal data if we are compelled to
        do so by law;
(b) we may disclose information about you and your use of the website to third parties but such information will
        not include your name, mailing address,
        electronic address, telephone or facsimile number or username
6.3
In order to meet our obligations in accounting to you for all usage made
    of your images, we hold certain information
    about you including your name and address
    and details of images we have sold on your behalf and the payments received. This information may be transferred
    between, and processed by, Getty Images offices
    and to data processing companies, some of which are located outside the European Economic Area. By utilizing this
    website you agree to Getty Images transferring
    your data in this way.
6.4
We would also draw your attention to the Privacy Policy contained in
    Schedule A to this Agreement, which is an integral
    part of the Agreement.
6.5
You understand and agrees that information relating to user or any other
    person, such as a subcontractor, that you may
    provide to Getty Images through this
    website or any of its links may be retained for a reasonable period, and may be stored, accessed and used in
    jurisdictions whose privacy laws may be different
    and less protective than those of your home country. Getty Images may use this information in connection with the
    performance of this Agreement, including for
    contacting you, and may disclose this information to necessary service providers, to provide the services they
    contract for. These Third Parties will have no
    right to use your information for secondary purposes. Any personal information you provide may also be disclosed as
    part of any merger, sale of Getty Images'
    assets or acquisition, as well as in the unlikely event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which event
    personal information would be transferred
    as one of the business assets of Getty Images. Getty Images reserves the right to disclose any information you
    provide in order to respond to claims or protect
    the rights, property or safety of itself, its related companies, Distributors, contributors and their respective
    employees, directors and officers as well as
    those of any customers or the public.
7. Dealings With Third Parties
7.1
Part of the website may contain advertising and other material submitted
    to Getty Images by third parties. Advertisers
    are responsible for ensuring that material
    submitted for inclusion on the site complies with International and National law. Getty Images will not be
    responsible for any error, omission or inaccuracy in
    advertising material, and reserves the right to omit, suspend or change the position of any advertising material
    submitted for insertion. Acceptance of advertising
    material on the site will be subject to Getty Images's terms and conditions which are available on request.
7.2
Your correspondence with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers
    or vendors found on the website, including payment
    for and delivery of related goods,
    services and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely
    between you and such advertiser or vendors. You
    agree not to hold us liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the
    result of the presence of such advertisers or
    vendors on the website.
7.3
We may provide, or you may include in email, links to other websites or
    resources. You acknowledge and agree that we are
    not responsible for the availability
    of such external sites or resources, and do not endorse and are not responsible or liable for any content,
    advertising, products or other materials on or
    available from any such sites or resources. You agree that we will not be responsible or liable, directly or
    indirectly, for any damage or loss caused, or
    alleged to be caused, by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available
    on such external sites or resources.
8. Our Rights
We reserve the right to:-
(a) close access to any features of the service offered by this website if your usage of that feature is deemed
        excessive and against the interests of other
        users of the website;
(b) modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the website, or any portion of it, with or without notice
        to you and you confirm that we shall not be
        liable to you or any third party for any modification to or discontinuance of the website;
(c) terminate your account (including your User Information) and delete your email addresses, emails, web space
        and other data stored on the website if we
        believe that you have breached these terms and conditions or acted inconsistently with the spirit of these terms
        and conditions.
You acknowledge that we do not have to give you prior notice of any such termination.
9. Limitation Of Liability
9.1
You agree that, except for death and personal injury arising from our
    negligence, we shall not be liable in contract,
    tort, negligence, statutory duty or otherwise, for any loss or damage whatsoever arising from or in any way
    connected with this contract, including,
    without limitation, damage for loss of business, loss of profits, business interruption, loss of business
    information, or any other pecuniary loss
    (even where we have been advised of the possibility of such loss or damage).
9.2
You agree to indemnify us, or any affiliated company and our and their
    officers, directors and employees, immediately on
    demand, against all claims, liability, damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees, arising out of any breach
    of these terms and conditions by you or
    any other liabilities arising out of your use of the website.
10. Severability
Each of the provisions contained in this Agreement, including those in any schedule, is independent of every other
    provision, so that if any provision of this
    Agreement is determined by any court, tribunal or other competent legal authority to be illegal, invalid and/or
    unenforceable, such determination will not effect
    any other provisions of this Agreement, all of which will remain in full force and effect.
11. Discussion Zones
Specific rules relating to the use of so-called chat rooms (
"Discussion Zones"
) are annexed as Schedule B
    this Agreement and form an integral part of this Agreement.
12. Governing Law and Venue
This Agreement will be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of Washington, excluding its laws relating
    to conflict of laws. Any action to determine
    the construction, validity or performance of this Agreement will be settled by adjudication before the Superior
    Courts of the State of Washington in King County
    or the Federal District Courts of the Western District of Washington located in Seattle (as permitted by law) and
    you hereby consent to the jurisdiction of such
    courts for all disputes, controversies and claims and waives any venue or non conveniens argument.
SCHEDULE A
Privacy Policy
Please refer to our
Privacy Policy
for information on how we collect, use and disclose personal information.
SCHEDULE B
Discussion Zone Rules
1. You agree not to do any of the following actions while using any of the Discussion Zones, which may be included
    in the future functionality of the site:
(a)
Making statements that are grossly offensive including blatant or
        any unlawful expressions of bigotry, racism, hatred or profanity.
(b)
Indulging in abusive, defamatory or harassing behavior or insults or
        personal attacks or threats of harm to anyone or promoting
        physical harm or injury against any group or individual.
(c)
Promoting or providing instructional information about illegal
        activities. You also may not indulge in activities that
        infringe upon anyone else's copyright(s). Specifically, you cannot advocate illegal conduct or participate in
        illegal or fraudulent schemes. You cannot
        use the Discussions Zones to distribute unauthorized copies of copyrighted material, including photos, artwork,
        text, recordings, designs or computer programs.
(d)
Engaging in sexually explicit chat or nicknames that would generally
        be considered offensive in a public place.
(e)
Indulging in racial, ethnic, sexual or religious slurs, disruptive
        behavior of any kind including statements that
        incite others to violate the rules, or making lewd comments.
(f)
Attempting to post or use computer programs that contain destructive
        features, such as viruses, worms, Trojan horses,
        bots, scripts and so on.
(g)
Excessive shouting (use of all capital letters) or flooding
        (continuous posting of repetitive text) in the chat areas.
(h)
Impersonation of or false representation of yourself as a Getty
        Images Sysop or employee is prohibited.
(i)
We encourage communication between our users but posting or
        transmitting of unauthorized or unsolicited advertising,
        promotional materials or any other forms of solicitation to other users, in these Discussion Zones, except in
        those areas that may be designated for
        such a purpose are not allowed.
2. We are not responsible for the content of the Discussion Zones. That responsibility lies solely with the people
    using the Discussion Zones since they are
    the ones creating the content. Save where it is clearly evident that a specific opinion or view originates from
    Getty Images, the opinions and views expressed in
    the Discussion Zones do not necessarily reflect those of Getty Images (indeed Getty Images may hold no or entirely
    contrary opinions or views in such regard).
3. Users can be held legally liable for the contents of their speech, and may be held legally accountable if their
    speech includes, for example, defamatory comments.
4. You agree that you will not upload or transmit any content to Getty Images that infringes (or whose inclusion in
    the Discussion Zone infringes) any patent,
    trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party.
5. Should you have any complaints about comments or attachments, or indeed any materials, within a Discussion Zone
    please contact in the first instance the
    Web Editor in London (+44) (0)20 7544 1194 or the Photographer Relations Coordinator in Seattle (+1) 206 268 1598