Terms of Service
Terms of Service
Last updated: 08/01/2025
1. Terms
By accessing this Website, accessible from http://www.gobound.com, you are agreeing to be bound by these Website Terms and Conditions of Use and agree that you are responsible for the agreement with any applicable local laws. If you disagree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from accessing this site. The materials contained in this Website are protected by copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials on ASPi Solutions Website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials
use the materials for any commercial purpose or for any public display
attempt to reverse engineer any software contained on ASPi Solutions Website
move any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or transferring the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This will let ASPi Solutions Inc. dba Bound to terminate upon violations of any of these restrictions. Upon termination, your viewing right will also be terminated and you should destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether it is printed or electronic format.
3. Disclaimer
All the materials on ASPi Solutions Inc. dba Bound Website are provided “as is”. ASPi Solutions Inc. dba Bound makes no warranties, may it be expressed or implied, therefore negates all other warranties. Furthermore, ASPi Solutions Inc. dba Bound does not make any representations concerning the accuracy or reliability of the use of the materials on its Website or otherwise relating to such materials or any sites linked to this Website.
4. Limitations
ASPi Solutions Inc. dba Bound or its suppliers will not be held accountable for any damages that will arise with the use or inability to use the materials on ASPi SolutionsInc. dba Bound Website, even if ASPi Solutions Inc. dba Bound or an authorized representative of this Website has been notified, orally or written, of the possibility of such damage. Some jurisdiction does not allow limitations on implied warranties or limitations of liability for incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on ASPi Solutions Inc. dba Bound Website may include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. ASPi Solutions Inc. dba Bound will not promise that any of the materials in this Website are accurate, complete, or current. ASPi Solutions Inc. dba Bound may change the materials contained on its Website at any time without notice. ASPi Solutions Inc. dba Bound does not make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
ASPi Solutions Inc. dba Bound has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The presence of any link does not imply endorsement by ASPi Solutions Inc. dba Bound of the site. The use of any linked website is at the user’s own risk.
7. Privacy & Data Compliance
Your use of this Website is also governed by our
Privacy Policy
, which explains how we collect, use, and protect your information. By using this Website, you acknowledge and agree to the practices described in the Privacy Policy, including compliance with applicable privacy laws such as the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
8. Site Terms of Use Modifications
ASPi Solutions Inc. dba Bound may revise these Terms of Use for its Website at any time without prior notice. By using this Website, you are agreeing to be bound by the current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
Lead More.
Manage Less.
Products
Activity Scheduling
Ticketing & Passes
Activity Registration
Facility Management
Mobile App
Fundraising
Camps
Sponsorship
Team Communication
Fan Engagement
Officials Management
Stores
Concessions
Program Management
Schools Sites & Calendar
Solutions
Schools
Associations
Resources
About Us
LEAD Network
Blog
Help Center
Contact Support
View School Sites
Careers
Policies
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Security and Privacy
Student Data Privacy
Refund Policy
Bound System Status
Subscribe to the Bound Blog
Enter your email to become a member and get updates on new posts, exclusive content, and more.
Copyright © 2026 Bound