Terms of Use - GTA5-Mods.com
Loading...
Welcome to GTA5-Mods.com
Select one of the following categories to start browsing the latest GTA 5 PC mods:
Tools
Vehicles
Paint Jobs
Weapons
Scripts
Player
Maps
Misc
More
GTA 5 Cheats
Terms of Use
Welcome and thank you for using the
GTA5-Mods.com
website ("Site"). These Terms of Use govern your use of the Site, and by using the Site you agree to be bound by these terms and consent to the information collection described in our
Privacy Policy
.
Account Creation
You may be required to create a user account ("Account") in order to use or access certain aspects of the Site. You agree that all of the details you provide in connection with your Account are about yourself and not about another individual.
Account Suspension and Termination
You agree that GTA5-Mods.com has the right, in our sole discretion, to investigate any actual or suspected violation of these Terms of Use and to suspend or terminate your Account and refuse you access to your Account or the Site for any reason, including if GTA5-Mods.com believes that you have violated these Terms of Use or any applicable law.
You may also terminate your Account and your agreement to these terms at any time through the contact page.
Account Security
You may not use anyone else's Account at any time and you may not allow anyone else to use your Account at any time. You are responsible for all activity occurring under your Account, including all activities or transactions conducted through the use of your Account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account username and password, and agree not to disclose your username and password to anyone. You agree not to transfer, resell, or otherwise convey your Account or the right to use your Account to anyone. You agree that GTA5-Mods.com will not be liable for any loss you may incur as a result of someone else using your Account, either with or without your knowledge. If you have reason to believe that your Account is no longer secure, you must: (i) promptly change your password; and (ii) immediately notify us of the problem through our contact page.
User Content
Certain aspects of the Site may allow you to submit or post a variety of content to the Site, such as text (including comments), images, videos, and other content, either directly to the Service or through a Third Party Service (collectively, "User Content"). Please be aware that User Content is not confidential and may be accessible by other users and the public. Moreover, by submitting or posting User Content to the Service (either directly or through a Third Party Service) you grant GTA5-Mods.com a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, sublicensable, assignable, unrestricted, worldwide license to use the User Content, together with all consents or waivers (if any) necessary to reproduce, distribute, publicly perform, publicly display, transmit, communicate to the public, modify and make derivative works of the User Content, by any means and in all media formats and channels now known or hereafter devised in perpetuity, and to advertise and promote such use, without further notice to, or permission from, you or any other person, and without compensation or reference to you or any other person.
Please retain copies of all User Content as GTA5-Mods.com is under no obligation to store or return any User Content to you. You are solely responsible for your User Content. GTA5-Mods.com only acts as a passive conduit for User Content, and will not be liable for any use, disclosure, or exposure of any User Content, including possibly objectionable or offensive User Content, to you, any other user, or any third party. GTA5-Mods.com is under no obligation to monitor User Content or use of the Site. However, GTA5-Mods.com has the right to monitor or moderate User Content, in our sole discretion, and to enforce our or a third party’s intellectual property rights in any User Content. GTA5-Mods.com reserves the right to discard or remove User Content from the Site in its sole discretion and without any liability whatsoever.
You represent and warrant the following as to your User Content:
Your User Content does not infringe, violate, or misappropriate any third-party intellectual property rights, including copyrights or trademarks.
Your User Content, as used in connection with the Site, will not violate any applicable laws or regulations or infringe or violate any rights of a third party.
Copyright Agent
If you believe that any User Content or other material on the Service infringes your copyright rights, please contact us with the exact URL of where the alleged infringing material is located. If we are notified that any User Content infringes another's intellectual property rights, we may remove such User Content. We have a repeat infringer policy and reserve the right to terminate your Account for submitting infringing User Content in violation of these Terms of Use once or on a repeated basis.
Disclaimer of Warranties
Your use of the Site is at your own risk, and the Site is provided "as is" without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. GTA5-Mods.com does not warrant that the service will be available, uninterrupted, secure, or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the service or the servers that make the service available are free of viruses or other harmful components. GTA5-Mods.com does not accept any liability for any loss or damage arising from your use of the Site.
Changes to These Terms of Use
GTA5-Mods.com has the discretion to update these Terms of Use at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review these Terms of Use periodically and become aware of modifications.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about these Terms of Use or your dealings with the Site, please contact us using
our contact form
.
Designed in Alderney
Made in Los Santos
GTA 5 Modding Tools
GTA 5 Vehicle Mods
GTA 5 Vehicle Paint Job Mods
GTA 5 Weapon Mods
GTA 5 Script Mods
GTA 5 Player Mods
GTA 5 Map Mods
GTA 5 Misc Mods
Latest Files
Featured Files
Most Liked Files
Most Downloaded Files
Highest Rated Files
GTA5-Mods.com Leaderboard
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
DMCA
@5mods on Twitter
5mods on Facebook
5mods on Discord