Terms & Conditions for Our Website | Kaiser Permanente
Error
There's a chat in progress.
Back
Print
Print
Terms and Conditions for our Websites, Mobile Applications and Other Communication Channels
Purpose
Kaiser Permanente provides this website (the “Website”) or mobile app (the “App”). The Website and the App are referred to collectively in these Terms and Conditions as the "Site." These Terms and Conditions apply to the Site, which is provided by Kaiser Foundation Health Plan, Inc.
(on its own behalf and on behalf of its subsidiary health plan issuers)
, Kaiser Foundation Hospitals, Risant Health, Inc., or the Permanente Medical Groups ("Kaiser Permanente" or “KP”).
For members and patients of Kaiser Permanente, when you agree to the Terms and Conditions set forth herein, you are choosing to receive your care delivery and health plan communications electronically as described herein. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, you will not receive your care delivery and health plan communications electronically unless you have otherwise agreed to do so.
The information provided on the Site is not a substitute for the advice of a personal physician or other qualified health care professional and does not constitute a diagnosis or professional treatment recommendation. Always seek the advice of a physician or other qualified health care professional with any questions regarding medical symptoms or a medical condition. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on the Site.
If you think you or someone you are taking care of has a medical or psychiatric emergency, call
911
or go to the nearest hospital.
Agreement
BY USING THE SITE OR BY CLICKING "I ACCEPT" BELOW, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR AGREEMENT TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT USE THE SITE.
Using secure messaging
Kaiser Permanente provides users with a number of interactive online services to help them better communicate with our practitioners and staff. These services may include (but are not limited to):
secure messaging, including:
email the doctor's office
ask a pharmacist
appointment requests
You agree that you will not upload or transmit any communications or content of any type (including secure messaging) that infringe upon, misappropriate or violate any rights of any party.
Please note: if you register for the Website before your coverage has started, you will have access to only a limited set of functions prior to when your full coverage begins. If you’re registered for the Website, but do not have active coverage, you will have access to records of your past care and coverage, if any.
Viewing medical records
Users may use the Site to view certain information displayed from their medical records, including the results of certain laboratory tests. Using the lab test result feature is considered to be a request to receive lab test results online or on a mobile device.
Users may also authorize other users of the Site to view health information displayed through the "Act for a Family Member" proxy feature. If you are authorized to access another user's health information, you agree to protect the confidentiality of this information and comply with state and federal privacy laws that may prohibit the redisclosure of health information without the express written authorization of the person who is the subject of the health information, including but not limited to federal law prohibiting the redisclosure of health information regarding alcohol and drug abuse referral and treatment.
In addition, although the Site displays certain information in medical records, they do not necessarily display all information found in those medical records. If you think that medical record information displayed on the Site is inaccurate, you can request Kaiser Permanente to amend the medical record by mailing a request to the department identified in your regional Notice of Privacy Practices. (A link to the Regional Notice of Privacy Practices is available at the bottom of each page on the Website) To request a complete copy of a medical record, please contact the department identified in your regional Notice of Privacy Practices responsible for providing records.
Any personal information you submit to the Site (for yourself or someone else) is governed by our Website and KP Mobile Application Privacy Statement. (A link to our Website and KP Mobile Application Privacy Statement is available at the bottom of each page on our Website and on the "Home" screen at the bottom of the KP Mobile Application.) This includes information on your rights to see and receive copies of your own or others' personal health information.
KP Mobile Application: "Jailbreaking" the mobile operating system
The KP Mobile Application is intended for use only on a mobile device that is running an unmodified manufacturer-approved operating system. Using the KP Mobile Application on a device with a modified operating system may undermine security features that are intended to protect health information from unauthorized or unintended disclosure. You may compromise your health information or the health information of anyone for whom you have been given access, if you use the KP Mobile Application on a mobile device that has been modified. Use of the KP Mobile Application on a mobile device with a modified operating system is a material breach of these Terms and Conditions.
Passwords and Biometric Authentication
Kaiser Permanente has several tools that allow you to record and store information. You are responsible for taking all reasonable steps to ensure that no unauthorized person has access to your Kaiser Permanente online password or account. It is your sole responsibility to (1) control the disclosure and use of your activation codes, password reset codes and password; (2) authorize, monitor, and control access to and use of your Kaiser Permanente online account and password; and (3) promptly change your password if you feel it has become compromised; and (4) if there’s a need, delete (deactivate) your online account.
To change your password, sign on and choose the drop-down arrow icon next to My Account at the top of the page. Then select Profile and Preferences > Account & Security > Password.
If you forget your online password, among the available methods for resetting your password is the option to choose to have a one-time password reset code sent to either the email address you provided to us when you registered for the Site or via SMS/Text on your primary mobile number on file. To protect your privacy, we recommend that you not use a shared email address or mobile device that you share with anyone else. To update your email address, sign on to the Website and choose the drop-down arrow icon next to your My Account at the top of the page. Then, select Profile and Preferences > Account & Security and follow the instructions provided.
To update your mobile number, sign on to KP Mobile Application and tap Profile icon on top right corner and follow instructions provided.
If you enable biometric authentication (e.g., iOS or iPadOS Face ID, Touch ID or Android Fingerprint) to sign on to the App, it is your responsibility to be aware that all faces or fingerprints set up on your device for such biometric authentication will be linked to your Site account associated with the App. If other people use the biometric authentication method enabled on your device, they may be able to gain access to your Kaiser Permanente account via the App and view information you consider to be private. It is your responsibility to understand the risks of biometric authentication enabled on your mobile device.
You can stop using biometric authentication to sign on to the App at any time. You can elect this option by going to the settings in the App and turning off Face ID/Touch ID/Fingerprint.
Breaches of these Terms and Conditions
In consideration of being allowed to use the Site, you agree that the following actions shall constitute a material breach of these Terms and Conditions:
signing on as or pretending to be another person (Note: this does not restrict authorized use of the "Act for a Family Member" feature on the Site.)
using secure messaging for any purpose in violation of local, state, national, international laws or posted Kaiser Permanente policies
transmitting material that infringes or violates the intellectual property rights of others or the privacy or publicity rights of others
transmitting material that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, predatory of minors, threatening, harassing, abusive, slanderous, or hateful to any person (including Kaiser Permanente personnel) or entity as determined by Kaiser Permanente in its sole discretion
using interactive services in a way that is intended to harm, or a reasonable person would understand would likely result in harm, to the user or others
collecting information about others, including email addresses
intentionally distributing viruses or other harmful computer code
attempting to (1) probe, scan, "hack", or test the vulnerability of the Site or any Kaiser Permanente system or network; or (2) breach any security or authentication measures on the Site or any Kaiser Permanente system connected to either the Site or any Kaiser Permanente system
using any "deep-link", "page-scrape", "robot", "spider", data mining tools, data gathering and extraction tools, or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, to (1) access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the Site, or (2) in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site
"Jailbreaking" the operating system of a mobile device using the App
Kaiser Permanente expressly reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate a user's access to any interactive services and/or to any or all other areas of the Site due to any act that would constitute a violation or breach of these Terms and Conditions. To the extent there is an inconsistency between these Terms and Conditions and the Website and KP Mobile Application Privacy Statement, these Terms and Conditions shall govern.
Kaiser Permanente may offer interactive areas of the Site under license with Third Party software service providers. These Terms and Conditions extend to and apply to your use of our licensors’ software. Our licensors are direct third-party beneficiaries of applicable rights under these Terms and Conditions. By using our licensor’s software, you agree to be bound directly to our licensors with respect to your compliance with these Terms and Conditions. Kaiser Permanente may directly enforce the licensors’ rights under these Terms and Conditions on the licensors’ behalf or a licensor may enforce its rights under these Terms and Conditions directly against you or other users who breach these Terms and Conditions.
Consent to Electronic (Paperless) Communications via Email, SMS Text, Website and App
By accepting these Terms and Conditions, you consent and agree to receive communications from Kaiser Permanente electronically via the Website, App, email or SMS text message, including, without limitation, essential care delivery and health plan
(coverage)
communications. These communications may include (but are not limited to):
Care Delivery:
Important Care Delivery Messages
: Notification that an important message awaits you on the Site (this may be a message from a doctor, a new lab test result, an appointment confirmation, a response from a pharmacist, etc.)
Alerts and Critical Messages
: Emergency alerts and critical messages (for example, if a snowstorm or wildfire has temporarily closed a medical center)
Health Communications
: General health communications from Kaiser Permanente providers
Health Plan, for a full list of the health plan coverage documents and communications in each category that may be sent electronically, please visit KP.org/paperless:
Coverage and Benefits
: Communications and documents pertaining to your coverage and benefits (including cost sharing) for your health plan may include, but are not limited to: Evidence of Coverage, Explanation of Benefits (EOB), Preauthorization and/or Precertification Notices and Preservice letters, Annual Membership Information, Annual Plan Information, and, upon request, IRS Form 1095-B
Billing
: Communications and documents related to billing for your Kaiser Permanente Plan which may include but are not limited to: Medical Bills, Membership Premium Payment Letters (including delinquency notices), and Premium Bills
Cost Estimates
: Communications and documents as required of health plan issuers and related to cost estimates for covered services
Other Types of Health Plan Communications
: Other types of communications may include but are not limited to: Communications about your health savings account (HSA) or wellness program awards (if applicable to you), quality information, pharmacy documents (Patient Prescription Inserts and/or Medication Guides), and other notices that may be required by law
NOTE:
Not all health plan coverage documents and/or communications may be available in your region, for your plan, and/or via the Mobile App. As additional health plan coverage communications and documents are added to those already available electronically, Kaiser Permanente will notify you
General/Other:
General Communications
: General communications relating to your account, registration, changes and updates, service outages, reminders, new services or any transaction with Kaiser Permanente
Surveys
: You may periodically receive online invitations to participate in member satisfaction and other types of surveys related to your experiences at Kaiser Permanente. Your participation in such surveys is always optional.
To maintain the privacy of these communications, you should take appropriate precautions to protect personal and confidential information, and to use your devices/apps in a secure and responsible manner. We are not responsible for the security of your devices, and we expect that you will configure them in a secure and responsible manner.
Electronic Delivery of Health Plan Coverage Communications
You have the option to withdraw your consent and choose which, if any, health plan coverage communications and/or documents you receive electronically. You may always change your mind and receive any of your health plan coverage communications or documents in paper copy. To print a copy of a specific health care delivery or health plan coverage communication, log on to your KP.org account and navigate to "My Documents", click on the specific document you'd like to view and save and print the document.
A. Electronic Delivery Method
By consenting to the receipt of communications and documents relating to health plan coverage by electronic delivery, you agree that they will be made available electronically through the Website and/or App rather than via U.S. Mail or other paper delivery method. All communications that we provide to you in electronic form, will be provided either (1) via email; (2) via the Website as described in an email notice we send to you at the time the information is available; (3) to the extent permissible by law, by access to a Third-Party Website as described in advance for such purpose in an email notice we send to you at the time the information is available; or (4) by an email requesting that you access or download a PDF file from the Website containing the document.
B. Notification that you have a New Communication
When a new health plan document or communication is delivered electronically through the Website and App, you will be notified by email to the primary email address found in your digital account profile. If Kaiser Permanente receives a notification of delivery failure (i.e. a "bounce message") that indicates that the primary email address which we have on file for you is no longer valid, we will suspend electronic delivery of all documents and communications and either notify you again using another method (such as text) or return to paper delivery of your documents and communications. We will then mail your communications and/or documents to the last known mailing address on file.
C. Hardware and Software Requirements
In order to access and retain your electronic documents, you will need the following device hardware and software:
A computer with an internet connection
A current web browser that includes 128-bit encryption (e.g., Microsoft Edge, Firefox version 71 or later, Chrome version 49 or later, or Safari version 11 or later) with cookies enabled
Current Adobe Acrobat Reader version to open documents in PDF format
A valid email address (your primary email address in your digital account profile)
Sufficient storage space to save documents or an installed printer to print them
By giving your consent at this time, you agree that you have access to the necessary hardware and software as listed above, and are able to receive, open, and print or download a copy of any document for your records.
We will notify you if there are any material changes to the hardware or software needed to receive electronic documents from Kaiser Permanente at least 30 days in advance of the date any such changes are made. At that time, we will also provide instructions on how to withdraw, change, or renew your consent for electronic delivery of your documents.
D. Updating your Contact Information
It is your responsibility to keep your primary email address up to date so that Kaiser Permanente can communicate with you electronically.
You understand and agree that if Kaiser Permanente sends you an email notification that a communication and/or document was sent and/or an electronic document has been posted, and we do not receive a notification of delivery failure (i.e. a "bounce message"), Kaiser Permanente will be deemed to have provided the communication to and/or document to you. This could occur if, for example, you do not receive it because your primary email address on file is blocked by your service provider, or you are otherwise unable to receive electronic communications.
If you use a spam filter that blocks or re-routes emails from senders not listed in your email address book, you must add the Kaiser Permanente email address to your email address book so that you will be able to receive the communications we send to you (please consult the instructions of your spam filter for specific directions on how to do this).
You can update your primary email address or mailing address at any time through your Website profile. To change your primary email address and/or mailing address, navigate to the Personal Info section of the Profiles and Preferences page on the KP.org website. To update contact information on the App, click on the profiles and settings icon in the upper right-hand corner and select "Contact Information" from the drop-down menu and follow the instructions.
E. How to Withdraw your Consent
Your consent will remain in effect until your Kaiser Permanente health plan coverage is terminated or you explicitly withdraw your consent by changing your delivery preferences through your digital account profile. You may contact the Kaiser Permanente Member Services Call Center by phone and ask a customer service representative to assist you.
When your Kaiser Permanente health plan coverage is terminated, your document(s) will be sent to you by U.S. mail at your last known mailing address on file.
F. Requesting paper copies of electronic communications and documents
If, after you consent to receive your documents electronically, you would like to receive a paper copy of a document we previously sent you, you may request a paper copy of the document by contacting the Kaiser Permanente Member Services Call Center. You may change your document delivery preference anytime by logging into your online account, select the profile icon, choose Profile & Preferences > Paperless Preferences > Customize Preferences.
Communications by Email, Website and App
We will use a transmission method that is designed to be secure to send you communications that include protected health information (as that term is defined under HIPAA) through e-mail, our Website, and/or our App. While such secure transmission methods provide reasonable protections against unauthorized access, no system can perfectly guard against risks of intentional intrusion or inadvertent disclosure of information sent to us. Moreover, when you transmit information via the Internet, your information will be transmitted over a medium that is beyond our control, and therefore the security of the transmission may be compromised before it reaches us. Accordingly, we make no guarantee as to confidentiality or security for such transmission. If you have concerns regarding the electronic transmission of protected health information, you should consider using non-electronic communication methods.
At any time, and even if you have expressly given us permission to send email messages to you, you may communicate your desire not to receive additional email messages by following the unsubscribe instructions in the email message or by adjusting your preferences on the Website or mobile app (for only certain categories of communications). You may change your notification preference anytime by logging into your online account, selecting the profile icon, and choosing Profile & Preferences > Notification Preferences. You may re-subscribe to notifications with the same process or by contacting the Kaiser Permanente Member Services Call Center.
Communications by Phone or Text
You verify that any telephone information provided to KP is true and accurate, and that you are the current subscriber or owner of any telephone number that you provide.
You acknowledge that by voluntarily providing your telephone number(s), you expressly agree to receive prerecorded voice messages and/or autodialed calls, and text messages from us, our agents, affiliates, and independent contractors related to your relationship with KP. You acknowledge that automated calls or text messages may be made to your telephone number(s) even if your telephone number(s) is registered on any state or federal Do Not Call list. You agree to receive automated calls and text messages from KP, our agents, affiliates, and independent contractors even if you cancel your account or terminate your relationship with us, except if you opt-out (see below).
The text message communications that you may receive from KP may include (but are not limited to):
A multifactor authentication (MFA) passcode sent to you after you have opted-in to receiving such a code to authenticate your logging onto the Site
General health communications from Kaiser Permanente providers including but not limited to notifications regarding upcoming or scheduled appointments, checkups and exams, hospital pre-registration instructions, pre-operative instructions, lab results, post-discharge follow-up, prescription notifications or reminders, or home healthcare instructions
General health plan communications relating to your account, registration, changes and updates, service outages, reminders, billing notifications, payment notices, new services available to members, or any transaction with KP
Marketing and promotional communications
At any time, and even if you have expressly given us permission to send voice/text messages to you, you may communicate your desire not to receive additional voice/text messages by following the stop or opt-out instructions in the voice or text message. You may re-subscribe to any or all voice/text campaign categories by contacting Kaiser Permanente Member Services Call Center or by adjusting your preferences on kp.org (for only certain categories of communications).
You acknowledge that neither Kaiser Permanente nor wireless carriers are liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
As always, message and data rates may apply and message frequency varies for any messages sent to you from us and to us from you. If you have any questions about your text plan or data plan, it is best to contact your wireless carrier.
You acknowledge that you are aware text messages are not fully secure and could be intercepted by a third party and acknowledge if you share your mobile device with others, they may be able to view text messages sent by Kaiser Permanente. It is your responsibility to understand the risks of receiving text messages on your mobile device. To update your mobile phone number, sign on to the Website and choose the arrow icon next to your name at the top of the page. Then, select Profile and Preferences, and choose "Edit" under "Mobile numbers". You may also need to update your phone number with your employer or health benefit exchange.
Data integrity and correction
Although we attempt to maintain the integrity and accuracy of the information on the Site, we make no guarantees as to its correctness, completeness, or accuracy. The Site may contain typographical errors, inaccuracies, or other errors or omissions. Also, unauthorized additions, deletions, or alterations could be made to the Site by third parties without our knowledge. If you believe that information found on the Site is inaccurate or unauthorized, please inform us by contacting our Site Manager. (On the Website, you may contact our Site Manager using the link available at the bottom of each web page.) If you believe there are inaccuracies concerning your medical information or health plan documents please contact Kaiser Permanente Member Services Call Center.
Revisions, changes, and updates
We may revise the information on the Site or otherwise change or update the Site, including these Terms and Conditions, without notice to you. Kaiser Permanente may also make improvements and/or changes in products and/or services described on the Site or add new features at any time without notice. We encourage you to periodically read these Terms and Conditions to see if there have been any changes to our policies that may affect you. Your continued use of the Site will signify your continued agreement to these Terms and Conditions as they may be revised.
Links to Third-Party Websites
The Site provides links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by Kaiser Permanente ("Third Party Websites"). We provide links to Third Party Websites as follows.
Kaiser Permanente provides links to Third-Party Websites to connect you easily to additional sources of health information or third-party services that may be of interest to you. We may not have any business relationship with the party that controls this type of Third-Party Website and a link to such a site is offered only as a convenience to you.
Kaiser Permanente also provides links to Third Party Websites managed by vendors that we have made arrangements with to offer you services to help you manage your health or to take and fulfill orders when you purchase items or materials from us. These Third-Party Websites may be co-branded, meaning that they display the Kaiser Permanente logo and the logo of the Third-Party vendor but they are owned and controlled by the Third Party.
In each such instance, where practicable, we will let you know when you are leaving the Site and linking to a Third Party Website. We may use an icon that we identify with an appropriate legend to let you know when you are leaving the Website.
Kaiser Permanente may not be responsible for the content, security or the privacy practices of Third-Party Websites. Please review the privacy statement and any terms of use of each Third-Party Website you visit, if applicable. Unless we specifically advise you otherwise, links to Third Party Websites do not constitute or imply endorsement by Kaiser Permanente of those sites, the information they contain or any products or services they describe. Kaiser Permanente does not receive payment or other remuneration in exchange for you linking to or using any Third-Party Website.
Deletion (Deactivation) of Your Online Account
If you request that we delete (deactivate) your online account, we will block access to your online account, but we will not delete any data or other information of the Kaiser Permanente applications or websites associated with that online account. You will not be able to use any Kaiser Permanente mobile applications or websites that use the same user ID and password associated with the online account. If you wish to reactivate your online account to regain access to such Kaiser Permanente mobile applications or websites, please call the Kaiser Permanente Member Services Call Center. With a deleted (deactivated) online account you'll only be able to receive copies of your medical records by calling Kaiser Permanente Member Services Call Center for the contact information of your local medical record office.
To deactivate your online account, login, select the drop down on the top right profile icon, choose Profile and Preferences > Account & Security > Deactivate account.
Disclaimer of Warranties
THE SITE, AND ANY CONTENT, INFORMATION, SERVICES OR PRODUCTS OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS," WITH ALL FAULTS, WITH NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS VOLUNTARY, AND AT YOUR OWN RISK. ANY REFERENCES TO SPECIFIC PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ON THE SITE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE OR IMPLY A RECOMMENDATION OR ENDORSEMENT OF SUCH PRODUCTS OR SERVICES BY KAISER PERMANENTE UNLESS SPECIFICALLY STATED OTHERWISE.
Limitation of Liability
KAISER PERMANENTE AND ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS AND OTHER THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED OR LINKED TO ON THE SITE ARE NEITHER RESPONSIBLE NOR LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR OTHER DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE RESULTING FROM LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE SITE, AND ANY CONTENT, INFORMATION, SERVICES OR PRODUCTS OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE, ANY APP TO WHICH YOU PERMIT KAISER PERMANENTE TO RELEASE DATA (AND INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE APP'S USE OF ANY DATA YOU MAKE AVAILABLE TO THE APP), AND/OR ANY THIRD PARTY WEBSITE, OR YOUR USE OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY AND WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. EXCEPT AS DESCRIBED IN THE FOLLOWING PARAGRAPH, YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE, SITE-RELATED SERVICES, APPS, AND/OR THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES IS TO STOP USING THE SITE, APPS, AND/OR THOSE SERVICES.
APPLICABLE LAWS MAY NOT ALLOW SUCH DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES, LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY, OR THE EXCLUSIONS FROM SUCH LIABILITY, AND YOU MAY BE ENTITLED TO SEEK OTHER REMEDIES UNDER YOUR EVIDENCE OF COVERAGE OR OTHER AGREEMENT WITH KAISER PERMANENTE. IN SUCH CASE, THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Choice of Law
THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ARE GOVERNED BY CALIFORNIA LAW WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW. IF ANY VERSION OF THE UNIFORM COMPUTER INFORMATION TRANSACTIONS ACT (UCITA) IS ENACTED AS PART OF THE LAW OF CALIFORNIA, THAT STATUTE SHALL NOT GOVERN ANY ASPECT OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
Copyrights
Except as otherwise indicated, the Site and all content on the Site, including text, graphics, logos, button icons, photos, images, forms, audio, video, questionnaires, and software, is the property of Kaiser Permanente or its licensors and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. Kaiser Permanente allows you to view or download a single copy of the material on the Site solely for your personal, noncommercial use.
The compilation of all content on the Site is the exclusive property of Kaiser Permanente or, as applicable, its licensors, and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. Unless specifically authorized in writing by Kaiser Permanente, any use of these materials, or of any materials contributed to the Site by entities other than Kaiser Permanente, on any other website or networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited.
Any rights not expressly granted by these Terms and Conditions or any applicable end-user license agreements are reserved by Kaiser Permanente. Content and features are subject to change or termination without notice in the editorial discretion of Kaiser Permanente.
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. If you believe in good faith that materials appearing on the Site infringe your copyright, you (or your agent) may send us a notice requesting that the material be removed, or access to it blocked.
In addition, if you believe in good faith that a notice of copyright infringement has been wrongly filed against you, the DMCA permits you to send us a counter-notice. Notices and counter-notices must meet statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA. One place to find more information is the U.S. Copyright Office website, currently located at
https://www.copyright.gov
﻿
.
In accordance with the DMCA, Kaiser Permanente has designated an agent to receive notification of alleged copyright infringement in accordance with the DMCA. Any written Notification of Claimed Infringement should comply with Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(3)(A) and should be provided in writing to our designated agent as follows:
Agent: kp.org Copyright Compliance Department
Address: Kaiser Permanente, KP Digital, 4460 Hacienda Drive, Building A, 3rd floor, Pleasanton, CA 94588
Fax: 1-925-737-2276
Phone:
1-925-598-2799
Email:
ISG.QA-Compliance@kp.org
(This telephone number is for copyright-related complaints only. No solicitations. For member and website services, call
800-556-7677
.)
Please note: If you materially misrepresent that online material, product, or activity is infringing your copyrights, you may be liable for damages (including court costs and attorneys' fees) and could be subject to criminal prosecution for perjury. We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice or counter-notice.
Trademarks and Service Marks
"Kaiser Permanente" and the Kaiser Permanente logo are registered service marks of Kaiser Foundation Health Plan, Inc. Other proprietary marks of Kaiser Permanente or third parties may be designated as such from time to time on the Site through use of the TM, SM, or® symbols. Users of the Site are not authorized to make any use of the Kaiser Permanente marks or the proprietary marks of third parties, including but not limited to, as meta tags or in any other fashion that may create a false or misleading impression of affiliation or sponsorship with or by Kaiser Permanente or the applicable third party.
Copyright© 1995 to 2025 Kaiser Permanente. All rights reserved for all countries.
Last updated: June 2025
Version 2.0
Back
One moment
Switching to {{aocRegion}}
Find care
Get Care
Find Doctors & Locations
Health Classes
Care When Traveling
Timely Access to Care
Our organization
About KP
﻿
Patient Quality & Safety
News
﻿
Research
﻿
Commitment to the Community
﻿
Equity, Inclusion, & Diversity
﻿
Annual Report
﻿
Careers
﻿
For the Media
﻿
Price Transparency
Member support
New Member Welcome
Forms & Publications
Support Center
Help Paying your Bills
Medical Information Requests
Request for Confidential Communications Forms
HIPAA Authorization
Visit our other sites
For Businesses
﻿
For Federal Employees
﻿
Accessibility
Nondiscrimination Notice
Help in Your Language
Website Privacy
HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices
Your Privacy Choices
Terms & Conditions
Rights & Responsibilities
Disaster Planning
Technical Information
Site Map
Accessibility
Nondiscrimination Notice
Help in Your Language
Website Privacy
HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices
Your Privacy Choices
Terms & Conditions
Rights & Responsibilities
Disaster Planning
Technical Information
Site Map
Follow us on these external social media sites that will open in a new browser window.
Kaiser Permanente health plans around the country: Kaiser Foundation Health Plan, Inc., in Northern and Southern California and Hawaii • Kaiser Foundation Health Plan of Colorado • Kaiser Foundation Health Plan of Georgia, Inc., Nine Piedmont Center, 3495 Piedmont Road NE, Atlanta, GA 30305 • Kaiser Foundation Health Plan of the Mid-Atlantic States, Inc., in Maryland, Virginia, and Washington, D.C., 4000 Garden City Drive, Hyattsville, MD, 20785 • Kaiser Foundation Health Plan of the Northwest, 500 NE Multnomah St., Suite 100, Portland, OR 97232 • Kaiser Foundation Health Plan of Washington or Kaiser Foundation Health Plan of Washington Options, Inc., 2715 Naches Ave. SW, Renton, WA 98057
Selecting these links
will take you away from KP.org. Kaiser Permanente is not responsible for the content or policies of external websites.
Learn more about link terms and conditions
.
For the best experience,
Adobe Acrobat
﻿
is recommended for reading PDFs.
MyChart® licensed from Epic Systems Corporation, © 1999-2024. Patents pending.
© {{currentyear}} Kaiser Foundation Health Plan, Inc.
Importante
No volver a mostrar esto.
Continuar
Cancelar
Want to stay signed on?
Sign Off
Stay signed on
We are unable to switch you to this area of care
Close
We’re getting your information
Close