Terms and Conditions - HELLO! Magazine | HELLO!
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
HELLO! Magazine Terms and Conditions
By using this website you agree to accept these website terms of use. If you do not agree with these terms, you should exit immediately.
Subscription Terms and Conditions
UK subscriptions may not include promotional items, supplements or updated versions available on certain issues at retail outlets. All orders will be acknowledged and you will be advised of the start issue within 14 days. Certain subscription offers for new subscribers may include a free gift. These gifts will not be available for magazines delivered to overseas addresses. Gifts are subject to availability and strictly limited on a first come first serve basis. Should we run out of the listed item you may be offered an alternative product. Overseas subscriptions which are only available in selected countries are for the magazine only and do not include promotional items or supplements available on certain issues in the UK. For more information please refer to Terms and Conditions specified on the applicable offer. In certain circumstances a magazine subscription may be cancelled during the subscription term and a refund of any unmailed issues will be made. Refunds will be a bank cheque only. All offers are for new subscriptions only and cannot be used in conjunction with any other subscription offers or to renew an existing subscription. The minimum subscription term is 12 issues unless otherwise specified. All savings are based on the basic UK cover price of HELLO!. For UK subscription enquiries, please telephone 01858 438430. For overseas subscription enquiries, call +44 (0)1858 438430.
In compliance with the provisions of the current regulations on Protection of Personal Data, we inform you that your personal data will be processed by HELLO Ltd as Data Controller for the purpose of administrative, tax and accounting management of your print subscription. Likewise, we inform you that except under legal obligation or through your express consent that HELLO! Ltd will not transfer your data to any third parties.You have the right to obtain confirmation of whether we are processing your personal data at HELLO! Ltd, and also the right to access your personal data, to rectify inaccurate data or request its deletion when the data is no longer necessary as well as exercising other rights explained in our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy, please visit our website
hellomagazine.com
or
contact@hellomagazine.com
.
Content Rights
The copyright and all other rights in all of the material contained on, in or available through this website are owned by HELLO! Ltd, or the material is included with the permission of the rights owner.
www.hellomagazine.com
is made available for your own, personal use. You may not use this website for any manner or for any purpose which is illegal or unauthorized or for any commercial purpose whatsoever. You may not use, copy, reproduce, modify, edit, publish, redistribute, transmit, commercially exploit, store or upload the content on this website without the prior written consent of HELLO! Ltd.
The Information on this Site
Whilst we try to ensure that the information on this site is accurate and complete, HELLO! Ltd does not accept any liability arising from any inaccuracy or omission in the information on this site. We advise you to verify the accuracy of any information before relying on it. All content and functionality on this website is provided on an "as is" basis.
Our Terms of Supply
1. These terms:
1.1 What these terms cover. These are the terms and conditions on which we supply products to you.
1.2 Why you should read them. Please read these terms carefully before you submit your order to us. These terms tell you who we are, how we will provide products to you, how you and we may change or end the contract, what to do if there is a problem and other important information. If you think that there is a mistake in these terms, please contact us to discuss.
2. Information about us and how to contact us
2.1 Who we are. We are the
Hello! Magazine
website. Hello Magazine Limited, is a Private limited company established in the United Kingdom with registered number 2210024. Our VAT number is GB-480771530.
2.2 How to contact us. You can contact us using the contact form on our website.
2.3 How we may contact you. If we must contact you, we will do so by writing to you at the email address or postal address you provided to us in your order.
2.4 "Writing" includes emails. When we use the words "writing" or "written" in these terms, this includes emails.
3. Our contract with you
3.1 How we will accept your order. Our acceptance of your order will take place when we email you to accept it, at which point a contract will come into existence between you and us.
3.2 If we cannot accept your order. If we are unable to accept your order, we will inform you of this and will not charge you for the product. This might be because the product is out of stock, because of unexpected limits on our resources which we could not reasonably plan for, because we have identified an error in the price or description of the product or because we are unable to meet a delivery deadline you have specified.
3.3 Your order number. We will assign an order number to your order and tell you what it is when we accept your order. It will help us if you can tell us the order number whenever you contact us about your order.
3.4 We only sell to specified territories. We are able to provide international delivery to countries specified on our website. If you order products from us for delivery to one of the international delivery destinations, you acknowledge that your order may be subject to import duties and other taxes or charges which are applied when the product reaches that destination. You agree that we do not have any control over these duties, taxes or charges and that you will be responsible for payment of any that are due. If you are unsure, please contact your local customs office for further information before placing your order. You acknowledge that you must comply with all applicable laws and regulations applicable in the country for which the products are destined. We will not be liable or responsible if you break any such law.
4. Our products
4.1 Products may vary slightly from their pictures. The images of the products on our website are for illustrative purposes only. Although we have made every effort to display the colors accurately, we cannot guarantee that a device's display of the colors accurately reflects the color of the products. Your product may vary slightly from those images.
4.2 Product packaging may vary. The packaging of the product may vary from that shown in images on our website.
4.3 Making sure your measurements are accurate. If we are making the product to measurements, you have given us you are responsible for ensuring that these measurements are correct. You can find information and tips on how to measure on our website or by contacting us.
4.4 Availability. All products are subject to availability. We will inform you by e-mail as soon as possible if the product you have ordered is not available and if that is the case your order for such Product will not be processed.
5. Your rights to make changes
5.1 If you wish to make a change to the product you have ordered please contact us within 24 hours after placing the order. We will let you know if the change is possible. If it is possible, we will let you know about any changes to the price of the product, the timing of supply or anything else which would be necessary as a result of your requested change and ask you to confirm whether you wish to go ahead with the change. If we cannot make the change or the consequences of making the change are unacceptable to you, you may want to end the contract (see clause 8 - Your rights to end the contract).
6. Our rights to make changes
6.1 Minor changes to the products. We may change the product:
6.1.1 to reflect changes in relevant laws and regulatory requirements; and
6.1.2 to reflect changes in suppliers’ materials or processes or to implement minor technical adjustments and improvements. These changes will not substantially affect your use of the product.
6.2 More significant changes to the products and these terms. In addition, if we make more significant changes to the product, we will notify you and you may then contact us to end the contract before the changes take effect and receive a refund for any products paid for but not received.
7. Providing the products
7.1 Delivery costs. The costs of delivery will be as displayed to you on our website.
7.2 When we will provide the products. During the order process we will let you know an estimated date by when the products will be provided to you. If the product is part of a specific marketing campaign that is reliant on other purchasers placing orders to the same item, we may not be able to send products out for delivery until the end of the campaign in question (and subject also to clause 10.3 below). The usual situation is that products will be shipped within two weeks of the end of the relevant campaign.
7.3 We are not responsible for delays outside our control. We will make reasonable endeavors in the prevailing circumstances to deliver the Product to you. Our obligations are met once the Product has been produced and dispatched, rather than when you receive the Product.
7.4 If you are not at home when the product is delivered. If no one is available at your address to take delivery and the products cannot be posted through your letterbox, we will leave you a note informing you of how to rearrange delivery or collect the products from a local depot.
7.5 If you do not re-arrange delivery. If you do not collect the products from us as arranged or if, after a failed delivery to you, you do not re-arrange delivery or collect them from a delivery depot we will contact you for further instructions and may charge you for during storage costs and any further delivery costs. If, despite our reasonable efforts, we are unable to contact you or re-arrange delivery or collection we may end the contract and clause 10.2 will apply.
7.6 When you become responsible for the goods. A product will be your responsibility from the time we deliver the product to the address you gave us.
7.7 When you own goods. You own a product which is goods once we have received payment in full including all applicable delivery charges and taxes.
7.8 What will happen if you do not give required information to us. We may need certain information from you so that we can supply the products to you, for example, size and color. If you do not give us this information within a reasonable time of us asking for it, or if you give us incomplete or incorrect information, we may either end the contract (and clause 10.2 will apply) or make an additional charge of a reasonable sum to compensate us for any extra work that is required as a result. We will not be responsible for supplying the products late or not supplying any part of them if this is caused by you not giving us the information, we need within a reasonable time of us asking for it.
7.9 Reasons we may suspend the supply of products to you. We may have to suspend the supply of a product to:
7.9.1 deal with technical problems or make minor technical changes.
7.9.2 update the product to reflect relevant laws and regulatory requirements.
7.9.3 make changes to the product as requested by you or notified by us to you (see clause 6).
7.10 Your rights if we suspend the supply of products. We will contact you in advance to tell you we will be suspending supply of the product unless the problem is urgent or an emergency. If we must suspend the product for longer than 30 days, you may contact us to end the contract and you will be refunded any sums you have paid in advance.
7.11 We may also suspend supply of the products if you do not pay. If you do not pay us for the products when you are supposed to for any reason (see clause 12.4).
8. Your rights to end the contract
8.1 You may end your contract with us. Your rights when you end the contract will depend on what you have bought, whether there is anything wrong with it, how we are performing and when you decide to end the contract:
8.1.1 If what you have bought is faulty or misdescribed you may have a legal right to end the contract (or to get the product repaired or replaced or to get some or all your money back), see clause 11.
8.1.2 If you want to end the contract because of something we have done or have told you we are going to do, see clause 8.2.
8.1.3 If you have just changed your mind about the product, see clause 8.3. You may be able to get a refund if you are within the cooling-off period, but this may be subject to deductions, and you may have to pay the costs of return of any goods.
8.1.4 In all other cases (if we are not at fault and there is no right to change your mind), see clause 8.4.
8.2 Ending the contract because of something we have done or are going to do. If you are ending a contract for a reason set out at (a) to (e) below the contract will end immediately and we will refund you in full for any products which have not been provided and you may also be entitled to compensation. The reasons are:
8.2.1 we have told you about an upcoming change to the product or these terms which you do not agree to (see clause 6.2).
8.2.2 we have told you about an error in the price or description of the product you have ordered, and you do not wish to proceed.
8.2.3 there is a risk that supply of the products may be significantly delayed because of events outside our control.
8.2.4 we have suspended supply of the products for technical reasons, or notify you we are going to suspend them for technical reasons, in each case for a period of more than 60 days, or
8.2.5 you have a legal right to end the contract because of something we have done wrong.
8.3 Exercising your right to change your mind (Consumer Contracts Regulations 2013). For most products bought online you have a legal right to change your mind within 14 days and receive a refund. However, please note that you do not have a right to change your mind in respect of Products that are made to your specifications or are clearly personalized (regulation 28(1)(b), Consumer Contracts Regulations 2013). You acknowledge that if you cancel the contract in circumstances where the right to change your mind does not apply, you must pay us reasonable compensation for the net costs we will incur as a result of your cancellation.
8.4 Ending the contract where we are not at fault and there is no right to change your mind. Even if we are not at fault and you do not have a right to change your mind (see clause 8.1), you can still end the contract before it is completed, but you may have to pay us compensation. A contract for goods is completed when the product is delivered and paid for. If you want to end a contract before it is completed where we are not at fault and you have not changed your mind, just contact us to let us know. The contract will end immediately, and we will refund any sums paid by you for products not provided but we may deduct from that refund (or, if you have not made an advance payment, charge you reasonable compensation for the net costs we will incur as a result of your ending the contract.
9. How to end the contract with us (including if you have changed your mind)
9.1 Tell us you want to end the contract. To end the contract with us, please use the contact form on our website to notify us. Please provide your name, details of the order including order number and the product.
9.2 Returning products after ending the contract. If you end the contract for any reason after products have been dispatched to you or you have received them, if we request it, you must return them to us. We can provide a return label. If you are exercising your right to change your mind and we ask you to return the goods you must send them off within 14 days of telling us, you wish to end the contract.
9.3 When we will pay the costs of return. We will pay the costs of return:
9.3.1 if the products are faulty or misdescribed.
9.3.2 if you are ending the contract because we have told you of an upcoming change to the product or these terms, an error in pricing or description, a delay in delivery due to events outside our control or because you have a legal right to do so as a result of something we have done wrong; or In all other circumstances, including where you are exercising your right to change your mind, you must pay the costs of return.
9.4 What we charge for collection. If you are responsible for the costs of return and we are collecting the product from you, we will charge you the direct cost to us of collection. The costs of collection will be the same as our charges for standard delivery.
9.5 How we will refund you. We will refund you the price you paid for the products including delivery costs, by the method you used for payment. However, we may make deductions from the price, as described below.
9.6 Deductions from refunds if you are exercising your right to change your mind. If you are exercising your right to change your mind:
9.6.1 We may reduce your refund of the price (excluding delivery costs) to reflect any reduction in the value of the goods if this has been caused by your handling them in a way which would not be permitted in a shop. If we refund you the price paid before we are able to inspect the goods and later discover you have handled them in an unacceptable way, you must pay us an appropriate amount.
9.6.2 The maximum refund for delivery costs will be the costs of delivery by the least expensive delivery method we offer. For example, if we offer delivery of a product within 3-5 days at one cost but you choose to have the product delivered within 24 hours at a higher cost, then we will only refund what you would have paid for the cheaper delivery option.
9.7 When your refund will be made. We will make any refunds due to you as soon as possible. If you are exercising your right to change your mind, then:
9.7.1 If the products are goods and we have not offered to collect them, your refund will be made within 14 days from the day on which we receive the product back from you or, if earlier, the day on which you provide us with evidence that you have sent the product back to us.
9.7.2 In all other cases, your refund will be made within 14 days of your telling us you have changed your mind
10. Our rights to end the contract
10.1 We may end the contract if you break it. We may end the contract for a product at any time by writing to you if:
10.1.1 you do not make any payment to us when it is due, and you still do not make payment within 14 days of us reminding you that payment is due;
10.1.2 you do not, within a reasonable time of us asking for it, provide us with information that is necessary for us to provide the products.
10.1.3 you do not, within a reasonable time, allow us to deliver the products to you or collect them from us.
10.2 You must compensate us if you break the contract. If we end the contract in the situations set out in clause 10.1 we will refund any money you have paid in advance for products we have not provided but we may deduct or charge you reasonable compensation for the net costs we will incur as a result of your breaking the contract.
10.3 We may withdraw the product. We may write to you to let you know that we are going to stop providing the product. We will let you know as far as reasonably possible in advance of our stopping the supply of the product and will refund any sums you have paid in advance for products which will not be provided.
11. If there is a problem with the product
11.1 How to tell us about problems. We are under a legal duty to supply products that are in conformity with this contract. If you have any questions or complaints about the product, please contact us using the contact form on our website.
11.2 Returning rejected products. If you wish to exercise your legal rights to reject products, you must post them back to us if we ask you to. We will pay the costs of postage and can provide a return label.
12. Price and payment
12.1 Where to find the price for the product. The price of the product (which includes VAT) will be the price indicated on the order pages when you placed your order. We take all reasonable care to ensure that the price of the product advised to you is correct. However please see clause 12.3 for what happens if we discover an error in the price of the product you order.
12.2 We will pass on changes in the rate of VAT. If the rate of VAT changes between your order date and the date we supply the product, we will adjust the rate of VAT that you pay, unless you have already paid for the product in full before the change in the rate of VAT takes effect.
12.3 What happens if we got the price wrong. It is always possible that, despite our best efforts, some of the products we sell may be incorrectly priced. We will normally check prices before accepting your order so that, where the product's correct price at your order date is less than our stated price at your order date, we will charge the lower amount. If the product's correct price at your order date is higher than the price stated to you, we will contact you for your instructions before we accept your order.
12.4 When you must pay and how you must pay. You must pay for the products before we dispatch them. Your payment card will be charged at the time when you place the order.
12.5 Delivery charges: the price of a product does not include delivery charges. The delivery charges are as quoted on our website from time to time. Relevant delivery charges are provided when you select an order for purchase, at the check-out.
13. Our responsibility for loss or damage suffered by you
13.1 We are responsible to you for foreseeable loss and damage caused by us. If we fail to comply with these terms, we are responsible for loss or damage you suffer that is a foreseeable result of our breaking this contract or our failing to use reasonable care and skill, but we are not responsible for any loss or damage that is not foreseeable. Loss or damage is foreseeable if either it is obvious that it will happen or if, at the time the contract was made, both we and you knew it might happen, for example, if you discussed it with us during the sales process.
13.2 We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors; for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; for breach of your legal rights in relation to the products including the right to receive products which are: as described and match information we provided to you and any sample or model seen or examined by you; of satisfactory quality; and fit for any particular purpose made known to us; and for defective products under the Consumer Protection Act 1987
13.3 We are not liable for business losses. We only supply the products for domestic and private use. If you use the products for any commercial, business or re-sale purpose we will have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
14. How we may use your personal information
14.1 How we may use your personal information. We will only use your personal information as set out in our
Privacy policy
.
15. Other important terms
15.1 We may transfer this agreement to someone else. We may transfer our rights and obligations under these terms to another organization. We will contact you to let you know if we plan to do this. If you are unhappy with the transfer, you may contact us to end the contract within 14 days of us telling you about it and we will refund you any payments you have made in advance for products not provided.
15.2 You need our consent to transfer your rights to someone else (except that you can always transfer our guarantee). You may only transfer your rights or your obligations under these terms to another person if we agree to this in writing.
15.3 Nobody else has any rights under this contract (except someone you pass your guarantee on to). This contract is between you and us. No other person shall have any rights to enforce any of its terms. Neither of us will need to get the agreement of any other person in order to end the contract or make any changes to these terms.
15.4 If a court finds part of this contract illegal, the rest will continue in force. Each of the paragraphs of these terms operates separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any of them are unlawful, the remaining paragraphs will remain in full force and effect.
15.5 Even if we delay in enforcing this contract, we can still enforce it later. If we do not insist immediately that you do anything you are required to do under these terms, or if we delay in taking steps against you in respect of your breaking this contract, that will not mean that you do not have to do those things and it will not prevent us taking steps against you at a later date. For example, if you miss a payment and we do not chase you, but we continue to provide the products, we can still require you to make the payment at a later date.
15.6 Which laws apply to this contract and where you may bring legal proceedings. These terms are governed by English law, and you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the products in the English courts. If you live in Scotland, you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the products in either the Scottish or the English courts. If you live in Northern Ireland, you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the products in either the Northern Irish or the English courts.
© 2000-2026, HELLO!