Home / Terms of use
This document is an electronic record in terms of Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules there under as applicable and the amended provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures.

By visiting this Platform/Website you agree to be legally bound by these terms, which shall take effect immediately on your first use of this Platform/Website. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all the following terms, please do not access and/or use this Platform/Website. We may in our sole discretion change/alter/modify/amend these terms at any time by posting changes online. Please review these terms regularly to ensure you are aware of any changes/alterations/modifications/amendments made by us. Your continued use of this Platform/Website after changes/alterations/modifications/amendments to these terms are posted means you agree to be legally bound by these terms as updated and/or amended from time to time.

Rights have been granted for _____myteam11.com_  (hereinafter referred to as “Website/Webpage/Platform”) to _MyTeam11__. This Website/Webpage/Platform is managed, controlled and operated by __MyTeam11__. 

myteam11.com is a Website/Webpage/Platform by which users may voluntarily play the third party provided fantasy game(s) with or without downloading the same subject to their terms and conditions and privacy policy. HTDS and third party fantasy game provider(s) are “independent contractor” and no other relationship exist between the Parties. Your participation in the said third party fantasy games on the Website/Webpage/Platform is completely voluntary and completely uninfluenced by HTDS or any of HTDS employee(s) in any manner whatsoever.

Below are our terms and conditions for use of this Website/Webpage/Platform which shall apply whenever you access this Website/Webpage/Platform, on whatever devices.

A. Registration and Usage of the Website/Webpage/Platform:

By registering on the Platform/Website/Webpage, You confirm that use of Platform/Website/Webpage shall be for your personal use / purpose and not for any commercial use / purpose. You confirm that Your right to access, use, deal with or transact on the Platform/Website/Webpage cannot be assigned to any other person and custody of user Id and password to access, deal with or transact on the Platform/Website shall be sole responsibility of You and You shall be responsible and liable for any misuse of user Id and password assigned to You.

You agree, undertake and confirm that Your use of the Platform/Website shall be strictly governed by the following binding principles:

1. You shall not host, display, upload, modify, publish, transmit, update or share any information which:
1. belongs to another person and to which You does not have any right to;
2. is grossly harmful, harassing, blasphemous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, paedophilic, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatever; or unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing;
3. is misleading in any way;
4. is patently offensive to the online community, such as sexually explicit content, or content that promotes obscenity, paedophilia, racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual;
5. harasses or advocates harassment of another person;
6. involves the transmission of "junk mail", "chain letters", or unsolicited mass mailing or "spamming";
7. promotes illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libelous;
8. infringes upon or violates any third party's rights [including, but not limited to, intellectual property rights, rights of privacy (including without limitation unauthorized disclosure of a person's name, email address, physical address or phone number) or rights of publicity];
9. provides material that exploits people in a sexual, violent or otherwise inappropriate manner or solicits personal information from anyone;
10. solicits gambling or engages in any gambling activity which could be construed as being illegal;
11. impersonate another person;
12. threatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states, or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognizable offence or prevents investigation of any offence or is insulting any other nation.
  2. You shall not use any "deep-link", "page-scrape", "robot", "spider" or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the Platform/Website or any content or information, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Platform/Website or any content, to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through Platform/Website. 


3. You agree that usage of this Website/Platform is at your own risk. You shall be solely be responsible for sharing your information with the third party fantasy game provider and we shall have no obligations/liability/responsibility as regard the same. 

B) ELIGIBILITY:

You will be eligible for using this Website/Webpage/Platform only if you have attained the age of 18 or more. By accepting the services or by otherwise using this Website/Webpage/Platform you represent that you are at least 18 years of age and have not been previously suspended or removed, or disqualified for any other reason, from using this Website/Webpage/Platform or the third party fantasy game provider services. In addition, you represent and warrant that you have the right, authority and capacity to enter into this Agreement and to abide by all the T&Cs as part of this Agreement. You shall not impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your identity, age or affiliation with any person or entity. In the event of any violation of the T&Cs, we reserve the right to suspend or permanently restrict your access to this Website/Webpage/Platform.

C) LICENSE:

We hereby grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-assignable and non-transferable license to access the Website/Platform provided and expressly conditioned upon your agreement that all such access and use shall be governed by all of the terms and conditions set forth in this document.

D) COPYRIGHT & NO RETRANSMISSION OF INFORMATION:

1) All the information contained on the Platform/Website/Webpage is the valuable, exclusive property of the third party fantasy game provider and nothing in this document shall be construed as transferring or assigning any such ownership rights to you or any other person or entity. 

2) You may not copy, reproduce, republish, download, post, broadcast, transmit, redistribute, make available to the public, or otherwise use the content available on the Platform/Website in any way except for your own personal, non-commercial use. You also agree not to adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any content available on the Platform/Website except for your own personal, non-commercial use. You agree that if you do repeat or re-post any information available on the Website/Webpage/Platform by any mean, you will be liable for actual and punitive damages as determined by the third party fantasy game provider and additional damages to be determined by an Indian court of Law. 

3) You agree to use of the Website/Webpage/Platform only for lawful purposes and in a way that does not infringe the rights of, restrict or inhibit anyone else's use and enjoyment of the said Website/Webpage/Platform.

E) Disclaimer of Liability

We do not accept any responsibility or liability for any statement in the material/content/information/fantasy game provided on the Website/Webpage/Platform by the third party fantasy game provider including any dispute regarding the monetary aspect. All material/content/information published on the Website/Webpage/Platform shall be published by the third party fantasy game provider. You may directly contact them for any concerns or issues regarding their content/game (refer the clauses below for more information on their contact/support details).

We give no warranties of any kind and make no representations for the material, content information, recommendations, software, product, features, services, names, images, pictures, logos and icons found on the Website/Webpage/Platform and take no liabilities whether express or implied as regard the same. Claims/Concerns, if any including for any monetary aspect, shall directly lie against the third party fantasy game provider. 

You can access other sites being third party sites via links from the Website/Webpage/Platform. These sites are not under our control, and we are not responsible in any way for any of their contents or performance. Your use and access to these third party websites shall be solely at your risk and subject to the terms and conditions of the respective third party website owners.

Under no circumstances shall we be liable for any of the following losses or damages (whether such losses where foreseen, foreseeable, known or otherwise): (a) loss of data. (b) loss of revenue or anticipated profits. (c) loss of business. (d) loss of opportunity. (e) loss of goodwill or injury to reputation. (f) losses suffered by third parties; or (g) any indirect, consequential, special, or exemplary damages arising from the use of the Website/Webpage/Platform regardless of the form of action whether based on contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise.

It is hereby clarified that all monetary transactions as regard the said third party fantasy game shall be between you and the third party fantasy game provider and we shall have no control/access/record of the same. We hereby disclaim any and all claims/liabilities/responsibilities regarding any monetary transaction/concerns/related issues which shall, if any, lie solely against the third party fantasy game provider.


F) Third Party Material on the Website/Webpage/Platform

You will see advertising material submitted by third parties/service providers on the Website/Webpage/Platform. Advertisers are solely responsible for the content of advertising material, which they submit to us, including ensuring that it complies with relevant legislation. We accept no responsibility for the content of advertising material, including, without limitation, any error, omission, or inaccuracy therein and any claims including third party claims/liabilities/issues/damages arising due to such advertising materials and the same shall solely lie against the respective third party advertisement provider.
G) Terms of use of authorized third party fantasy game proivder  

While you access the fantasy game provided by the third party provider on this Website/Webpage/Platform you will be governed by the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy of the said third party game provider available at https://www.myteam11.com/fantasy-sports/more/terms-n-conditions and https://www.myteam11.com/fantasy-sports/more/privacy-policy. Hence, you must carefully read these terms of use and privacy policy thoroughly before playing the game.  We shall not be liable and/or responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which the user provides whilst visiting this Website/Webpage/Platform as the user will directly be providing it to the third party fantasy game provider. Accordingly the same shall be governed by the privacy policy of the respective third party fantasy game provider. You are requested to exercise caution and look at the privacy policy of the said third party fantasy game provider before submitting your personal information or dealing in any monetary transaction. We may also collect some basic information by way of cookies, not any personal or sensitive personal information, which shall be governed by our privacy policy available.

H) Indemnity

User shall at all times fully release, indemnify and hold us i.e. HTDSL harmless, its owners,  officers, directors, agents, and employees, associate companies from any and all costs, losses, claims, demands, damages and liabilities, actions including costs and reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party and/or penalty imposed due to and/or arising out of User’s breach of the Terms of Use and/or User’s violation of any law, rules or regulations and/or the rights of a third party and/or the infringement by User including, without limitation, copyright and trademark infringement, obscene and/or indecent postings, and on-line defamation, and/or any third party using the User's account, of any intellectal property and/or other right of any person and/or entity.

I) Financial Disclaimer

All financial transactions regarding the said fantasy game(s) shall be between the third party fantasy game provider(s) and You.

It is to be noted that these fantasy games involve an element of financial risk and may be addictive. Please play responsibly and at your own risk.

We only provide the Website/Webpage/Platform for the seamless experience of the users who wish to play/participate in the fantasy games with or without downloading the third party App(s). 

J) Force Majeure

We shall not be liable for any failure and/or delay on the part of the third aprty fantasy game proivder’s part in performing any of its obligation(s) under this Agreement and/or for any loss, damage, costs, charges and expenses incurred and/or suffered by You by reason there of if such failure and/or delay shall be result of or arising out of Force Majeure Event set out herein.  

Explanation: "Force Majeure Event" means any event due to any cause beyond the reasonable control of us or the third party game provider, including, without limitation, unavailability of any communication system, sabotage, fire, flood, earthquake , explosion, acts of God, civil commotion, strikes, lockout, and/or industrial action of any kind, breakdown of transportation facilities, riots, insurrection, hostilities whether war be declared or not, acts of government, governmental orders or restrictions breakdown and/or hacking of the Website/Webpage/Platform.

K) Termination And Survival of the Terms

We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to deny you access to the Website/Webpage/Platform or any portion thereof or terminate your access without notice for the following reasons immediately (a) for any unauthorized access or use by you (b) if you assign or transfer (or attempt the same) any rights granted to you under this Agreement; (c) immediately, if you violate any of the other terms and conditions as stated herein; or (d) any other reason whatsoever.  
  You may terminate these Terms at any time, provided that you discontinue any further use of the Website/Webpage/Platform. Nothing herein shall override or prejudice the rights of the owner of the Website/Webpage/Platform and persons deriving rights therefrom.  

L) Safety

We advise that you never reveal any personal information about yourself or anyone else (for example: telephone number, home address or email address). Please do not include postal addresses of any kind. If you have a helpful address to share, inform the host of the relevant community area using the 'Contact Us' link, and they will promote it if they see fit.

M) General

These terms may vary from time to time. Please ensure that you review these terms and conditions regularly as you will be deemed to have accepted any variation if you continue to use the site after it has been posted.  

Although we will do our best to provide constant, uninterrupted access to the Website/Webpage/Platform, we do not guarantee this. We accept no responsibility or liability for any interruption or delay.  

N) Governing Law & Jurisdiction

These terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of India and especially the Information Technology Act, 2000. All relevant rules, regulations, directions, orders and notifications will also apply. Unless otherwise specified, the material on the Website/Webpage/Platform is presented solely for use for people residing in India. We make no representation that content/information on the Website/Webpage/Platform are appropriate or available for use in other locations/Countries other than India. Those who choose to access this site from other locations/Countries other than India may do so on their own initiative and we shall not be responsible for any inconvenience including any loss or damage caused to such user including compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.

O) Support / Grievance 

GRIEVANCE
Grievance Officer: Mr. Prasad Sanyal
Contact: 011-66561579 (landline - to be used during office hours i.e. 9am to 5pm on all working days i.e. Monday to Friday)
Email: grievance@htdigital.in

Support – Fantasy Game Provider
Name:  Manu Babal
Contact details: 8000999809
Email Id: manu@myteam11.com


You agree that by entering this Website/Webpage/Platform either directly or from any third party website, you shall automatically be governed by the privacy policy of the respective fantasy game provider(s) and this site’s privacy policy to the extent applicable. 