Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc. Privacy Policy Updated 6/30/2023
This privacy policy (the "Policy") explains how information about you is collected, used, and disclosed by Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc. (“Hobby Lobby,” “we” or “us”) when you access or use our internet websites, mobile websites, mobile applications, emails, or other online, mobile, or application-based services (collectively the "Service"), sign up for our mailing list, and shop in our stores.

Information We Collect
Information You Provide to Us: We collect any information that you submit to us voluntarily or provide to us in any other way, including any categories of personal information as described in the Data Privacy Notice. We collect information when you create an online account or profile; log-on with a social media account; use the interactive areas and features of our Service; make an online or in-store purchase; request customer service; participate in contests, promotions, or mailing lists; and when you email, call, or otherwise communicate with us. For example, when you make a purchase through our Service, we may collect transaction information, such as your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information, phone number, and email address.

 

Information Collected Automatically: We receive and store certain types of information automatically when you interact with our Service, emails, and online advertising. This information may include your IP address, browsing behavior while on our site, browser and device characteristics, referring URLs, the operating system you are using, and third-party links, advertisements, offers from our partners that you click on or other content that you may access or download from the Service, and other information collected by our third-party vendors.

 

Email: When you email us, we are collecting the information you include in your email communication to us.

 

Cookies: We use cookies  to deliver and enhance the use of the Service, and inform, optimize, and serve ads based on your history with our websites.  Please visit www.aboutcookies.org for more information about cookies. We also use cookies to report how our ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits on our website.  For example, the information provided through cookies is used to recognize you as a previous user, to offer personalized web page content and information for your use, and to otherwise facilitate your experience in connection with our Service. Most browsers automatically accept cookies as the default setting, but you may choose to decline cookies if your browser permits. The use of some cookies for analytics or advertising purposes may constitute a “sale” or “sharing” of personal information according to applicable law. You can opt out of this by clicking “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” or enabling the Global Privacy Control available in certain browsers or extensions. Please be aware, however, that doing so may affect your use of the Service (such as impeding you from logging in to your account) and impede your ability to access certain features of our Service. To learn more about targeted advertising, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s website at https://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or the Network Advertising Initiative website at https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices.

 

Data Privacy Laws: If you are a resident of a state that has implemented a data privacy law (such as California), please click here to visit our page for our Data Privacy Notice and Notice at Collection for more specific information.

Purposes of Collecting Your Information

Pursuant to the terms of this Policy, we may use the information we collect from you to for the following purposes:

·      Provide a good or service requested by you;

·      Complete a transaction for which personal information was collected;

·      Perform a contract between you and us;

·      Reasonably anticipated by you within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you;

·      Performing services on our behalf;

·      Help to ensure security and integrity to the extent the use of your personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for those purposes;

·      To perform the services or provide goods reasonably expected by you;

·      Short-term use, including but not limited to non-personalized advertising shown as part of your current interaction with us, provided that your personal information is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about you or otherwise alter your experience outside the current interaction with us;

·      Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured for, or controlled by us;

·      Provide advertising and marketing services to you;

·      Comply with federal, state, or local laws, or comply with a court order or subpoena to provide information;

·      Cooperate with law enforcement agencies concerning conduct or activity that we reasonably and in good faith believe may violate federal, state, or local law;

·      Comply with a civil, criminal, or regulatory inquiry, investigation, subpoena, or summons by federal, state, or local authorities; and

·      Exercise or defend legal claims.

Data Privacy Laws: If you are a resident of a state that has implemented a data privacy law (such as California), please click here to visit our page for our Data Privacy Notice and Notice at Collection for more specific information.

Disclosing Your Information
The information we collect is used to improve the content and the quality of our Service, and without your consent we will not otherwise sell, share, license or disclose your personal information to/with any other party(s) for commercial purposes, except: (a) to provide the Service, (b) when we have your permission, and/or (c) under the following instances:

 

Affiliates: We may disclose the information we collect with our subsidiaries and affiliates for operational, marketing and promotional purposes.

Service Providers: We may disclose your information with our service providers that support various aspects of our business operations (e.g., web hosting, storage, shipping, fulfillment, mobile marketing, analytics providers, call center service providers, sweepstakes vendors, and payment processors). When we do use an outside company, we use contractual or other appropriate means to ensure that personal information is used in a manner that is consistent with this Policy. The specific entities describing these service providers are included in the Data Privacy Notice.

 

Legal Disclosure and Business Transfers: We may disclose your information as permitted or required by law without your consent, if we are compelled to release information by a court of law or other person or entity with jurisdiction to compel production of such information (e.g., subpoenas). Additionally, if we have reasonable grounds to believe information could be useful in the investigation or prevention of improper or unlawful activity (i.e., suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use), we may disclose information voluntarily to law enforcement agencies or other appropriate investigative bodies without obtaining your consent before doing so.

 

Hobby Lobby may sell, transfer or otherwise disclose some or all of its assets, including any information we collect from you, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, change in control, or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.

 

Data Privacy Laws: If you are a resident of a state that has implemented a data privacy law (such as California), please click here to visit our page for our Data Privacy Notice and Notice at Collection for more specific information.

Links to Third-Party Websites
Our Service contains links to other websites. If you choose to visit an advertiser by "clicking on" a banner ad or other type of advertisement, or click on another third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's website. The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third-party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other websites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.

Social Media Sharing
The Service may offer social sharing features or other integrated tools such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, and Pinterest, which let you share actions you take on the Service with other media, and vice versa.  The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the social sharing feature. The fact that we link to or provide integrated tools for sharing with social media sites is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that social media site, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices.  For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these features.

Securing Your Personal Info
Hobby Lobby endeavors to safeguard your personal information to ensure that such personal information is protected from loss, theft, unauthorized access, or disclosure. However, no e-commerce solution, website, mobile application, database or system is completely secure or “hacker proof.” You are responsible for taking reasonable steps to protect your personal information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse.

 

Text Messages
You may choose to receive recurring text messages from us about our products, services, offers, promotions, news, upcoming events, and other information. You can cancel these text messages by texting “STOP”. After you send the text “STOP”, we may send you an additional text message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed, and you will no longer receive text messages from that short code. If at any time you have questions about text messages, text “HELP” to receive instructions on how to contact us. Message and data rates may apply. We are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.

 

We will not disclose your mobile number with any third party (including any affiliate or subsidiary) based on your choice to receive recurring text messages from us unless required by applicable law or as otherwise permitted by this Policy.

Children and Minors
The Service is not intended for use by minors under the age of 16 and we do not knowingly solicit any information from or market to such minors. If you are a parent or legal guardian who discovers that your child has provided us with information without your consent, please contact us.

Changes
We may periodically update this Policy at our sole discretion and as required by law. We will post any changes to this Policy to our website, and if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, in some cases, email notification of such changes). Please ensure that your primary email address on file with us is correct.

Unsubscribe
We may send you communications regarding our Service, including (without limitation): (a) notices about your use of our Service (including any notices regarding violations of such use), (b) updates to our Service, and (c) promotional information and materials related to our Service.  You may unsubscribe to promotional emails sent by us at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” button in a promotional email.  Please note, however, that unsubscribing will not apply to non-promotional system messages (e.g., transactional service messages, security alerts, update notices).

Contacting Us
You can access a printable version of this Policy by clicking here. Please contact us with any questions, comments or concerns about this Policy.

Thank you for your interest in Hobby Lobby!  The Hobby Lobby website, currently located at https://www.hobbylobby.com (including any sub-domains, subpages, directories, or mobile versions of the website), and all Hobby Lobby mobile applications and online services (collectively the “Site”) are made available to you by Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc. (“Hobby Lobby,” “us,” “we,” or “our”).

 

1. Acceptance of Terms 
Your access and use of the Site, is subject to the terms and conditions contained in these terms of use (the “Terms”). By accessing or otherwise using the Site, you (“visitor” “you” or “your”) agree to be bound by these Terms. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY SUCH TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MUST NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE.  We may revise these Terms from time to time with notice to you by email or by posting such revised Terms to the Site. Your continued use of the Site will confirm your acceptance of the revised Terms. We encourage you to frequently review the Terms to ensure you understand the terms and conditions that apply to your use of the Site.

Access and use of the Site are also subject to the Hobby Lobby Privacy Policy. We encourage you to read the policy to learn more about how we collect, use and share information about you and others that visit and interact with our Site. 

2. Age Eligibility for Use and Access of the Site
The Site is not directed towards, nor intended for use by, anyone under the age of 13. By using the Site, you represent and warrant that you are 13 years of age or older. If you are not at least 13 years of age, do not access or use the Site. In addition, you may not purchase products from our Site unless you are at least 18 years of age.

3. Account Registration 
When you visit the Site you have the option of registering with Hobby Lobby.  By registering with Hobby Lobby you may receive certain benefits, such as an expedited check-out process and access to your online order history. Registration is not required to access or use the Site, but you understand and acknowledge that certain features of the Site or benefits offered by Hobby Lobby may only be available to registered users. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account. 

4. Purchasing Products from the Site 
All purchases of products and services from the Site are subject to the Hobby Lobby Terms of Sale. The Terms of Sale is where you will find information on our policies and procedures relevant to your online purchase, including but not limited to shipping, taxes, returns and exchanges, gift cards, and other similar or related policies.

5. Ownership and Content 
The content, including all text, graphics, logos, images, audio clips, video, data and other materials available through the Site (collectively “Content”) is the sole property of Hobby Lobby and its licensors, and is protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws. Accordingly, Hobby Lobby and its licensors expressly reserve any and all rights and licenses not explicitly granted to you under these Terms. Subject to your compliance with these Terms, you shall have a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to access and make personal use of the Site and the Content for non-commercial purposes only. Except as noted above, you may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute in any manner any Content from the Site, without the express written consent of Hobby Lobby. 

6. Trademarks and Logos
The Site contains valuable trademarks owned and used by us to distinguish Hobby Lobby, its brand, and the services from those of others. The Site may also contain references to other entities’ trademarks and service marks, but such references are for identification purposes only. We do not claim ownership in, or any affiliation with, any third-party trademarks or service marks appearing on the Site. You agree not to use or display any trademarks you do not own without our prior written consent or the consent of the owner of such mark. 

7. Media Use of Multimedia Files 
Hobby Lobby maintains a library of multimedia files at for educational and informational purposes only by news media and students.  All other uses of Hobby Lobby’s multimedia files, including for commercial, personal, or malicious purposes, are strictly prohibited.  Multimedia files containing Hobby Lobby trademarks may only be used as part a published media or educational article or report about Hobby Lobby’s business.  Hobby Lobby’s trademarks may not be modified, animated, or distorted.  All uses of Hobby Lobby’s trademarks must maintain the applicable “®” or “™” symbol. 

8. Acceptable Use of Our Site
By accessing the Site, you agree that you will not (and will not permit or encourage others to):  (1) Use the Site or Content in violation of any applicable law, regulation, or ordinance; (2) Conduct fraudulent activities on the Site; (3) Reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, visit, or otherwise exploit the Site or the Content for any commercial purpose without the express written consent of Hobby Lobby; (4) Transmit, copy, or download any Content (in whole or in part) for the benefit of any other merchant; (5) Use or attempt to use any software, tool, agent, robot, spider or other similar data mining, scraping and extraction tools to navigate, search, or crawl the Site; (6) Tamper with the Site or use or attempt to use any device, software, routine, or data that interferes or attempts to interfere with the working or functionality of the Site or any activity being conducted on the Site; or (7) Modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble any portion of the Site.

9. Links to Our Site
You are allowed to establish a hypertext link (“link”) to the Site so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship of your Site by us. Without our prior express written permission, you may not frame, or in-line link, any of the Content or components of the Site, or incorporate into another Site or other service any of our intellectual property. Please contact us if you would like to request permission to frame any Content appearing on the Site or in-line link to the Site. 

10. Links to Third Party Sites
The Site may provide links, advertisements, or widgets that permit you to access or interact with other websites (including social media sites) maintained by third parties. When you engage a third party’s website or service which is linked to the Site, you are interacting with the third party and not with us. Such linked websites are not under our control and we are not responsible for the contents of any linked website or any link contained within a linked website, or any changes or updates to such third-party websites. Posting of a link, advertisement, or widget pertaining to another website does not constitute endorsement of that website (or any of the products, services or other materials offered through that website) by us or our licensors, regardless of whether or not the link is associated with a third party advertisement carried by the website. Accordingly, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such third party websites nor any data or information you may share with such other websites, and make no warranties, express or implied, as to any third party websites or the products or services they provide. We therefore encourage you to be aware of this when you leave our Site, and to read the privacy policies and associated terms and conditions for each and every website that you visit.

11. Submissions
You are solely responsible for any information that you submit to us. By using the Site you agree not to submit or transmit any defamatory, abusive, obscene, threatening or illegal material, or any other material that infringes on the ability of others to enjoy the Site or that infringes on the rights (including any intellectual property rights) of others. We reserve the right (but assume no obligation) to monitor, delete, move, or edit any submissions that come to our attention that we consider unacceptable or inappropriate, whether for legal or other reasons. We will comply with all requirements of the law regarding disclosure to third parties of any submissions you make to us, including to law enforcement agencies and parties making civil legal requests. We will also comply with any other requirements of the law regarding disclosure of other aspects of your use of the Site. By submitting or posting content on the Site, you grant Hobby Lobby and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such content on the Site and on third-party sites. 

12. Changes to the Site and Termination
We have the right, in our sole discretion, to terminate, change, or suspend (temporarily or permanently) any aspect of our Site, at any time, without notice or liability to you. Additionally, we reserve the right to restrict, suspend or terminate your use of and/or access to the Site, at any time, and for any reason, without notice or liability to you. 

13. Errors, Inaccuracies, Availability
We attempt to display the product images shown on the Site as accurately as possible. However, we cannot guarantee that the color you see matches the actual product color, as the display of the color depends, in part, upon the monitor you are using. Prices and availability of products displayed on the Site are subject to change without notice and may vary from the prices and availability of products within our stores. Hobby Lobby seeks to describe and display its products accurately on the Site. However, you understand and acknowledge that despite these efforts, our Site may contain errors, may be missing information, or may not be current. We reserve the right to correct any errors or omissions, and to update information at any time without notice or liability to you.

14. Promotions
Any contests, sweepstakes or other promotions (collectively, "Promotions") made available through the Site may be governed by rules that are separate from these Terms. If you participate in any Promotions, please review the applicable rules.

15. Disclaimers
WE PROVIDE THE USE OF THE SITE "AS IS", "WITH ALL FAULTS" AND "AS AVAILABLE". YOU AGREE THAT ANY USE OF AND RELIANCE UPON THE SITE (INCLUDING ANY AND ALL OF THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, AND/OR MATERIALS CONTAINED THEREIN) BY YOU IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE MAKE NO (AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL) REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY THAT ACCESS TO THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE OR FREE OF HARMFUL COMPONENTS, THAT ANY CONTENT YOU UPLOAD TO THE SITE WILL BE SECURE OR NOT OTHERWISE LOST OR DAMAGED, OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTY ARISING OUT OF ANY COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE FOREGOING EXCLUSION, AND AS A CONSEQUENCE SUCH EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU BUT ONLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 

16. Limitations of Liability
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL HOBBY LOBBY, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, REVENUE, GOODWILL, USE OR CONTENT) HOWEVER CAUSED, UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, CONTRACT, TORT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN ADVISED AS TO THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES IN ADVANCE. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, HOBBY LOBBY’S MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY AND THAT OF OUR AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS, TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE OF ACTION WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION WILL BE LIMITED TO FIFTY U.S. DOLLARS ($50.00). THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY REGARDLESS OF A FAILURE OF THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY OTHER REMEDY.  THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE ABOVE PROVISIONS FAIRLY ALLOCATE THE RISK BETWEEN THE PARTIES, WITHOUT WHICH THEY WOULD NOT HAVE ENTERED INTO THESE TERMS. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY IN CONTRACTS WITH CONSUMERS, AND AS A CONSEQUENCE THIS LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU BUT ONLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 

17. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Hobby Lobby, its subsidiaries, affiliates, subcontractors, suppliers, and partners, and all of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, or licensors, against any liabilities, losses, investigations, inquiries, claims, suits, damages, costs, and expenses (including all associated costs, expenses and reasonable attorneys’ fees) due to or arising out of your actual or alleged breach of the Terms or unauthorized access to or use of the Site.

18. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
These Terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Oklahoma, without regard to its principles regarding conflicts of law or your state or country of residence.  You and Hobby Lobby agree that all claims, legal proceedings or litigation arising in connection with the Site will be brought solely before an arbitrator in Oklahoma County, Oklahoma and hereby irrevocably submit to, and waive any objection to arbitration. 
19. Copyright Complaints
We respect the intellectual property rights of others and will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement if they comply with the law and are properly provided to us. Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, 17 U.S.C. 512(c)(2), our designated agent for notice of alleged copyright infringement in connection with the Site is:

 
ATTN: DMCA Agent

Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc.

7707 S.W. 44th St.

Oklahoma City, OK 73179

legal@hobbylobby.com

Fax (405) 745-1721

Phone (405) 745-1854

 

To file a notice of infringement with Hobby Lobby, the requirements specified in Title II of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 must be fulfilled. The text of this statute can be found at the U.S. Copyright Office web site.

 
20. Miscellaneous
 
These Terms, including policies and information linked from or incorporated herein, constitute the entire agreement between you and Hobby Lobby with respect to the Site and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications, agreements, and proposals with respect to the Site. You may not assign, transfer, or otherwise dispose of your rights and obligations under these Terms, in whole or in part, at any time. Our failure to enforce any of the provisions of the Terms or to exercise any rights or remedies under the Terms will not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment to any extent of our right to assert or rely upon any such provision, right or remedy in that or any other instance. If any provision of the Terms is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be construed in accordance with applicable law as nearly as possible to reflect the original intentions of you and Hobby Lobby, and that the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
 

21. Contact Us
 
We welcome any feedback, suggestions for improvements to the Site, as well as any questions, issues, concerns or other inquiries related to the Site. Please feel free to contact us at any time. Alternatively, you may reach us at our mailing address as follows:

 

Hobby Lobby\ Attention Customer Service\ 7717 SW 44th St\ Oklahoma City, OK 73179

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE PLACING ANY ORDERS THROUGH OUR SITE.
 

These terms of sale (the “Terms”), constitute a legally binding contract between you (“visitor” “you” or “your”) and Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc. (“Hobby Lobby,” “us,” “we,” or “our”) that governs your purchase of any and all products and/or services (collectively, “Item(s)”) made on or through the Hobby Lobby website, currently located at http://www.hobbylobby.com  (including any sub-domains, subpages, directories, or mobile versions of the website), and all Hobby Lobby mobile applications and online services (collectively the “Site”). 

1. Acceptance of Terms
By placing an order for Items through the Site (an “Order”), you agree to be bound by these Terms. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS, YOU MUST NOT ORDER ITEMS FROM OUR SITE.  Additionally, by placing an Order through the Site, you represent that you are at least 18 years old and have the legal capacity to enter into a binding contract with Hobby Lobby. If you are purchasing Items on behalf of a business, by accepting these Terms, you confirm that you have authority to bind such business to a contract with Hobby Lobby.

Your purchase of Items through the Site is also subject to the HobbyLobby.com Terms of Use and Hobby Lobby Privacy Policy, both of which are incorporated in their entirety into these Terms by this reference. In the event of a conflict between the Terms of Use and these Terms, these Terms shall prevail. PLEASE READ THE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY. IT CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS, INCLUDING A REQUIREMENT THAT DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND HOBBY LOBBY BE RESOLVED THROUGH ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS.

These Terms apply solely to Items that you purchase on or through our Site and do not extend to any Items that you may purchase at our physical retail locations (“Hobby Lobby Store(s)”). You understand that our Hobby Lobby Stores may have policies and terms of sale that differ from these Terms and we make no guarantees that such policies in effect within the Hobby Lobby Stores will be consistent with these Terms or vice versa. 

2. Changes 
We may change the Terms at any time and without notice to you. The Terms in effect at the time you place your Order will govern your purchase and serve as the purchase contract between us with respect to such Order. Before your next purchase, we may change the Terms without notice to you. Please be sure to review the current Terms each time you visit the Site. We recommend that you save or print a copy of the Terms for future reference when you make a purchase. 

3. Placing Orders 
To place an Order for Items through the Site, you must add the Items to your shopping cart, and complete the check-out process, including providing us with a valid mailing address, email and payment information. Once an Order is submitted, you may not change or cancel that Order. For information on how to return items you may have ordered in error, please see [Shipping & Returns](file:////customer-service/shipping-info-returns). We are not responsible for any Order processed using incorrect information provided by you. The risk of loss for and title to products purchased through the Site pass to you upon delivery to the carrier.  After you submit your Order, we will provide you with an Order confirmation through the Site and to the email address that you provided to us. The Order confirmation means that your Order request has been received by us; it does not mean that your Order has been accepted or shipped or that the price or availability of an Item has been confirmed. 

4.  Order Restrictions 
We reserve the right to reject an Order, at any time, and for any reason, in our sole discretion, including if you have not met the conditions specified at the time of the Order, if your payment cannot be processed, if the ordered Items are not available, or for errors on the Site or made in connection with your Order. 

We further reserve the right to restrict and/or prohibit Orders by or from third-party marketplaces, resellers, and drop shippers. 

We may place a limit on the quantities of Items that may be purchased per Order, per account, per credit card, per person, per email or per household. If we are unable to supply the Items that you ordered, we may ship what Items you ordered that we can supply and will charge you the price, shipping, handling, taxes, and fees applicable to the adjusted Order. In the event an Item you ordered is not available but an alternative but similar Item is available, we may contact you and offer you the option of replacing the ordered Item with its alternative. If you do not choose to purchase the alternative Item, we will cancel that Item from your Order. In the event of an error on the Site or made in connection with your Order, we reserve the right to correct the error and charge you the correct price or cancel the Order.  If our decision is to correct the pricing, we will contact you and offer you the option of purchasing the Item at the correct price or canceling your Order.

5. Pricing and Payment 
The prices listed for Items available through the Site do not include shipping, handling, taxes, or mandated state retail delivery fees, if applicable. Prior to you submitting your credit card or other payment method, we will add all applicable shipping, handling, taxes, and mandated state delivery fees to the price for the Items you are purchasing. You will have an opportunity to review the shipping, handling, taxes, and mandated state retail delivery fees before you complete your Order. Each Item in your shopping cart is shown at the current price. The Site does not have a price match guarantee. We will not match the advertised price other retailers offer for the same Items. If you have questions regarding the price of an Item or the associated shipping, handling,  taxes, or mandated state retail delivery fees, please contact Customer Service at 1-800-888-0321.

We offer different payment options as identified on our Site. We reserve the right to change our payment options at any time and for any reason, in our sole discretion. All Orders must be pre-paid before shipping. Pricing is for individual consumers. If you want to purchase for a commercial, educational or government organization, please contact Customer Service at 1-800-888-0321. 

The prices, product selection and promotions offered at a Hobby Lobby Store location may be different from those on the Site. We do not guarantee that a price, product or promotion offered through the Site will be available or honored at a Hobby Lobby Store or vice versa. 

6. Return/Exchange Policy 
For details about returns and exchanges, see Shipping & Returns. 

7. Shipping and Delivery
For details about shipping and delivery, see Shipping & Returns.

8. Export Restrictions
Items purchased from the Site may be subject to customs and export control laws and regulations. You agree to comply with all international and national laws and regulations that apply to you in relation to such Items. 

9. Promo Codes, Coupons, Rebates 
You may only use promo codes and coupons that specifically state they are valid for use with the Site. Promo codes and coupons may be subject to certain limitations, including but not limited to limits on the number of redemptions, quantities purchased, eligible Items, geographic location, as well as being subject to expiration. You also understand that coupons offered through our Hobby Lobby Stores may not be valid for use on our Site and coupons offered through the Site may not be valid for use within the Hobby Lobby Stores. We reserve the right to refuse to honor any promo code or coupon, if we determine, in our sole discretion, that the promo code or coupon has expired, the items ordered are ineligible, or that the promo code or coupon is unauthorized, fake, fraudulent, or otherwise invalid. 

To the extent that any Item available through the Site contains a manufacturer’s rebate or similar offer or promotion (“Manufacturer Promotion”), you understand and acknowledge that Hobby Lobby does not manage or have control over and shall not be responsible for any such Manufacturer Promotion, and that the manufacturer is solely responsible for the fulfillment, redemption, and eligibility determination for such Manufacturer Promotion. If you have any questions regarding a Manufacturer Promotion or your eligibility for such Manufacturer Promotion, we encourage you to contact the manufacturer. 

10. Gift Cards
Gift Cards can be applied toward purchases made through the Site or at our Hobby Lobby Stores. Gift Cards have no expiration date; however some states may declare idle funds to be “unclaimed property.” We cannot replace funds declared unclaimed property by the government. Therefore we encourage you to redeem your card promptly. Unused value on the card may be redeemed or refunded for cash only as required by applicable law. Lost or stolen cards will not be replaced. If an Order exceeds the amount of the Gift Card, the balance must be paid with a credit card or other available payment method. For balance inquiries, please call 1-877-303-4938 or you may check your gift card balance online here.

11. No Warranties
HOBBY LOBBY MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO ITEMS SOLD ON THE SITE. THEY ARE WARRANTED, IF AT ALL, ONLY UNDER THE MANUFACTURER’S WARRANTY THAT MAY ACCOMPANY THEM. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOUR PURCHASE AND USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK AND THAT WE PROVIDE ITEMS ON AN “AS IS” BASIS “WITH ALL FAULTS” AND “AS AVAILABLE.” YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THEIR QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE. SHOULD THEY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING OR REPAIR. HOBBY LOBBY DOESN'T GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY OR TIMELINESS OF INFORMATION AVAILABLE FROM THE SITE. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAW, WE EXCLUDE ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING FOR MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WORKMANLIKE EFFORT, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOU MAY HAVE CERTAIN RIGHTS UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT IS INTENDED TO AFFECT THOSE RIGHTS, IF THEY ARE APPLICABLE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT COMPUTER AND TELECOMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ARE NOT FAULT-FREE AND OCCASIONAL PERIODS OF DOWNTIME OCCUR. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THE SITE OR SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT CONTENT LOSS WON'T OCCUR.

12. Errors on the Site
Hobby Lobby seeks to describe and display its products accurately on the Site. However, you understand and acknowledge that despite these efforts, the descriptions, images, references, features, content, specifications, and prices of Items described or depicted on the Site may be incorrect or out of date at any given time. We reserve the right to make changes to the Site at any time, including to correct any errors or omissions, and to update information at any time without notice or liability to you. We attempt to display the product images shown on the Site as accurately as possible. However, we cannot guarantee that the color you see matches the actual product color, as the display of the color depends, in part, upon the monitor you are using.

13. Termination or Suspension
We may terminate your account or use of the Site at any time for any reason, including, without limitation, if you are in breach of these Terms. By using the Site, you agree to be responsible for any Orders you make or charges you incur prior to such termination. We may change, discontinue, or otherwise suspend the Site at any time, for any reason, and without prior notice to you.

14. Miscellaneous 
These Terms, including the Terms of Use, policies and information linked from or incorporated herein, constitute the entire agreement between you and Hobby Lobby with respect to the Site and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications, agreements, and proposals with respect to the Site. These Terms may only be amended as expressly provided in Section 2 above. For avoidance of doubt, any communications, emails, promotions, flyers, or other marketing materials that you may receive from Hobby Lobby or any employee or agent of Hobby Lobby, via the Site or from a Hobby Lobby Store, will not be deemed to be a modification or amendment of these Terms. You may not assign, transfer, or otherwise dispose of your rights and obligations under these Terms, in whole or in part, at any time. Our failure to enforce any of the provisions of the Terms or to exercise any rights or remedies under the Terms will not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment to any extent of our right to assert or rely upon any such provision, right or remedy in that or any other instance. If any provision of the Terms is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be construed in accordance with applicable law as nearly as possible to reflect the original intentions of you and Hobby Lobby, and that the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect. 
15. Contact Us 
We welcome any feedback, suggestions for improvements to the Site, as well as any questions, issues, concerns or other inquiries related to the Site. Please feel free to contact us at any time. Alternatively, you may reach us at our mailing address as follows:

 

hobbylobby.com\ Attention Customer Service\ 7600B SW 44th Street\ Oklahoma City, OK 73179

 

Thank you for your interest in Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc. (“Hobby Lobby,” “we,” “our,” or “us.”) Certain data privacy laws implemented in various states provide certain rights pertaining to the personal information belonging to any natural person (“Consumer,” “you,” or “your”) that we collect, use, disclose, sell, or share. We developed this Data Privacy Notice (“Notice”) to inform you of your rights and explain our practices regarding the personal information we collect, use, and share through this website, when communicating with us, when purchasing products from us, or otherwise in the course of operating our business.

 

This Notice supplements our Privacy Policy, to describe our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information. All defined terms within the relevant data privacy laws apply for the purposes of interpreting this Notice. Any capitalized term used in this Notice that is not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed in our Privacy Policy.

By accessing or using our website, submitting information to us, or otherwise acknowledging this Notice, you understand and consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Notice and our Privacy Policy.

Collection and Use of Personal Information. Before we collect or use personal information, we inform Consumers as to the categories of personal information to be collected or used (including sensitive personal information), the purposes for which the categories of personal information will be collected or used, and whether such information is sold or shared. We will not collect or use additional categories of personal information or use or collect personal information for additional purposes without providing Consumers with notice. We will also inform Consumers as to the length of time we intend to retain each category of personal information, including sensitive personal information. Because personal information is collected or used for different purposes, there is not a specific length of time we can provide. However, we can state that each category of personal information will be retained for a time that is reasonably necessary to accomplish the disclosed purpose (including to exercise or defend legal claims or as otherwise required by applicable law). The categories of personal information we collect or use, purposes for which the categories of personal information may be collected or used, and the length of time we intend to retain each category of personal information are listed in our Notice at Collection.  

Request to Delete. A Consumer may request to delete any personal information about the Consumer which we have collected or maintained.

 

Unless an exemption applies or it proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort, we are required to delete the personal information from our records, notify any service providers or contractors to delete the personal information from their records, and notify all third parties to whom we have sold or shared such personal information within 45 days (or 90 days if written notice of a 45-day extension is given during the initial 45 days) of receiving a request. To submit a request through this website, please click here (if you are a California customer) or here (if you are a California employee or prospective employee). If you are not a California resident, you may submit a request by clicking here. You may also submit a request by calling 800-901-7977. We are not required to respond to requests that are manifestly unfounded or excessive.

 

Each customer request requires the Consumer’s name, postal address, and email address. Each employee/prospective employee request also requires a date of birth and store number/department. Our verification process consists of matching these data points with the information we have collected. If these data points cannot be matched with the information we have collected, then we will state so in the response to a Consumer’s request. We will communicate to you through your email address.

 

After submitting a request, you will be prompted to authenticate your email address within seven (7) days of submitting your request. If you do not authenticate your email address within seven (7) days of submitting your request, your request will not be considered.

 

Please note that we are not required to comply with a deletion request if it is necessary for us or our service provider to maintain the personal information to:

 

·      Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected;

·      Fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law;

·      Provide a good or service requested by the Consumer;

·      Provide a good or service reasonably anticipated by the Consumer within the context of our ongoing business relationship with the Consumer;

·      Perform a contract between us and the Consumer;

·      Help to ensure security and integrity to the extent the use of the Consumer’s personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for those purposes;

·      Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;

·      To enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with the expectations of the Consumer based on the Consumer’s relationship with us and compatible with the context in which the Consumer provided the information; or

·      Comply with a legal obligation.

Request to Correct. A Consumer may request that we correct any inaccurate personal information. Registered users of our website may use the My Account self-service feature to correct personal information. Please note that we do not have the ability to correct personal information related to orders that have shipped. However, if an order has not yet shipped, you may be able to correct the personal information related to the order by contacting Customer Service. Further, you may correct personal information related to promotional emails by clicking the “unsubscribe” button in a promotional email and then subscribing to the promotional emails using the correct personal information. Because changing the personal information of an employee or prospective employee can have significant consequences – such as to employment verification – employees and prospective employees should contact their supervisors and representatives/departments respectively to correct personal information. If you still wish to submit a request, you may do so by clicking here (if you are a California customer) or here (if you are a California employee or prospective employee). If you are not a California resident, you may submit a request by clicking here. You may also call 800-901-7977 to submit a request.

 

We may deny a Consumer’s request to correct if we have denied the Consumer’s request to correct the same alleged inaccuracy within the past six months of receiving the request. However, we must treat the request to correct as new if the Consumer provides new or additional documentation to prove that the information at issue is inaccurate. Upon request, we must disclose specific pieces of personal information we maintain and have collected about the Consumer to allow the Consumer to confirm that we have corrected the inaccurate information that was the subject of Consumer’s request to correct. The disclosure will not be considered a response to a request to know that is counted towards the limitation of two requests within a 12-month period. With regard to sensitive personal information we will not disclose this information, but may provide a way to confirm that the personal information maintained is the same as what Consumer has provided.

Request to Know. A Consumer may request the following information regarding personal information that we collect, use, disclose, sell, and share:

 

The categories of personal information we have collected about the Consumer;

The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;

The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing the personal information;

The categories of personal information that we have sold, shared, or disclosed for a business purpose about the Consumer, and the categories of persons to whom it was disclosed for a business purpose;

The categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information; and

The specific pieces of personal information we collected about the Consumer (a Consumer has the right to request the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about the Consumer).

 

We must disclose the above information within 45 days (or 90 days if written notice of a 45-day extension is given during the initial 45 days) of receiving a request. To submit a request for categories of personal information, please please click here (if you are a California customer) or here (if you are a California employee or prospective employee). You may also submit a request by calling 800-901-7977. We are not required to respond to requests more than two times in a 12-month period.

 

Each customer request requires the Consumer’s name, postal address, and email address. Each employee/prospective employee request also requires a date of birth and store number/department. Our verification process consists of matching these data points with the information we have collected. If these data points cannot be matched with the information we have collected, then we will state so in the response to a Consumer’s request. We will communicate to you through your email address.

 

After submitting a request, you will be prompted to authenticate your email address within seven (7) days of submitting your request. If you do not authenticate your email address within seven (7) days of submitting your request, your request will not be considered.

 

Specific Pieces of Personal Information. In order to determine the specific pieces of personal information collected about a Consumer, please submit a request through this website by clicking here;(if you are a California customer) or here (if you are a California employee or prospective employee). If you are not a California resident, you may request the specific pieces of personal information we have about you by clicking here. You may also submit a request by calling 800-901-7977. We are not required to respond to requests more than two times in a 12-month period.

 

Each request requires the Consumer’s name, postal address, and email address. Each employee request also requires a date of birth and store number/department. Our verification process consists of matching these data points with the information we have collected. If these data points cannot be matched with the information we have collected, then we will state so in the response to your request. We will communicate to you through your email address.

 

After submitting a request, you will be prompted to authenticate your email address within seven (7) days of submitting your request. If you do not authenticate your email address within seven (7) days of submitting your request, your request will not be considered.

 

Opt Out of Sale or Sharing of Personal Information. We cannot sell or share personal information to a third party unless the Consumer has received explicit notice and is provided an opportunity to exercise the right to opt out.

 

Certain uses of cookies on our website – such as for analytics and advertising purposes –  may constitute a “sale” or “sharing” of personal information pursuant to data privacy laws. You may opt out of this by clicking Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information or enabling the Global Privacy Control available in certain browsers or extensions. “Share” or “sharing” means sharing, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing or by electronic or other means, a Consumer’s personal information by us to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising for our benefit in which no money is exchanged.

 

We are not allowed to sell or share the personal information of any Consumers whom we have actual knowledge is less than 16 years of age, unless the Consumer, in the case of those at least 13 years of age and less than 16 years of age, or a parent or guardian, in the case of Consumers who are less than 13 years of age, has affirmatively authorized the sale or sharing of personal information. We do not have actual knowledge of selling or sharing personal information of Consumers under 16 years of age.

 

If we receive direction from a Consumer not to sell or share personal information (or we have not obtained consent from a parent or guardian of a Consumer less than 13 years of age), we shall be prohibited from selling or sharing the Consumer’s personal information, unless the Consumer (or parent or guardian in case of Consumer less than 13 years of age) subsequently provides consent for the sale or sharing of the Consumer’s personal information.

 

Limit the Use of Sensitive Personal Information. We must allow Consumers to limit the use of Sensitive Personal Information other than for the following purposes:

 

·      To perform the services or provide the goods reasonably expected by an average Consumer who requests such goods or services;

·      To prevent, detect and investigate security incidents that compromise the availability, authenticity, integrity, or confidentiality of stored or transmitted personal information;

·      To resist malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at us and to prosecute those responsible for those actions.

·      To ensure the physical safety of natural persons;

·      Short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, non-personalized advertising shown as part of a Consumer’s current interaction with us, provided that the Consumer’s personal information is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about the Consumer or otherwise alter the Consumer’s experience outside the current interaction with us;

·      Performing services on our behalf;

·      Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a product, service, or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us;

·      To improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured for, or controlled by us; or

·      To collect or process sensitive personal information where the collection or processing is not for the purpose of inferring characteristics about a Consumer.

 

Because we do not use Sensitive Personal Information other than for the purposes specified above, it is not necessary to request to limit the use of Sensitive Personal Information.

Discrimination Prohibited. We cannot discriminate because a Consumer exercised rights under data privacy laws, including, but not limited to, by:

 

Denying goods or services;

Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties;

Providing a different level or quality of goods or services;

Suggesting that the Consumer will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services; or

Retaliating against an employee, applicant for employment, or independent contractor for exercising their rights.

 

We may charge a different rate or price, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services, if that difference is reasonably related to the value of the Consumer’s data.

 

We are not prohibited from offering loyalty, rewards, premium features, discounts, or club card programs consistent with data privacy laws.

 

We may offer financial incentives for the collection of personal information, the sale or sharing of personal information, or the retention of personal information. We may also offer a different price, rate, level, or quality of goods or services if that price or difference is reasonably related to the value of the Consumer’s data.

 

If we offer financial incentives, we must provide notice of such incentives in accordance with data privacy laws. If a Consumer refuses to provide opt-in consent, then we must wait for at least 12 months before next requesting that the Consumer provide opt-in consent in accordance with data privacy laws.

 

We may enter a Consumer into a financial incentive program only if prior opt-in consent is given which clearly describes the material terms of the financial incentive program, and which may be revoked at any time.

 

We will not use financial incentive practices that are unjust, unreasonable, coercive, or usurious in nature.

 

Categories of Personal Information Collected. The following is a list of the categories of personal information we have collected about Consumers in the preceding 12 months, and will collect from you based on how you interact with us (including whether you are a customer or employee/prospective employee). Please note that “Consumers” include employees and prospective employees. So, the information we collect in the employment context is included below as well.

For each category of personal information collected, we have provided the categories of sources from which we collect that information, the business or commercial purpose(s) for which we collect the information, and the categories of third parties with whom we disclose personal information.

Personal Identifiers
Sources	Business or Commercial Purpose(s)	Categories of Third Parties
Consumers; Operating Systems and Platforms; Service Providers; Social Networks; Advertising Networks;  Data Analytics Providers; and Government Entities	Provide a Good or Service Requested by the Consumer; Complete a Transaction for Which Personal Information was Collected; Reasonably Anticipated by the Consumer within the context of our ongoing business relationship with the Consumer; Help to Ensure Security and Integrity to the Extent the Use of the Consumer’s Personal Information is Reasonably Necessary and Proportionate for those Purposes; Provide Advertising and Marketing Services to the Consumer; Comply with Federal, State, or Local Laws or Comply with a Court Order or Subpoena to Provide Information; Comply with a Civil, Criminal, or Regulatory Inquiry, Investigation, Subpoena, or Summons by Federal, State, or Local Authorities; Cooperate with law enforcement agencies concerning conduct or activity that we reasonably and in good faith believe may violate federal, state or local law; Exercise or Defend Legal Claims; Perform a Contract Between Us and the Consumer; Performing Services on Our Behalf; to Perform the Services or Provide Goods Reasonably Expected by an Average Consumer who Requests such Goods or Services; Undertaking Activities to Verify or Maintain the Quality or Safety of a Service or Device that is Owned, Manufactured For, or Controlled by Us; Short-Term use Provided that the Consumer's Personal Information is not Disclosed to Another Third Part and is not Used to Build a Profile About the Consumer or Otherwise Alter Consumer's Experience Outside the Current Interaction with Us	Advertising Networks; Data Analytics Providers; Government Entities; Operating Systems and Platforms; Social Networks; Service Providers
Other Information Not Listed in this Table that Identifies, Relates To, Describes, or is Capable of Being Associated with a Particular Individual
Sources	Business or Commercial Purpose(s)	Categories of Third Parties
Consumers	Complete a Transaction for Which Personal Information was Collected; Provide a Good or Service Requested by the Consumer; Reasonably Anticipated by the Consumer within the Context of our Ongoing Business Relationship with the Consumer; Help to Ensure Security and Integrity to the Extent the Use of the Consumer’s Personal Information is Reasonably Necessary and Proportionate for those Purposes; Comply with Federal, State, or Local Laws or Comply with a Court Order or Subpoena to Provide Information; Comply with a Civil, Criminal, or Regulatory Inquiry, Investigation, Subpoena, or Summons by Federal, State, or Local Authorities; Cooperate with Law Enforcement Agencies Concerning Conduct or Activity that We Reasonably and in Good Faith Believe may Violate Federal, State, or Local Law; Exercise or Defend Legal Claims; Helping to Ensure Security and Integrity to the Extent the Use of Requester's Personal Information is Reasonably Necessary and Proportionate for These Purposes; Exercise or Defend Legal Claims	Service Providers; Government Entities; and Operating Systems and Platforms
Characteristics of Protected Classifications Under State or Federal Law
Sources	Business or Commercial Purpose(s)	Categories of Third Parties
Consumers; Social Networks; Advertising Networks; Data Analytics Providers;  Operating Systems and Platforms; and Government Entities	Provide a Good or Service Requested by the Consumer; Complete a Transaction for Which Personal Information was Collected; Reasonably Anticipated by the Consumer within the Context of our Ongoing Business Relationship with the Consumer; Help to Ensure Security and Integrity to the Extent the Use of the Consumer’s Personal Information is Reasonably Necessary and Proportionate for those Purposes; Provide Advertising and Marketing Services to the Consumer Comply with Federal, State, or Local Laws or Comply with a Court Order or Subpoena to Provide Information; Comply with a Civil, Criminal, or Regulatory Inquiry, Investigation, Subpoena, or Summons by Federal, State, or Local Authorities; Cooperate with Law Enforcement Agencies Concerning Conduct or Activity that We Reasonably and in Good Faith Believe May Violate Federal, State, or Local Law; Perform a Contract Between us and the Consumer; Exercise or Defend Legal Claims	Advertising Networks; Service Providers; Data Analytics Providers; Government Entities; Operating Systems and Platforms; and Social Networks
Commercial Information
Sources	Business or Commercial Purpose(s)	Categories of Third Parties
Consumers; Social Networks; Advertising Networks; Data Analytics Providers; Operating Systems and Platforms	Provide a Good or Service Requested by the Consumer; Complete a Transaction for Which Personal Information was Collected; Reasonably Anticipated by the Consumer within the Context of our Ongoing Business Relationship with the Consumer; Comply with Federal, State, or Local Laws or Comply with a Court Order or Subpoena to Provide Information; Exercise or Defend Legal Claims	Social Networks; Advertising Networks; Data Analytics Providers; Operating Systems and Platforms; and Service Providers
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
Sources	Business or Commercial Purpose(s)	Categories of Third Parties
Consumers; Social Networks; Advertising Networks; Data Analytics Providers; and Operating Systems and Platforms	Provide a Good or Service Requested by the Consumer; Complete a Transaction for Which Personal Information was Collected; Comply with Federal, State, or Local Laws or Comply with a Court Order or Subpoena to Provide Information; Cooperate with Law Enforcement Agencies Concerning Conduct or Activity that We Reasonably and in Good Faith Believe May Violate Federal, State, or Local Law; Provide Advertising and Marketing Services to the Consumer	Advertising Networks; Data Analytics Providers; Operating Systems and Platforms; Service Providers; and Social Networks
Geolocation Data
Sources	Business or Commercial Purpose(s)	Categories of Third Parties
Consumers; Social Networks; Advertising Networks; Data Analytics Providers; and Operating Systems and Platforms	Provide a Good or Service Requested by the Consumer;  Reasonably Anticipated by the Consumer within the Context of our Ongoing Business Relationship with the Consumer; Provide Advertising and Marketing Services to the Consumer	Social Networks; Advertising Networks; Data Analytics Providers; Government Entities; Operating Systems and Platforms; and Service Providers
Audio, Electronic, Visual, Thermal, Olfactory, or Similar Information
Sources	Business or Commercial Purpose(s)	Categories of Third Parties
Consumers; Operating Systems and Platforms; Product Suppliers	Provide a Good or Service Requested by the Consumer; Complete a Transaction for Which Personal Information was Collected;  Reasonably Anticipated by the Consumer within the Context of our Ongoing Business Relationship with the Consumer; Comply with Federal, State, or Local Laws or Comply with a Court Order or Subpoena to Provide Information; Comply with a Civil, Criminal, or Regulatory Inquiry, Investigation, Subpoena, or Summons by Federal, State, or Local Authorities; Exercise or Defend Legal Claims; Cooperate with Law Enforcement Agencies Concerning Conduct or Activity that we Reasonably and in Good Faith Believe May violate Federal, State, or Local Law	Government Entities; Operating Systems and Platforms; and Service Providers
Professional or Employment-Related Information
Sources	Business or Commercial Purpose(s)	Categories of Third Parties
Consumers; Social Networks; Government Entities	Provide a Good or Service Requested by the Consumer; Complete a Transaction for Which Personal Information was Collected; Reasonably Anticipated by the Consumer within the Context of our Ongoing Business Relationship with the Consumer; Debug to Identify and Repair Errors that Impair Existing Intended Functionality; Comply with Federal, State, or Local Laws or Comply with a Court Order or Subpoena to Provide Information; Comply with a Civil, Criminal, or Regulatory Inquiry, Investigation, Subpoena or Summons by Federal, State, or Local Authorities; Cooperate with Law Enforcement Agencies Concerning Conduct or Activity that we Reasonably and in Good Faith Believe May Violate Federal, State, or Local Law; Exercise and Defend Legal Claims	Service Providers; Government Entities; and Operating Systems and Platforms
Education Information
Sources	Business or Commercial Purpose(s)	Categories of Third Parties
Consumers; Social Networks	Reasonably Anticipated by the Consumer Within the Context of Our Ongoing Business Relationship with the Consumer; Provide a Good or Service Requested by the Consumer; Complete a Transaction for Which Personal Information was Collected; Comply with Federal, State, or Local Laws or Comply with a Court Order or Subpoena to Provide Information; Comply with a Civil, Criminal, or Regulatory Inquiry, Investigation, Subpoena, or Summons by Federal, State, or Local Authorities; Cooperate with Law Enforcement Agencies Concerning Conduct or Activity that we Reasonably and in Good Faith Believe May Violate Federal, State, or Local Law; Exercise and Defend Legal Claims	Service Providers; Operating Systems and Platforms; and Government Entities
The following items constitute Sensitive Personal Information. This Notice includes the collection of personal information from employees. Because of this, much of the items listed below reflect information collected from employees in the course of employment with us.
Social Security Number
Sources	Business or Commercial Purpose(s)	Categories of Third Parties
Consumers; Government Entities; Operating Systems and Platforms; Social Networks	Performing Services on our Behalf; Helping to Ensure Security and Integrity to the Extent the Use of Consumer's Personal Information is Reasonably Necessary and Proportionate for These Purposes; To Perform the Services or Provide the Goods Reasonably Expected by an Average Consumer who Requests such Goods or Services; Resist Malicious, Deceptive, Fraudulent, or illegal Actions Directed at Us and to Prosecute those Responsible for those Actions; Ensure the physical Safety of Natural Persons	Operating Systems and Platforms; Government Entities; Service Providers
Driver's License Number
Sources	Business or Commercial Purpose(s)	Categories of Third Parties
Consumers; Government Entities; Operating Systems and Platforms; Social Networks	Performing Services on our Behalf; To Perform the Services or Provide the Goods Reasonably Expected by an Average Consumer who Requests Such Goods or Services; Help to Ensure Security and Integrity to the Extent the Use of the Consumer's Personal Information is Reasonably Necessary and Proportionate for These Purposes; Resist Malicious, Deceptive, Fraudulent, or illegal Actions Directed at Us and to Prosecute those Responsible for those Actions; Ensure the physical Safety of Natural Persons; Undertaking Activities to Verify or Maintain the Quality or Safety of a Service or Device that is Owned, Manufactured for, or Controlled by Us	Operating Systems and Platforms; Government Entities; Service Providers; Data Analytics Providers
State Identification Number
Sources	Business or Commercial Purpose(s)	Categories of Third Parties
Consumers; Government Entities; Social Networks	Performing Services on our Behalf; To Perform the Services or Provide the Goods Reasonably Expected by an Average Consumer who Requests Such Goods or Services; Helping to Ensure Security and Integrity to the Extent the Use of Consumer's Personal Information is Reasonably Necessary and Proportionate for These Purposes; Resist Malicious, Deceptive, Fraudulent, or illegal Actions Directed at Us and to Prosecute Those Responsible for Those Actions; Ensure the Physical Safety of Natural Persons	Operating Systems and Platforms; Government Entities; Service Providers
Passport Number
Sources	Business or Commercial Purpose(s)	Categories of Third Parties
Consumers; Government Entities; Social Networks	Performing Services on our Behalf; Helping to Ensure Security and Integrity to the Extent the Use of Consumer's Personal Information is Reasonably Necessary and Proportionate for These Purposes; Resist Malicious, Deceptive, Fraudulent, or illegal Actions Directed at Us and to Prosecute Those Responsible for Those Actions; Ensure the Physical Safety of Natural Persons; Perform the Services or Provide the Goods Reasonably Expected by an Average Consumer who Requests such Goods or Services	Operating Systems and Platforms; Government Entities; Service Providers
Racial or Ethnic Origin
Sources	Business or Commercial Purpose(s)	Categories of Third Parties
Consumers; Social Networks	Performing Services on our Behalf; Helping to Ensure Security and Integrity to the Extent the Use of Consumer's Personal Information is Reasonably Necessary and Proportionate for These Purposes; Perform the Services or Provide the Goods Reasonably Expected by an Average Consumer who Requests such Goods or ServicesResist Malicious, Deceptive, Fraudulent, or illegal Actions Directed at Us and to Prosecute Those Responsible for Those Actions; Ensure the Physical Safety of Natural Persons	Operating Systems and Platforms; Government Entities; Service Providers
Precise Geolocation
Sources	Business or Commercial Purpose(s)	Categories of Third Parties
Social Networks; Operating Systems and Platforms	Resist Malicious, Deceptive, Fraudulent, or illegal Actions Directed at Us and to Prosecute Those Responsible for Those Actions; Ensure the Physical Safety of Natural Persons	Government Entities
Citizenship or Immigration Status
Sources	Business or Commercial Purpose(s)	Categories of Third Parties
Consumers; Government Entities	Performing Services on our Behalf; Helping to Ensure Security and Integrity to the Extent the Use of Consumer's Personal Information is Reasonably Necessary and Proportionate for These Purposes; to Perform the Services or Provide the Goods Reasonably Expected by an Average Consumer who Requests such Goods or Services; Undertaking Activities to Verify or Maintain the Quality or Safety of a Service or Device that is Owned, Manufactured For, or Controlled by Us	Operating Systems and Platforms; Government Entities; Service Providers; Data Analytics Providers
Religious or Philosophical Beliefs
Sources	Business or Commercial Purpose(s)	Categories of Third Parties
Consumers	Helping to Ensure Security and Integrity to the Extent the Use of Consumer's Personal Information is Reasonably Necessary and Proportionate for these Purposes; Perform the Services or Provide the Goods Reasonably Expected by an Average Consumer who Requests such Goods or Services	Operating Systems and Platforms
Contents of Mail, Email, or Text Messages Where We are Not the Intended Recipient
Sources	Business or Commercial Purpose(s)	Categories of Third Parties
Consumers	To Perform the Services or Provide the Goods Reasonably Expected by an Average Consumer Who Requests Such Goods or Services	Operating Systems and Platforms; Service Providers
Genetic Data
Sources	Business or Commercial Purpose(s)	Categories of Third Parties
Consumers	To Perform the Services or Provide the Goods Reasonably Expected by an Average Consumer who Requests such Goods or Services	Operating Systems and Platforms; Service Providers
Health Information
Sources	Business or Commercial Purpose(s)	Categories of Third Parties
Consumers; Data Analytics Providers	Performing Services on our Behalf; Helping to Ensure Security and Integrity to the Extent the Use of Consumer's Personal Information is Reasonably Necessary and Proportionate for These Purposes; Perform the Services or Provide the Goods Reasonably Expected by an Average Consumer who Requests such Goods or Services	Operating Systems and Platforms; Government Entities; Service Providers
Sex Life or Sexual Orientation Information
Sources	Business or Commercial Purpose(s)	Categories of Third Parties
Consumers	Helping to Ensure Security and Integrity to the Extent the Use of Consumer's Personal Information is Reasonably Necessary and Proportionate for These Purposes; Perform the Services or Provide the Goods Reasonably Expected by an Average Consumer who Requests such Goods or Services	Operating Systems and Platforms; Service Providers
 
Disclose for a Business Purpose. We have disclosed the following categories of personal information about Consumers for business purpose(s) during the preceding 12 months:

Personal Identifiers

Other Information that Identifies, Relates To, Describes, or is Capable of Being Associated with a Particular Individual 

Characteristics of Protected Classifications Under State or Federal Law

Commercial Information

Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information.

Geolocation Data

Audio, Electronic, Visual, Thermal, Olfactory, or Similar Information

Professional or Employment-Related Information

Education Information

Social Security Number	Driver's License Number	State Identification Number
Passport Number	Racial or Ethnic Origin	Precise Geolocation
Citizenship or Immigration Status	Religious or Philosophical Beliefs	Contents of Mail, Email, or Text Messages Where We are Not the Intended Recipient
Genetic Data	Health Information	Sex Life or Sexual Orientation Information
Sale or Sharing of Personal Information. Our website's use of certain cookies for analytics and advertising purposes may constitute a "sale" or "sharing" of personal information pursuant to data privacy laws. These cookies have been used to "sell" or "share" the following categories of personal information about consumers during the preceding 12-months:
 

Personal Identifiers

Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information.

Geolocation Data

Commercial Information

Characteristics of Protected Classifications Under State or Federal Law.

Audio, Electronic, Visual, Thermal, Olfactory, or Similar Information

 

The above information was “sold” or “shared” to advertising networks, social networks, data analytics providers, and operating systems and platforms for advertising and analytics purposes.

Appeal. You have a right to appeal a decision pertaining to a request. To do this, please click here.

 

**Authorized Agent**. A Consumer can use an authorized agent to submit a request if the verification of the Consumer is confirmed and written permission is submitted to us expressly stating that the authorized agent has the authority to submit data requests on behalf of the Consumer. This can be accomplished by submitting a power of attorney pursuant to applicable law.

 

**Circumstances in Which We Are Not Required to Comply**. The obligations imposed on us by data privacy laws shall not restrict our ability to: (1) comply with federal, state, or local laws or comply with a court order or subpoena to provide information, (2) comply with a civil, criminal, or regulatory inquiry, investigation, subpoena, or summons by federal, state, or local authorities, (3) cooperate with law enforcement agencies concerning conduct or activity that we, service provider, or third party reasonably and in good faith believes may violate federal, state, or local law; (4) cooperate with a government agency request for emergency access to a Consumer’s personal information if a natural person is at risk or danger of death or serious physical injury if certain conditions are met; (5) exercise or defend legal claims, (6) collect, use, retain, sell, share, or disclose Consumers’ personal information that is deidentified or aggregate Consumer information, or (7) collect, sell, or share a Consumer’s personal information if every aspect of that commercial conduct takes place wholly outside of the state subject to the applicable data privacy law. We will not attempt to reidentify any deidentified data maintained and used by us.

 

**2024 California Requests**. 2024 California Requests. In the year 2024, we received 25 total requests to know, requests to correct and requests to delete. Requests to know accounted for five requests. We complied with none of these requests and denied five of these requests based on not being able to verify the Consumers’ personal information; this means the personal information in our system did not match the personal information provided by the Consumers. Requests to correct accounted for 1 of these requests. We complied with this request. Requests to delete accounted for 19 of these requests. We complied with one of these requests, and the remaining requests to delete were denied based on not being able to verify the Consumers’ personal information. We received and complied with approximately 294 requests to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information. The mean number of days within which we substantively responded to these requests to know, delete, and correct was 6.2.

Contacting Us

You can access a printable version of this Notice by clicking here. Please contact us with any questions, comments or concerns about this information

Categories of Personal Information to Be Collected

Business or Commercial Purpose(s) for Which It Will Be Used

Sold or Shared?

Length of Time to Retain Such Category of Personal Information

 Personal Identifiers (e.g., Name, Postal Address, Unique Personal Identifier, Online Identifier, Internet Protocol Address, Email, Account Name, Social Security Number, Driver’s License Number, Passport Number, and other Similar Identifiers)

Provide a Good or Service Requested by the Consumer; Complete a Transaction for Which Personal Information Was Collected; Reasonably Anticipated by the Consumer within the context of our ongoing business relationship with the Consumer; Helping to Ensure Security and Integrity to the Extent the Use of the Consumer’s Personal Information is Reasonably Necessary and Proportionate for those Purposes; Provide Advertising and Marketing Services to the Consumer; Comply with Federal, State, or Local Laws or Comply with a Court Order or Subpoena to Provide Information; Comply with a Civil, Criminal, or Regulatory Inquiry, Investigation, Subpoena, or Summons by Federal, State, or Local Authorities; Exercise or Defend Legal Claims; Cooperate with Law Enforcement Agencies Concerning Conduct or Activity that We Reasonably and in Good Faith Believe May Violate Federal, State, or Local Law; Perform a Contract Between Us and the Consumer; Performing Services on Our Behalf; to Perform the Services or Provide Goods Reasonably Expected by an Average Consumer who Requests such Goods or Services;  Undertaking Activities to Verify or Maintain the Quality or Safety of a Service or Device that is Owned, Manufactured For, or Controlled by Us; Short-Term Use Provided that the Consumer’s Personal Information is not Disclosed to Another Third Party and is not Used to Build a Profile About the Consumer or Otherwise Alter Consumer’s Experience Outside the Current Interaction with Us

Our website’s use of certain cookies could constitute a “sale” or “sharing” of personal information per applicable law.

As long as reasonably necessary to accomplish the disclosed purpose (including to exercise or defend legal claims and as otherwise required by applicable law)

 Other Information that Identifies, Relates To, Describes, or is Capable of Being Associated with a Particular Individual

Complete a Transaction for Which Personal Information was Collected; Provide a Good or Service Requested by the Consumer; Reasonably Anticipated by the Consumer within the Context of our Ongoing Business Relationship with the Consumer; Help to Ensure Security and Integrity to the Extent the Use of the Consumer’s Personal Information is Reasonably Necessary and Proportionate for those Purposes; Comply with Federal, State, or Local Laws or Comply with a Court Order or Subpoena to Provide Information; Comply with a Civil, Criminal, or Regulatory Inquiry, Investigation, Subpoena, or Summons by Federal, State, or Local Authorities; Cooperate with Law Enforcement Agencies Concerning Conduct or Activity that We Reasonably and in Good Faith Believe May Violate Federal, State, or Local law; Exercise or Defend Legal Claims

No

As long as reasonably necessary to accomplish the disclosed purpose (including to exercise or defend legal claims and as otherwise required by applicable law)

Characteristics of Protected Classifications Under State or Federal Law

Provide a Good or Service Requested by the Consumer; Complete a Transaction for Which Personal Information was Collected; Reasonably Anticipated by the Consumer within the Context of our Ongoing Business Relationship with the Consumer; Complete a Transaction for which Personal Information was Collected; Provide Advertising and Marketing Services to the Consumer; Comply with Federal, State, or Local Laws or Comply with a Court Order or Subpoena to Provide Information; Comply with a Civil, Criminal, or Regulatory Inquiry, Investigation, Subpoena, or Summons by Federal, State, or Local Authorities; Cooperate with Law Enforcement Agencies Concerning Conduct or Activity that We Reasonably and in Good Faith Believe May Violate Federal, State, or Local Law; Perform a Contract Between Us and the Consumer; Exercise or Defend Legal Claims

No

As long as reasonably necessary to accomplish the disclosed purpose (including to exercise or defend legal claims and as otherwise required by applicable law)

Commercial Information

Complete a Transaction for Which Personal Information was Collected; Provide a Good or Service Requested by the Consumer; Reasonably Anticipated by the Consumer within the Context of our Ongoing Business Relationship with the Consumer; Help to Ensure Security and Integrity to the Extent the Use of the Consumer’s Personal Information is Reasonably Necessary and Proportionate for those Purposes; Provide Advertising and Marketing Services to the Consumer; Comply with Federal, State, or Local Laws or Comply with a Court Order or Subpoena to Provide Information

No

As long as reasonably necessary to accomplish the disclosed purpose (including to exercise or defend legal claims and as otherwise required by applicable law)

Biometric Information

None

N/A

N/A

Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information

Provide a Good or Service Requested by the Consumer; Complete a Transaction for which Personal Information was Collected; Reasonably Anticipated by the Consumer within the Context of our Ongoing Business Relationship with the Consumer; Comply with Federal, State, or Local Laws or Comply with a Court Order or Subpoena to Provide Information; Cooperate with Law Enforcement Agencies Concerning Conduct or Activity that We Reasonably and in Good Faith Believe May Violate Federal, State, or Local Law; Provide Advertising and Marketing Services to the Consumer

Our website’s use of certain cookies could constitute a “sale” or “sharing” of personal information per applicable law.

As long as reasonably necessary to accomplish the disclosed purpose (including to exercise or defend legal claims and as otherwise required by applicable law)

Geolocation Data

Provide a Good or Service Requested by the Consumer; Provide a Good or Service Reasonably Anticipated by the Consumer within the Context of our Ongoing Business Relationship with the Consumer; Provide Advertising and Marketing Services to the Consumer

No

As long as reasonably necessary to accomplish the disclosed purpose (including to exercise or defend legal claims and as otherwise required by applicable law)

Audio, Electronic, Visual, Thermal, Olfactory, or Similar Information

Provide a Good or Service Requested by the Consumer; Complete a Transaction for Which Personal Information was Collected; Comply with Federal, State, or Local Laws or Comply with a Court Order or Subpoena to Provide Information; Comply with a Civil, Criminal, or Regulatory Inquiry, Investigation, Subpoena, or Summons by Federal, State, or Local Authorities; Exercise or Defend Legal Claims; and Cooperate with Law Enforcement Agencies Concerning Conduct or Activity that We Reasonably and in Good Faith Believe May Violate Federal, State, or Local Law

No

As long as reasonably necessary to accomplish the disclosed purpose (including to exercise or defend legal claims and as otherwise required by applicable law)

Professional or Employment-Related Information

Provide a Good or Service Requested by the Consumer; Reasonably Anticipated by the Consumer within the Context of our Ongoing Business Relationship with the Consumer; Complete a Transaction for Which Personal Information was Collected; Comply with Federal, State, or Local Laws or Comply with a Court Order or Subpoena to Provide Information; Comply with a Civil, Criminal, or Regulatory Inquiry, Investigation, Subpoena, or Summons by Federal, State, or Local Authorities; Cooperate with Law Enforcement Agencies Concerning Conduct or Activity that We Reasonably and in Good Faith Believe May Violate Federal, State, or Local Law; Cooperate with Law Enforcement Agencies Concerning Conduct or Activity that We Reasonably and in Good Faith Believe May Violate Federal, State, or Local Law 

No

As long as reasonably necessary to accomplish the disclosed purpose (including to exercise or defend legal claims and as otherwise required by applicable law)

Education Information

Reasonably Anticipated by the Consumer Within the Context of Our Ongoing Business Relationship with the Consumer; Provide a Good or Service Requested by the Consumer; Comply with Federal, State, or Local Laws or Comply with a Court Order or Subpoena to Provide Information; Comply with a Civil, Criminal, or Regulatory Inquiry, Investigation, Subpoena or Summons by Federal, State, or Local Authorities; Complete a Transaction for Which Personal Information was Collected; Cooperate with Law Enforcement Agencies Concerning Conduct or Activity that We Reasonably and in Good Faith Believe May Violate Federal, State, or Local Law; Exercise or Defend Legal Claims

No

As long as reasonably necessary to accomplish the disclosed purpose (including to exercise or defend legal claims and as otherwise required by applicable law)

The following items constitute Sensitive Personal Information. This notice includes the collection of personal information from employees. Because of this, much of the items listed below reflect information collected from employees in the course of employment with us.

Categories of Personal Information to Be Collected

Business or Commercial Purpose(s) for Which It Will Be Used

Sold or Shared?

Length of Time to Retain Such Category of Personal Information

Social Security Number

Performing Services on our Behalf; Helping to Ensure Security and Integrity to the Extent the Use of Consumer’s Personal Information is Reasonably Necessary and Proportionate for These Purposes; To Perform the Services or Provide the Goods Reasonably Expected by an Average Consumer who Requests such Goods or Services; Resist Malicious, Deceptive, Fraudulent, or Illegal Actions Directed at Us and to Prosecute those Responsible for those Actions; Ensure the Physical Safety of Natural Persons

No

As long as reasonably necessary to accomplish the disclosed purpose (including to exercise or defend legal claims and as otherwise required by applicable law)

Driver’s License Number

Performing Services on our Behalf; To Perform the Services or Provide the Goods Reasonably Expected by an Average Consumer who Requests Such Goods or Services; Helping to Ensure Security and Integrity to the Extent the Use of the Consumer’s Personal Information is Reasonably Necessary and Proportionate for these Purposes; Resist Malicious, Deceptive, Fraudulent, or Illegal Actions Directed at Us and to Prosecute those Responsible for those Actions; Ensure the Physical Safety of Natural Persons; Undertaking Activities to Verify or Maintain the Quality or Safety of a Service or Device that is Owned, Manufactured For, or Controlled by Us

No

As long as reasonably necessary to accomplish the disclosed purpose (including to exercise or defend legal claims and as otherwise required by applicable law)

State Identification Card Number

Performing Services on our Behalf; To Perform the Services or Provide the Goods Reasonably Expected by an Average Consumer who Requests Such Goods or Services; and Helping to Ensure Security and Integrity to the Extent the Use of the Consumer’s Personal Information is Reasonably Necessary and Proportionate for These Purposes; Resist Malicious, Deceptive, Fraudulent, or Illegal Actions Directed at Us and to Prosecute those Responsible for those Actions; Ensure the Physical Safety of Natural Persons

No

As long as reasonably necessary to accomplish the disclosed purpose (including to exercise or defend legal claims and as otherwise required by applicable law)

Passport Number

Performing Services on Our Behalf; Helping to Ensure Security and Integrity to the Extent the Use of the Consumer’s Personal Information is Reasonably Necessary and Proportionate for These Purposes; Resist Malicious, Deceptive, Fraudulent, or Illegal Actions Directed at Us and to Prosecute those Responsible for those Actions; Ensure the Physical Safety of Natural Persons; Perform the Services or Provide the Goods Reasonably Expected by an Average Consumer who Requests Such Goods or Services

No

As long as reasonably necessary to accomplish the disclosed purpose (including to exercise or defend legal claims and as otherwise required by applicable law)

Racial or Ethnic Origin

Performing Services on Our Behalf; To Perform the Services or Provide the Goods Reasonably Expected by an Average Consumer who Requests Such Goods or Services; Helping to Ensure Security and Integrity to the Extent the Use of the Consumer’s Personal Information is Reasonably Necessary and Proportionate for These Purposes; Resist Malicious, Deceptive, Fraudulent, or Illegal Actions Directed at Us and to Prosecute those Responsible for those Actions; Ensure the Physical Safety of Natural Persons

No

As long as reasonably necessary to accomplish the disclosed purpose (including to exercise or defend legal claims and as otherwise required by applicable law)

Precise Geolocation

Resist Malicious, Deceptive, Fraudulent, or Illegal Actions Directed at Us and to Prosecute those Responsible for those Actions; Ensure the Physical Safety of Natural Persons

No

As long as reasonably necessary to accomplish the disclosed purpose (including to exercise or defend legal claims and as otherwise required by applicable law)

Citizenship or Immigration Status

Performing Services on Our Behalf; To Perform the Services or Provide the Goods Reasonably Expected by an Average Consumer who Requests Such Goods or Services; Helping to Ensure Security and Integrity to the Extent the Use of Consumer’s Personal Information is Reasonably Necessary and Proportionate for These Purposes; and Undertaking Activities to Verify or Maintain the Quality or Safety of a Service or Device that is Owned, Manufactured For, or Controlled by Us

No

As long as reasonably necessary to accomplish the disclosed purpose (including to exercise or defend legal claims and as otherwise required by applicable law)

Religious or Philosophical Beliefs

To Perform the Services or Provide the Goods Reasonably Expected by an Average Consumer who Requests Such Goods or Services; Helping to Ensure Security and Integrity to the Extent the Use of the Consumer’s Personal Information is Reasonably Necessary and Proportionate For These Purposes

No

As long as reasonably necessary to accomplish the disclosed purpose (including to exercise or defend legal claims and as otherwise required by applicable law)

Health Information

Performing Services on Our Behalf; To Perform the Services or Provide the Goods Reasonably Expected by an Average Consumer who Requests Such Goods or Services; Helping to Ensure Security and Integrity to the Extent the Use of the Consumer’s Personal Information is Reasonably Necessary and Proportionate for These Purposes

No

As long as reasonably necessary to accomplish the disclosed purpose (including to exercise or defend legal claims and as otherwise required by applicable law)

Sex Life or Sexual Orientation Information

To Perform the Services or Provide the Goods Reasonably Expected by an Average Consumer who Requests Such Goods or Services; Helping to Ensure Security and Integrity to the Extent the Use of the Consumer’s Personal Information is Reasonably Necessary and Proportionate for These Purposes

No

As long as reasonably necessary to accomplish the disclosed purpose (including to exercise or defend legal claims and as otherwise required by applicable law)

Contents of Mail, Email, or Text Messages Where We Are Not the Intended Recipient

To Perform the Services or Provide the Goods Reasonably Expected by an Average Consumer who Requests Such Goods or Services

No

As long as reasonably necessary to accomplish the disclosed purpose (including to exercise or defend legal claims and as otherwise required by applicable law)

Genetic Data

To Perform the Services or Provide the Goods Reasonably Expected by an Average Consumer who Requests Such Goods or Services

No

As long as reasonably necessary to accomplish the disclosed purpose (including to exercise or defend legal claims and as otherwise required by applicable law)

