Website Terms of Use
Skip to main content
Website Terms of Use
Your use of the websites, mobile sites, and mobile applications on which these terms reside (collectively, the “Site”), and the features at this Site are subject to these Terms of Use, which we may update from time to time.
Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using this Site.
The Site is owned or controlled by Prometheus Global Media LLC (“Company”).
THIS SITE IS INTENDED FOR AND APPLICABLE ONLY FOR RESIDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES, EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER.  IF YOU ARE FROM ANOTHER JURISDICTION OR UNDER EIGHTEEN YEARS OF AGE, YOU MAY NOT USE THIS SITE
.  By accessing this Site in any way, including, without limitation, browsing this Site, using any information, and/or submitting information to Company, you agree to and are bound by the terms, conditions, policies and notices contained on this page (the “Terms”), including, but not limited to, conducting this transaction electronically, disclaimers of warranties, damage and remedy exclusions and limitations, and a choice of New York law.
From time to time we may update this Site and these Terms.  Your use of this Site after we post any changes to these Terms constitutes your agreement to those changes.  You agree to review these Terms periodically to
ensure
that you are familiar with the most recent version.  Company may, in its sole discretion, and at any time, discontinue this Site or any part thereof, with or without notice, or may prevent your use of this Site with or without notice to you.  You agree that you do not have any rights in this Site and that Company will have no liability to you if this Site is discontinued or your ability to access the Site or any content you may have posted on the Site is terminated for any reason.
Company Content
Content on this Site that is provided by Company or its licensors, including certain graphics, photographs, images, screen shots, text, articles, digitally downloadable files, trademarks, logos, product and program names, slogans, and the compilation of the foregoing (“Company Content”) is the property of Company and its licensors, and is protected in the U.S. and internationally under trademark, copyright, and other intellectual property laws.
You agree not to download, display or use any Company Content located on the Site for use in any publications, in public performances, on websites other than this Site for any other commercial purpose, in connection with products or services that are not those of Company, in any other manner that is likely to cause confusion among consumers, that disparages or discredits Company and/or its licensors, that dilutes the strength of Company's or its licensor's property, or that otherwise infringes Company’s or its licensors’ intellectual property rights. You further agree to in no other way misuse any Company Content or Third Party Content that appears on this Site.
If you are a trademark or copyright owner and you believe that your trademark or copyright rights have been violated, please go to our
Proprietary Rights Complaint Process
and follow the instructions at that area.
Use of the Site and Posting Policy
The following requirements apply to your use the Site: (a) you will not use any electronic communication feature of the Site for any purpose that is unlawful, tortious, libelous, defamatory, harassing, abusive, obscene, vulgar, sexually explicit, intrusive on another's privacy, or inappropriate with respect to race, gender, sexuality, ethnicity, or other intrinsic characteristic; (b) you will not upload, post, reproduce, or distribute any information, software, or other material protected by copyright or any other intellectual property right (as well as rights of publicity and privacy) without first obtaining the permission of the owner of such rights; (c) you will not collect or store personal data about other users; (d) you will not use the Site for any commercial purpose not expressly approved by Company in writing; (e) you will not upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any advertising or promotional materials or any other form of solicitation or unauthorized communication; (f) you will not upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any material that contains viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs which might interrupt, limit, or interfere with the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.
From time to time on certain areas of our Site you may be able to submit photos, written posts and certain other materials (“User Content”).  By using these features, you agree that you will not post any such User Content that is unlawful, tortious, libelous, defamatory, harassing, abusive, obscene, vulgar, sexually explicit, intrusive on another's privacy, or inappropriate with respect to race, gender, sexuality, ethnicity, or other intrinsic characteristic; that you will not post any User Content that contains personal information about or the likeness of any individual, violates the privacy/publicity of any other individual or entity, or anything that you are under a contractual obligation to keep private or confidential; that you will not post any User Content that is clearly false or misleading; that you will not impersonate any person or organization, including without limitation, the personnel of Company, or misrepresent an affiliation with another person or organization; and you will not post or upload any User Content that contains viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may adversely affect the operation of the Site, or any feature of the Site.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, these Terms in no way limit your rights under the Consumer Review Fairness Act of 2016 (H.R. 5111).
By displaying, publishing, or otherwise posting any User Content on or through the Site, you hereby grant to Company a non-exclusive, sub-licensable, worldwide, fully-paid, royalty free license to use your User Content (including, without limitation, to modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute such User Content) in any and all media now known or hereinafter developed without the requirement to make payment to you or to any third party or the need to seek any third party permission. This license includes the right to host, index, cache, distribute, and tag any User Content, as well as the right to sublicense User Content to third parties, including other users, for use on other media or platforms known or hereinafter developed, such as for use on mobile phones, or in video, music, or software programs. You continue to retain all ownership rights in your User Content, and you continue to have the right to use your User Content in any way you choose, subject to these Terms and the license described herein. You represent and warrant that you own the User Content submitted, displayed, published or posted by you on the Site and otherwise have the right to grant the license set forth herein, and the displaying, publishing or posting of any User Content you submit, and our use thereof does not and will not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademark rights, patents, contract rights or any other intellectual property rights or other rights of any person or entity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you further understand and agree that you have no ownership rights to any account you may have with us, or other access to the Site or features therein. Company may cancel your account and delete all User Content associated with your account at any time, and without notice, including without limitation if Company deems that you have violated these Terms, the law, or for any other reason.
Company assumes no liability for any information removed from our Site, and reserves the right to permanently restrict access to the Site or a user account. Company does not endorse, verify, evaluate or guarantee any information provided by users and nothing shall be considered as an endorsement, verification or guarantee of any User Content. You shall not create or distribute information, including but not limited to advertisements, press releases or other marketing materials, or include links to any sites which contain or suggest an endorsement by Company without the prior review and written approval of Company.
You agree to indemnify and hold Company, its parents, subsidiaries, officers, employees, and website contractors and each of their officers, employees and agents harmless from any claims, damages and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, related to your violation of these Terms, including the posting policy, or any violations thereof by your dependents or which arises from the use of User Content you submitted, posted, or otherwise provided to Company or this Site.
Accounts, Passwords, and Security
Certain areas of the Site require registration or otherwise ask you to provide information to participate in certain features or access certain content. If you elect not to provide such information, you may not be able to access certain content or participate in certain features of the Site, or any features at all.
If the Site requires you to create an account or otherwise submit information, you must complete the specified process by providing us with current, complete, and accurate information as requested by the applicable registration form. It is your responsibility to maintain the currency, completeness, and accuracy of your registration data, and any loss caused by your failure to do so is your responsibility. During the registration process, you will be asked to enter your name and valid e-mail address and choose a password. It is entirely your responsibility to maintain the confidentiality of your password and account. Additionally, you are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree to notify Company immediately of any unauthorized use of your account. You further agree not to email, post, or otherwise disseminate any user ID, password, or other information which provides you access to the Site. Company is not liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or account, either with or without your knowledge, and is not responsible for any delay in shutting down your account after you have reported a breach of security to us.
Use of Credit Card
If you wish to purchase any subscription, or other product or service made available through the Site, you will be asked to supply certain information relevant to your transaction, including without limitation your credit card number, the expiration date of your credit card, your billing address, and your shipping information. YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE LEGAL RIGHT TO USE ANY CREDIT CARD(S) UTILIZED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSACTION. By submitting such information, you grant us or the third party collecting that information on our behalf the right to provide such information to third parties for purposes of facilitating the completion of transactions initiated by you or on your behalf. Verification of information may be required prior to the acknowledgment or completion of any transaction. Subscriptions to Company publications are subject to the terms and conditions found in our
Subscriber Agreement
.
End User License to Use Our Mobile Apps
Our mobile applications (each, an “Application”), including the software; any code, files, and images, contained in or generated by the software; accompanying data; Boot ROM code; and other embedded software; Application Updates (as defined below); documentation; and any accompanying fonts, whether in read-only memory, on any other media or in any other form are licensed to you by Company subject to these Terms. Neither title nor any intellectual property rights are transferred to you, but rather remain with Company, who owns full and complete title, and Company reserves all rights not expressly granted to you. The rights granted herein are non-transferable and are limited to Company’s intellectual property rights in the Application and do not include any other patents or intellectual property rights. These Terms do not grant you any rights to use the Application, Application Updates, or any other Company proprietary interfaces or other intellectual property in the design, development, manufacture, licensing or distribution of third-party devices and accessories for use with the Application. Any use of the Application in any manner not allowed under this Agreement or the
LAEULA
(as defined below), including, without limitation, resale, transfer, modification or distribution of the Application or copying or distribution of text, pictures, music, video, data, hyperlinks, displays and other content provided by the Application is prohibited. These Terms do not entitle you to receive and do not obligate Company to provide hard-copy documentation, support, telephone assistance, or enhancements or updates to the Application. You may not modify, alter, copy, publicly display or perform, distribute, create derivative works, of the Application.
Except as and only to the extent permitted by applicable law, or by licensing terms governing use of open-sourced components included with the Application, you may not copy,
decompile
, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or create derivative works of the Application, Application Updates, or any part thereof. Any attempt to do so is a violation of the rights of Company and its licensors of the Application and Application Updates. If you breach this restriction, you may be subject to prosecution and damages. By storing content on your device, you are making a digital copy. In some jurisdictions, it is unlawful to make digital copies without prior permission from the rights holder. The Application and Application Updates may be used to reproduce materials so long as such use is limited to reproduction of non-copyrighted materials, materials in which you own the copyright, or materials you are authorized or legally permitted to reproduce.
Company may make available for download certain application updates or upgrades to the Application to update, enhance or further develop the Application (“Application Updates”). The license granted herein allows you to download and use the Application Updates to update the Application on any device that you own or control. These Terms do not allow you to update devices that you do not own or control, and you may not make the Application Updates available over a network where they could be used by multiple devices or multiple computers at the same time. You may not make any copies of the Application Updates, unless such copy is authorized in writing by Company.
Company may, at its discretion, automatically download Application Updates to your device. You agree to accept these Application Updates, and to pay for any costs associated with receiving them. The Application and Application Updates are subject to United States export laws and regulations. You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the Application and Application Updates. These laws include restrictions on destinations, end users and end use.
Use of our Mobile Apps for Apple Devices
These Terms incorporate by reference the Licensed Application End User License Agreement (the
“LAEULA”
) published by Apple Inc. (located online at http://www.apple.com/legal/
itunes
/
appstore
/
dev
/
stdeula
/). For purposes of these Terms, each of our Applications is considered the “Licensed Application” as defined in the
LAEULA
and Company is considered the “Application Provider” as defined in the
LAEULA
. If any of these Terms conflict with the terms of the
LAEULA
, these Terms shall control. You further acknowledge and agree that in no event will Apple Inc. be responsible for any claims relating to our Application (including, without limitation, a third party claim that the Application infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights) or your use or possession of the Application, including but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the Application fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. You acknowledge and agree that, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple Inc. will have no warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Application.
Mobile Service, Internet and Service Fees
Your use of our Application requires use of a mobile device and may require use of a wireless mobile data service, which must be obtained from your wireless carrier, and may also require Internet access, which must be obtained from your service provider; you are responsible for obtaining and paying for such additional services and obtaining a suitable device, including without limitation all usage charges related thereto. You may be required to send and receive, at your cost, electronic communications related to the Application, including without limitation, administrative messages, service announcements, diagnostic data reports, and Application Updates, from Company, your mobile carrier or third party service providers. If you do not have an unlimited wireless mobile data plan, you may incur additional charges from your wireless service provider in connection with your use of the Application. You are solely responsible for obtaining any additional subscription or connectivity services or equipment necessary to access the Application, including but not limited to payment of all third party fees associated therewith, including fees for information sent to or through the Application.
The Application may not work with all devices or all mobile carriers. Company makes no representations that the Application will be compatible with or provided by all mobile carriers. In the event that fees are charged for the Application, or other third-party service providers charge a fee for the products or services they provide, you agree to pay such fee to the respective party in exchange for your continued use of such products or services. Some services may be subject to different or additional terms (including fees), which you will be required to agree to prior to your use of such services.
Some functionality of the Application, including location based services and functionality, may require the transmission of information from and about you and/or the Application, including, without limitation, names, user names and passwords, email address, financial information (such as credit card numbers), and/or GPS location.  If you use such Application functionality, you consent to the transmission of your user information to Company and/or Company’s agents and you authorize Company and/or its agents to record, process, and store such information as necessary for the Application functionality and for purposes described in our Privacy Policy at
https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/p/legal/privacy
.
Representations, and Limitations of Liability
Company makes no representations about the reliability of the features of this Site, the Content, User Content, or any other Site feature, and disclaims all liability in the event of any service failure. You acknowledge that any reliance on such material or systems will be at your own risk. Company makes no representations regarding the amount of time that any Content or User Content will be preserved.
The Internet may be subject to breaches of security. Company is not responsible for any resulting damage to any user’s device or computer from any such security breach, or from any virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer line failure or any other technical or other malfunction. You should also be aware that e-mail and other submissions over the Internet may not be secure, and you should consider this before e-mailing Company any information or posting information to the Site. Company makes no representation or warranty whatsoever regarding the suitability, functionality, performance, availability or operation of the Site. This Site may be temporarily unavailable due to maintenance or malfunction of computer equipment.
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS, AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE MADE WITH RESPECT TO THIS SITE OR ANY INFORMATION OR SOFTWARE THEREIN. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, SHALL COMPANY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (COLLECTIVELY, “DAMAGES”) THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE, NOR SHALL COMPANY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER THAT RESULT FROM MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELETION OF FILES, ERRORS, DEFECTS, DELAYS IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, OR ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY EVENTS BEYOND COMPANY’S REASONABLE CONTROL, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ACTS OF GOD, COMMUNICATIONS LINE FAILURE, THEFT, DESTRUCTION, OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO THIS SITE'S RECORDS, PROGRAMS, OR SERVICES. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO A NEGLIGENT ACT, WILL COMPANY OR ITS AFFILIATES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGE OF ANY KIND THAT RESULTS FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE, EVEN IF COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR OTHER DAMAGES; AS A RESULT, THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU AND THE FOREGOING PARAGRAPH SHALL NOT APPLY TO A RESIDENT OF NEW JERSEY TO THE EXTENT DAMAGES TO SUCH NEW JERSEY RESIDENT ARE THE RESULT OF COMPANY’S NEGLIGENT, FRAUDULENT OR RECKLESS ACT(S) OR INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT.
ANY PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES DESCRIBED ON THE SITE ARE OFFERED IN JURISDICTIONS WHERE THEY MAY BE LEGALLY OFFERED FOR SALE. THE INFORMATION ON THE SITE IS NOT AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION BY ANYONE IN ANYONE IN ANY JURISDICTION IN WHICH AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION CANNOT LEGALLY BE MADE, OR TO ANY PERSON TO WHOM IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE A SOLICITATION.
Third Party Websites, Applications, and Services
This Site may hyperlink to other third-party services, websites, applications, software, and other content from third-party providers such as social media partners, wireless carriers, and third-party software application developers (“Third-Party Services”). The Application may also allow you to add/configure certain Third-Party Services to your device. Third-Party Services are not maintained by or related to Company. Hyperlinks are provided as a service to users and are not sponsored by or affiliated with this Site or Company, and Company makes no representations or warranties about the content, completeness, or accuracy of those Third-Party Services. Company is not responsible for the availability of such Third-Party Services, and does not endorse nor is responsible or liable for any content or other materials on or available from such Third-Party Services. Your use of the Third-Party Services may be subject to additional terms, including software license terms, of those third parties.
Information you submit through a Third-Party Service is subject to the terms of that Third-Party Service’s privacy policy, and Company has no control over how your information is collected, used, or otherwise handled. Users who utilize Third-Party Services should be aware that account and other personal information held by those third parties may be transmitted through and stored on servers and/or applications located in the United States and elsewhere. You understand and agree that the companies that provide the Third-Party Services may access, use and share certain information about you, if you use the Third-Party Services. You understand and agree Company is not responsible for these companies, or their use of any other of your information. Your use of the Third-Party Services is at your own risk.
Miscellaneous
Both you and Company acknowledge and agree that no partnership is formed and neither of you nor Company has the power or the authority to obligate or bind the other.
These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of New York without regard to conflicts of laws principles.  By using this Site, you hereby agree that any and all disputes regarding these Terms will be subject to the courts located in New York, New York.
You agree that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any and all disputes, claims, and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Site and/or these Terms, will be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action.  These Terms operate to the fullest extent permissible by law.
On certain areas of our Site, you may be given the ability to provide us with personally identifiable information. Please read our
Privacy Policy
for more information about our information collection and use practices.
The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (1980) is hereby excluded in its entirety from application to these Terms. You may not use or otherwise export or re-export any Application except as authorized by United States law and the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Application was obtained. In particular, but without limitation, the Application may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any U.S. embargoed countries or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Person’s List or Entity List. By using the Application, you represent and warrant that you are not located in any such country or on any such list. You also agree that you will not use an Application for any purposes prohibited by United States law, including, without limitation, the development, design, manufacture or production of nuclear, missiles, or chemical or biological weapons.
The failure of Company to comply with these Terms because of an act of God, war, fire, riot, terrorism, earthquake, actions of federal, state or local governmental authorities or for any other reason beyond the reasonable control of Company, shall not be deemed a breach of these Terms.
If Company fails to act with respect to your breach or anyone else's breach on any occasion, Company is not waiving its right to act with respect to future or similar breaches.
If any provision of these Terms shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms of use and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
These Terms constitute a binding agreement between you and Company, and is accepted by you upon your use of the Site or your account. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Company regarding the use of the Site and your account. By using the Site you represent that you are capable of entering into a binding agreement, and that you agree to be bound by these Terms.
PMC Logo
Most Popular
Jeff Bezos' Ex Makes Major Financial Change After Reports He & Lauren Sanchez Are Going to Court For Money
Patriots, Seahawks Face California Tax Bill in Super Bowl Pursuit
SVA Chair David A. Ross Resigns After Epstein Files Reveal Ties: ‘I’m Still Proud to Call You a Friend’
Janet Jackson Celebrates The Confidence Of ‘Control’ On Pivotal Album’s 40th Anniversary
You may also like
MLS Team Values 2026: Messi’s Miami Leads at $1.45B, Up 22%
7 hours ago
Inside Or’esh, the New Mediterranean Restaurant From the Team Behind N.Y.C.’s Hit Corner Store
7 hours ago
The Many Battles Of Salt-N-Pepa
12 hours ago
Republican Rep. Ogles Calls For Congressional Probe Into NFL/NBC Over ‘Pure Smut’ Bad Bunny Super Bowl Halftime Show: ‘Unspeakable Depravities’
7 hours ago
Follow Us
Facebook
Facebook
Instagram
Instagram
LinkedIn
LinkedIn
Threads
Threads
TikTok
TikTok
X
X
YouTube
YouTube
Newsletter Sign Up
Sign Up
Subscribe
Sign Up
By providing your information, you agree to our
Terms of Use
and our
Privacy Policy
.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. // This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
apply.
Have a Tip?
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Send Us a Tip
Sign Up
Icon Link
Plus Icon
The Hollywood Reporter is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2026 The Hollywood Reporter, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
THE HOLLYWOOD REPORTER is a registered trademark of The Hollywood Reporter, LLC.
Powered by WordPress.com VIP
ad