Hot Pepper Gourmet Terms of Use
Article 1 (Application of Terms)
The Hot Pepper Gourmet Terms of Use (hereinafter referred to as the "Terms") apply to users (including members who have registered on the Site; hereinafter referred to as the "User") of "Hot Pepper Gourmet" (including any applications related to the Site; hereinafter referred to as the "Site"), a comprehensive online restaurant information service managed and operated by Recruit Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the "Company") and provided to residents of Japan, as well as email distribution and other various information provision services associated with the Site (hereinafter referred to as the "Services").
The Company reserves the right to change these Terms without obtaining the consent of the User. The changed Terms will take effect from the time they are displayed on the Service, unless otherwise specified by the Company, and if the User uses the Service after the changes to these Terms take effect, the User will be deemed to have agreed to all of the contents of the changed Terms.
If there are any notices, etc. posted by our company on this service and usage guidelines presented when providing this service (collectively referred to as "Notices, etc."), the Notices, etc. shall constitute part of these Terms and Conditions.
By using this service, users are deemed to have agreed to these terms and conditions.
If the user is a minor, they must use the Service with the consent of their legal representative (meaning a parent or guardian of a minor; the same applies below). If a minor uses the Service, it will be deemed that the consent of the legal representative has been obtained.
Article 2 (Regarding Membership Registration and Member Use)
Member services are available only to users who have registered as members on this service (hereinafter referred to as "members"). Users who wish to use member services must register as members before using them.
When registering as a member, users must adhere to the following conditions:
[1] Enter true and accurate information about themselves in the information fields on the member registration page of the Service and submit it to us. Please refrain from entering any personally identifiable information for public disclosure. If members are able to choose their own IDs, nicknames, etc., they must not use language that offends third parties or violates their privacy rights.
[2] If any changes occur to the information entered in [1], please access the member registration information change page on the Service and make the appropriate changes or corrections. We are not responsible for any problems that arise if such changes or corrections are not made.
[3] If we request members to submit documents to verify or verify their registration information, they must comply within the period specified by us.
We shall not be liable for any damages incurred by a user due to violation of the provisions of the preceding paragraph unless such damages are due to willful misconduct or negligence on the part of our company.
If the Company determines that a user has violated the provisions of paragraph 2 or has not provided true and accurate data, the Company may cancel the registration of the member in question and prohibit the member from using the Service in the future.
Members agree in advance that if they do not log in to the relevant member service even once within a certain period of time after registering as a member, their membership registration may be cancelled during data maintenance of the relevant member service.
The Company will issue members with IDs and passwords necessary for using member-only services. Any actions taken using the IDs and passwords will be considered the responsibility of the member who holds the IDs and passwords.
IDs and passwords issued by our company may only be used by members and may not be transferred or loaned to third parties.
For member services, members may only have one ID and password. If the Company determines that a member is suspected of having multiple IDs and passwords, the Company may take any measures it deems necessary, such as prohibiting the member from using member services. The member will not raise any objections to this, and will indemnify the Company and refrain from making any claims for compensation or other claims, even if the member suffers damage or disadvantage as a result. However, if damage is caused by the Company's willful misconduct or negligence, the member will compensate for such damage. The Company shall not be obligated to disclose or explain to the user the basis for such determination.
Members may cancel their membership at any time. However, in such cases, they must follow the cancellation procedures provided on the Service.
Article 3 (Reservations)
The listed restaurants provide food and beverage services at their own risk, and our company has no involvement in the provision of such services. When making a reservation with a listed restaurant through this service, users shall use the listed restaurant at their own risk, and any inquiries or requests regarding the listed restaurant's services, such as reservation details, shall be made directly to the listed restaurant.
Users are prohibited from engaging in the following actions when making reservations with Listed Restaurants through this Service:
[1] Cancelling reservations made through this Service without permission;
[2] Failure to pay cancellation fees if the Listed Restaurant has set such fees on this Service;
[3] Making reservations at multiple Listed Restaurants for the same time on the same day, or engaging in any other activity that may make it impossible for the user to visit the Listed Restaurant or receive the services specified in the reservation;
[4] Entering information other than that related to the reservation with the Listed Restaurant on the reservation details input screen of this Service;
[5] Entering intentionally false information (including, but not limited to, non-existent fictitious information) such as one's own or another person's name, address, telephone number, email address, etc. on the reservation details input screen of this Service;
[6] Behaving in a nuisance to our company, Listed Restaurants, or third parties;
[7] Any other activity that violates or may violate laws and regulations.
If we determine that a user has violated any of the items in the preceding paragraph, or if a listed store reports that a user has violated any of the items in the preceding paragraph, we may take any measures that we deem necessary (including, but not limited to, legal action), such as suspending the user's use of part or all of the Service, revoking the user's membership, or filing a claim for damages, without prior notice to the user.
Users agree in advance that our company and its subcontractors may view and confirm the information on whether emails sent by Listed Stores to Users have been opened, and use this information to respond to inquiries, investigate malfunctions and problems, understand the usage status of the Service, report the usage status of the Service to Listed Stores, and for the operation, improvement, and planning of services operated by our company, including the Service. Please note that the period of use stipulated in this paragraph may continue even after the User has terminated their use of the Service (regardless of the reason).
Article 4 (Hot Pepper Meal Ticket Service)
The Hot Pepper Meal Voucher Service (hereinafter referred to as the "Meal Voucher Service") is a service operated by our company that allows members to purchase meal vouchers (hereinafter referred to as the "Meal Voucher") posted on the Service. The Meal Voucher is the right for members to use a certain amount (hereinafter referred to as the "Pre-Discount Price") of a service (hereinafter referred to as the "Store Service") provided by the entity that provides the service (hereinafter referred to as the "Store") at a discounted price (hereinafter referred to as the "Discount Price"). The Meal Voucher can only be used to pay all or part of the price of the Store Service when using the Store Service.
This meal voucher is a registered debt that represents the member's right to use store services at a discounted price equal to the pre-discount price, and the debtor is the store that provides the store service, and the member shall use the store service at their own risk. Please note that this meal voucher cannot be exchanged for cash, and the store will not give change, so please use it to pay for store services that are above the pre-discount price.
The Company does not make any guarantees regarding store services. Furthermore, any inquiries regarding store services must be made directly by the user to the store, and the Company will not be involved in such inquiries whatsoever.
Members who wish to purchase Meal Vouchers must apply for the purchase of Meal Vouchers in the manner prescribed by the Service within the period for accepting purchase applications for Meal Vouchers set forth on the Service (hereinafter referred to as the "Purchase Application Acceptance Period"), and a sales contract for the Meal Vouchers will be established with our company upon completion of the purchase procedure. Please note that minor members must also obtain parental consent before applying for a purchase.
The purchase application acceptance period may be changed at the discretion of our company or the store.
After the purchase procedure is complete, the member cannot unilaterally change or cancel the sales contract for the meal voucher that has been established with our company, unless our company is liable for default. Furthermore, even if the member changes or cancels the contract, the store and our company will not refund any of the price of the meal voucher received from the member, unless the store or our company is in default on the sales contract (even if the member has not yet paid for the meal voucher, our company may claim the price). Therefore, members should carefully check the contents and terms of the meal voucher before applying for a purchase.
When a purchase and sale contract for this meal voucher is concluded, the member in question will be obligated to pay the full price of the meal voucher in accordance with the method specified on this service.
The Meal Voucher will be issued to the Member once we have confirmed the completion of the payment set forth in the preceding paragraph. The issuance of the Meal Voucher will be considered complete once we have enabled the Member to view and print the Meal Voucher on the page designated by us on the Service. Even if the Member suffers damage due to reasons such as the Member being unable to access the Service after the issuance of the Meal Voucher, the Restaurant and our Company shall not be liable in any way except in cases of willful or negligent act on their part.
This meal voucher can be used until the expiration date printed on the meal voucher (hereinafter referred to as the "Expiration Date"). Please note that neither the store nor our company is obligated to redeem this meal voucher after the expiration date.
Regarding meal vouchers purchased by members through this meal voucher service, we do not guarantee that the stores at which the meal vouchers can be used will continue to operate during the validity period of the meal vouchers, that store services will be available during the validity period of the meal vouchers, that store services will meet the members' needs, or that they will be useful, or anything else.
Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, if the store providing the store service goes bankrupt or is at risk of going bankrupt between the time the sales contract is concluded and the expiration date of the Meal Voucher, or if the Company determines that it will be difficult to use the Meal Voucher, the Member who purchased the Meal Voucher may request a refund of the Meal Voucher price from the Company before the expiration date of the Meal Voucher in a manner specified by the Company, and the Company will refund the price. However, the method of refund will be in accordance with a method separately specified by the Company.
If a meal voucher that has been issued becomes unusable, except as provided for in the preceding paragraph, the member must negotiate directly with the restaurant, and the Company shall not bear any responsibility whatsoever, except in cases where the Company is guilty of willful misconduct or negligence.
Regardless of whether the purchase and sale contract for this meal voucher has been concluded or not, if we determine that it is difficult for the restaurant to provide the restaurant service to the purchaser, if we determine that the purchaser may suffer a disadvantage as a result of using this meal voucher, or if we otherwise determine that it is appropriate to terminate the purchase and sale contract for this meal voucher, we may, at our sole discretion, terminate the purchase and sale contract for this meal voucher.Following such termination, the price of the meal voucher will be refunded in a manner specified by our company.
We will only provide this meal ticket service to persons residing in Japan, and will not be applicable to persons residing overseas.
Article 5 (About Smart Secretary-kun)
The "Smart Manager" service operated by our company (hereinafter referred to as the "Manager Service") used in this article refers to a service that provides a place where users can smoothly search for banquet and party venues, etc., by the following methods:
(1) Presentation of banquet plan and service information from restaurants, etc. participating in the Manager Service (hereinafter referred to as the "Restaurants, etc.") that can provide banquet plans and services that meet the desired conditions;
(2) Message exchange with the Restaurants, etc. presented in (1) (Please note that the Manager Service does not finalize reservations for banquets and parties.)
This Hosting Service can be used by following the steps below:
(1) The user enters the desired area and other specified conditions, as well as the user's name, email address, and other required fields into the reservation conditions input form, and clicks the confirmation button to register the desired conditions.
(2) A message informing the user of banquet plans and services will be sent to the email address registered in (1) from Restaurants that can provide services similar to the user's desired conditions. (
3) The user selects the Restaurant they wish to use from the Restaurants that responded in (2), checks the message through the system of this Hosting Service using the URL provided in the email, and sends a reply message using the reply form. (
4) The Restaurant will
then send a reply message to (3) through the system of this Hosting Service. (5) By repeating steps (3) and (4), the user will proceed with the selection of a banquet/party venue. Please note that reservations are not made through this Hosting Service, so to confirm a banquet/party venue reservation, the user must promptly confirm directly with the Restaurant by phone before confirming the reservation.
The Company shall not be involved in any way with the content of messages from the Restaurant, etc., negotiations with the Restaurant, etc., reservations, or cancellations, and shall not make any guarantees whatsoever.
The Company does not guarantee that the Restaurant, etc. will continue to operate until the date of reservation made through the Managing Service, that services will be available from the Restaurant, etc., that the services provided by the Restaurant, etc. will meet the user's expectations, or be useful, or anything else.
Article 6 (Posting Service)
We operate a posting service on this service with the aim of encouraging users to take action and enriching the information on this service.
Only members who meet the conditions specified by our company in the " FAQ " may post to the posting service .
When using the posting service to post comments, photos, store information, and other information (collectively referred to as "Comments"), Members must enter the information accurately and comply with the review posting policy separately established by our company. 4. Our company may freely perform the following processes on comments posted by Members on the posting service, free of charge, without the Member's permission. This provision defines our rights, not our obligations. Members acknowledge in advance that after posting a Comment to the posting service, our company is not obligated to delete the Comment, regardless of the Member's reason for doing so.
(1) To review the content to determine whether it complies with the review posting policy
. (2) To decide whether or not to post the Comment on the Service based on the review results.
(3) To revise and post the Comment on the Service based on the review results.
(4) To revise or delete the Comment posted on the Service after posting.
(5) To carry out the above processes in media other than the Service designated by our company. In this case, "the Service" shall be deemed to be replaced with "media designated by our company."
(6) To provide the information to the advertisers in a form that does not identify individuals.
(7) To analyze and use the information to improve the Service, such as by adding recommendation features.
In order to improve satisfaction with the use of this service, we may contact members directly and check the content of comments posted by such members.
Article 7 (Interactive search function)
In these Terms and Conditions, "interactive search function" refers to an interactive search function operated by our company for the purpose of assisting users in their searches and enriching the information on this service.
By using the interactive search function (including when a user sends a message to the interactive search function and when the user views, uses, or downloads content or information included in the interactive search function), the user is deemed to have agreed to these Terms of Use.
Our company may freely use any and all information, including text, images, videos, and audio, that users input or send through the interactive search function at any time. Furthermore, even if users have moral rights to such information, they will not exercise such rights against our company.
Users shall not input or transmit personal information of themselves or third parties on the interactive search function.
Users may not input or send any information, including text, images, videos, audio, etc., to the interactive search function, to which the rights belong to a third party other than the user, unless they have obtained prior consent to the contents of these Terms of Use from the relevant rights holder (including, but not limited to, copyright holders and persons with privacy rights or portrait rights).
If any trouble arises between a user and a third party, including another user, due to the user's violation of any of the preceding paragraphs, the Company shall not be liable unless such trouble is attributable to willful misconduct or negligence on the part of the Company.
Article 8 (Suspension and Termination of the Service)
Our company may temporarily suspend the operation of this service without prior notice or consent from users in the following cases:
[1] When maintenance or changes to the specifications of this service are required
; [2] When a natural disaster, incident, or other emergency occurs or is likely to occur, making the operation of this service difficult or impossible;
[3] When our company determines that a temporary suspension of this service is necessary for the operation of this service or for other reasons;
[4] When this service cannot be provided due to a malfunction of the system for providing this service, unauthorized access from a third party, infection by a computer virus, etc.;
[5] When this service cannot be provided due to measures taken under laws and regulations, etc.
If the operation of this Service is temporarily suspended pursuant to the provisions of the preceding paragraph and a user suffers damage as a result, the Company shall not be liable in any way. However, if damage is caused by the Company's willful misconduct or negligence, the Company shall compensate for such damage. Furthermore, if the operation of this Service is suspended pursuant to the preceding paragraph, the Company shall notify the user in advance on the Service. However, this does not apply in the case of an emergency.
The Company may suspend or discontinue the Service at its own convenience.
If the Company discontinues the Service, the Company will notify the User of this fact via the Service at least two weeks prior to the date of discontinuation.
The Company shall not be liable for any damages incurred by users or third parties due to the suspension or discontinuation of the Service. However, if damages are caused by the Company's willful misconduct or negligence, the Company shall compensate for such damages.
Article 9 (Our Responsibilities)
While we strive to provide users with reliable services and information, we make no guarantees regarding the following: When using the Service (including when using third-party services to receive information about listed restaurants and recommendations for reservations), users must independently assess the usefulness of the Service and the information and services provided therein, and use the Service at their own risk.
(1) We are not responsible for the usefulness, suitability, completeness, accuracy, safety, legality, or currency of all information provided on the Service (including information provided as part of or in connection with the Service via email, etc., and all information contained in linked sites managed or operated by third parties that appear on the Service; the same applies hereinafter). (2) We are not responsible for any actions related to negotiations, contracts, or other transactions
with third parties using information provided on the Service. (3) We are not responsible for any
defects, errors, or disruptions in the provision of the Service.
(4) We are not responsible for any products, services, information, etc. available through the Service that meet users' expectations.
(5) We are not responsible for any statements or transmissions made by users on the Service that infringe the rights of third parties.
(6) Emails, web content, etc. sent in connection with this service do not contain harmful content such as computer viruses.
We may, at our sole discretion, modify, delete, or add to the content of this Service, or amend or discontinue the Service, at any time, and we do not guarantee that the continuation or integrity of this Service will be maintained.
The Company shall not bear any communication costs or capital investment incurred when users use the Service.
If we are liable for a user's use of this service, we will only compensate for direct and ordinary damages (up to the price of the meal ticket in the case of this meal ticket service) except in cases where we are guilty of intentional or negligent misconduct.
Article 10 (Intellectual Property Rights)
All rights (including ownership, intellectual property rights, portrait rights, and publicity rights) to the text, images, programs, and other data (excluding comments from users) that make up the Service shall belong to the Company or a third party that holds such rights, and users shall not reproduce, copy, reprint, transfer, store, sell, publish, or use such data in any way beyond the scope of their personal personal use without the Company's permission, regardless of the method or form.

Article 11 (Exclusion of Anti-Social Forces)
Users represent and warrant that they are not currently a member of an organized crime group, a member of an organized crime group, a person who has been a member of an organized crime group for less than five years, a quasi-member of an organized crime group, a company related to an organized crime group, corporate racketeers, etc., a social activist fraudster, a special intelligence
violent group, etc., or any other person equivalent to any of the above (hereinafter referred to as "Organized Crime Group Members, etc."), and that they do not fall under any of the following items and will not fall under any of the following items in the future: [1] Having a relationship that is deemed to give an organized crime group member,
etc. control over the management; [2] Having a relationship that is deemed to give an organized crime group member,
etc. substantial involvement in the management; [3] Having a relationship that is deemed to be an unfair use of an organized crime group member
, etc. for the purpose of obtaining wrongful gain for themselves or a third party or for the purpose of causing damage to a third party; [4] Having a relationship that is deemed to give funds, etc., or other convenience to an organized crime group member, etc.;
[5] An officer or a person substantially involved in management has a socially reprehensible relationship with an organized crime group member, etc.
Users agree not to engage in any of the following acts, either by themselves or through a third party:
(1) Violent demands
; (2) Unreasonable demands that exceed legal responsibility;
(3) Threatening behavior or the use of violence in relation to transactions;
(4) Spreading rumors, using fraudulent means, or using force to damage the other party's credibility or interfere with the other party's business;
(5) Any other acts equivalent to those listed above.
Article 12 (Prohibitions on Users)
Users are prohibited from engaging in the following acts when using the Service:
[1] Sending or posting information while impersonating another person;
[2] Using the Service in a manner not approved by the Company;
[3] Using the Service for commercial purposes;
[4] Modifying the Service without permission;
[5] Sending or posting harmful computer programs, spam mail, chain letters, junk mail, etc.; [6] Infringing or threatening to
infringe the copyright, trademark rights, or other intellectual property rights of the Company or a third party; [7]
Defaming or libeling the Company or a third party, damaging their reputation or privacy, or threatening to do so;
[8] Publishing to others information, documents, figures, etc. that are contrary to public order and morals.
[9] Intentionally registering false information, such as your own or another person's name, address, telephone number, or email address; [
10] Harassing our company or a third party;
[11] Violating the preceding article
; [12] Intentionally sending information that is clearly deemed to be mischievous;
[13] Criminal acts or acts that are or may be linked to criminal acts;
[14] Soliciting for organizations, services, or activities that are not related to this service;
[15] Acts of fraudulently using this meal ticket (reselling, counterfeiting (including fraudulently copying the meal ticket), altering (including altering the validity period, altering the amount, and altering the member's name) of this meal ticket).
[16] Any act of using or allowing others to use the member ID or password and this service fraudulently.
[17] Any act of one user making multiple membership registration applications, or any act that may result in such acts.
[18] Any act of placing a load on the server by using fraudulent programs, scripts, etc.
[19] Any act of reproducing, transferring, storing, selling, lending, sublicensing, publishing, or duplicating or copying all or part of this service beyond the scope of personal use without our permission.
[20] Any act of reverse engineering, decompiling, disassembling, or other similar acts of this software.
[21] Any act that violates or may violate other laws, public order and morals, or these Terms and Conditions, including past and present acts.
[22] Any act of drinking alcohol by persons under the age of 20, which is prohibited by law, or any act of encouraging such drinking.
[23] Any act of driving a vehicle (meaning a vehicle or bicycle as defined in the Road Traffic Act) after drinking alcohol, or any act of encouraging such drinking.
If the Company determines that a User has violated any of the provisions of the preceding paragraph or any other provision of these Terms and Conditions, or has engaged in any other conduct that the Company deems inappropriate for the operation of the Service, the Company may, without prior notice to the User, take any measures that the Company deems appropriate (including legal action), such as temporarily suspending all or part of the Service provided by the User, deleting all or part of the User's member information or expelling the User, or filing a claim for damages.
In addition to the measures set forth in the preceding paragraph, the Company may report the matter to investigative authorities or take any other measures deemed necessary for any third party who has suffered damage due to an act that violates or is likely to violate these Terms of Use.
Even if a user suffers any disadvantage as a result of the measures set forth in the preceding two paragraphs, the user shall not raise any objection against the Company, and the Company shall not be liable, except in cases where the Company is guilty of intentional or negligent acts.
Article 13 (Deletion of registered information)
If any information is posted that violates or may violate the prohibitions in the preceding article, or if the amount of information posted exceeds a certain amount, our company may delete the information posted by the user. However, our company is not obligated to monitor or manage user information, and our company is not obligated to respond to users regarding the reasons for deleting such information.

Furthermore, we shall not be liable for any damages incurred by users as a result of the deletion of such information, except in cases where such damages are due to our willful misconduct or negligence.

Article 14 (Handling of User Information)
In order to improve the convenience of everyone who uses this Service, and to create statistical data and distribute information, we may collect access logs and, for those who have given their consent on the smartphone app, the user identification ID, Beacon ID, Beacon signal strength, time of signal detection, device name, OS, and identification ID of this Service's application (hereinafter collectively referred to as "User Information." Furthermore, information obtained from smartphones, i.e., information excluding access logs, is collectively referred to as "SP Acquired Information.") Please note that User Information does not include information that can identify individual users (such as names, email addresses, or credit card information).
If the user sets up an opt-out within the smartphone app using the method specified by our company, our company will not collect SP Acquisition Information.
We obtain SP Acquired Information through an information collection module embedded in the application of this Service provided by Blog Watcher Inc. (hereinafter referred to as the "Module Provider"). We provide SP Acquired Information to the Module Provider for the purpose of distributing information to users and analyzing the SP Acquired Information.
For information on how module providers handle SP acquisition information, please see " Handling of Acquired Information ."
Article 15 (Validity of these Terms)
Even if some of the provisions of these Terms are found to be invalid based on laws and regulations, the other provisions of these Terms shall remain valid. Furthermore, even if some of the provisions of these Terms are found to be invalid or revoked with respect to a certain user, these Terms shall remain valid with respect to other users.

Article 16 (Prohibition of Transfer of Rights and Obligations)
Users may not transfer or pledge their status as a user of the Service or any rights or obligations arising from such status to a third party, unless the Company has given prior consent.

Article 17 (Governing Law and Jurisdiction)
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of Japan, and any disputes relating to these Terms and Conditions or the Service shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Tokyo District Court as the court of first instance.

Article 18 (Use of the App)
When using the mobile and voice device applications related to this service (including upgraded applications and content provided within the applications, hereinafter referred to as "this application"), users are deemed to have agreed to these terms and conditions by clicking the download button for this application or the button linking to member services provided by our company.
When a User uses the App for a voice device, these Terms and Conditions shall apply to all actions related to the use of the App (including, but not limited to, when making reservations via a voice device).
When a user uses member-only services, the Company will deem any actions taken using the email address and password, etc., registered by the user when registering an ID as being taken by a member whose registered email address and password match those entered. In the unlikely event that such information is stolen or used fraudulently, the responsibility for such actions will lie with the member whose registered email address and password match, unless there is any intentional or negligent act on the part of the Company.
Article 18-2 (Prohibitions regarding the use of the app)
Users may not sell, rent, lease, sublicense, transfer, modify, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble all or any part of this App without permission from our company. Furthermore, downloading, installing, using, or copying this App shall be done solely for the purpose of the User's use of this App.

Article 18-3 (Our responsibility regarding the use of the App)
The Company is not obligated to provide upgraded versions of the App or to provide support for the App. However, at its discretion, the Company may provide users with information about upgraded versions of the App or product updates, or provide support services.
Even if the device, equipment, or software used by the user is not suitable for use with the app, the company shall not be obligated to change or modify the app.
The Company may, at its discretion, suspend or discontinue provision of the App to all or some Users at any time.
Supplementary Provisions:
October 27, 2006, effective
June 25, 2009, revised
February 24, 2011, revised
August 30, 2012, revised
October 1, 2012, revised
March 4, 2013, revised January 30
, 2014, revised January
29, 2015 , revised
August 23, 2017,
revised December 18, 2017,
revised March 26, 2020, revised
April 1, 2021, revised
August 25, 2022, revised April 3
, 2022, revised July
18, 2023, revised
January 17, 2025, revised
June 26, 2025 Revised
on January 29, 2026