H&R Block Terms of Use Agreement | H&R Block®
Skip to content
H&R Block Terms of Use Agreement
Privacy Notice
At H&R Block, user privacy is an important concern. We are committed to privacy and security, and to providing the best possible user experience for our users and online customers. We also strive to protect the personal and confidential information of those who use our online services and website. To view our entire Privacy Notice, click the link below. This notice may be updated periodically, so please check back frequently.
View Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
This Terms of Use Agreement (“Agreement”) is a contract between you and HRB Digital LLC (“H&R Block”, “us” or “we”), and you should carefully read this Agreement before using our website at
www.hrblock.com
(the “Website”). We are willing to provide you with access to our Website only on the condition that you accept all of the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement. By accessing or using our Website, you agree to be bound by this Agreement and all of its terms without change. If you are using our Website on behalf of a company or organization, such company or organization will also be considered a party to this Agreement.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT ACCESS THE WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES OR INFORMATION PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE.
If you are under the age of 13, you may not use this Website.
Your use of our Website is subject to the additional notices that may appear throughout the Website. If you use any of our products or services, you are subject to any applicable agreements (“Supplemental Agreements”) and any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such products or services. All such guidelines, or rules, are hereby incorporated by reference into this Agreement. Where a conflict exists between this Agreement and any of the Supplemental Agreements, the provisions of the applicable Supplemental Agreement shall govern.
Neither H&R Block nor its representatives are engaged in rendering legal services or other such advice.
We are not providing investment advice through the Website, and the material on the Website should not be regarded as an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities of H&R Block or its affiliates.
Personal and Noncommercial Use and License
We may provide users with online tax preparation products and services and tax preparation information (“services and information”) for personal, non-commercial use. We grant you access to the Website during the term of this agreement solely to receive the services and information.
Your eligibility for any of our particular products and services is subject to our final approval and acceptance.
Except as expressly provided otherwise in an applicable Supplemental Agreement, we grant you a personal, limited, revocable, non-transferable and non-exclusive license to display on your computer, print, download and use screen displayed text, audio clips, video clips and other such content that is made available to you on the Website, solely for your own non-commercial, personal purposes necessary to receive the services and information provided on the Website, provided that: (i) you do not (and do not allow any third party to) modify or create a derivative work of any such content; and (ii) you include with and display on each copy of such content the associated copyright notice. No other use is permitted. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you may not: (i) include such content in or with any product or service that you create or distribute; (ii) include such content on another Internet website; (iii) reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, rent, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes any portion of the Website, use of the Website, or access to the Website; or (iv) establish hyperlinks to any page other than the homepage of the Website or create any frame containing any portion of the Website, on any other website or text document with hyperlink capabilities. Further, you may not direct any other person to do any of the foregoing. You agree not to access the Website by any means other than through a commercially available web browser. You will not access or attempt to access password protected, secure or non-public areas of the website without our prior written permission. You will comply with all privacy laws.
User Responsibilities
In order to use the Website, you must obtain access to the Internet and pay any service fees associated with such access. System availability and access to the services and information available on the Website may be limited or unavailable for reasons which may include, without limitation, system performance, telecommunications failure, hardware failure or software failure. You are responsible for your use of your Internet browser, the Website, and the services and information provided on the Website. We are not responsible for deletion of data, timeliness of services, or the failure to store any of your data or personalization settings.
Intellectual Property
All content on the Website, including but not limited to, text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, trade names, trademarks, service marks, trade dress, digital downloads, data compilations, software, and the compilation of any of the foregoing, is our property the property of our licensors and is protected by United States and international patent, copyright, and trademark laws. The display and availability of the content on the Website does not convey or create any license or other rights in the content. Any unauthorized copying, reverse engineering, redistribution, reproduction, publication or modification of Website content by any person without our prior written authorization is strictly prohibited, may be a violation of federal or common law, trademark, patent and copyright laws and may subject such a violator to legal action. The use of content from the Website on any other website or networked computer environment is similarly prohibited. Requests for permission to reproduce or distribute materials found on the Website can be made by contacting us in writing. You are also strictly prohibited from creating works or materials that derive from or are based on the Website content or other materials contained in the Website including, without limitation, fonts, icons, link buttons, wallpaper, desktop themes and unlicensed merchandise. This prohibition applies regardless of whether the derivative materials are sold, bartered or given away.
Your Account
There may be portions of the Website that require you to create a user account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account, or any other breach of security of which you are aware, and to ensure that you properly close out of your account at the end of each session. We may, in our sole discretion, terminate your password, account (or any part thereof) or use of the Website at any time and for any or no reason. H&R Block will not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your access to the Website. If your status as a user of this Website is terminated, you will (i) stop using the Website and any information obtained from the Website, and (ii) destroy all copies of your account information, password and any information obtained from this Website.
You agree that any information you provide to us through the Website will be accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete as of the date the information was provided, or we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we have the right, without limitation, to suspend or terminate any of your accounts and to refuse any and all current or future use of the Website (or any portion thereof) and the services and information provided on the Website.
SMS Terms
You can receive different types of text messages from us, including refund status and promotional offers. If you agree to receive text messages from us, you agree to and understand the following:
Your wireless service carrier’s standard text message and data rates may apply.
You agree that we may communicate with you by automated SMS, MMS, text message or other electronic means to your mobile device.
Message frequency varies.
In the event you change or deactivate your mobile telephone number, you agree to promptly update your account information.
We may send you a message to confirm your choice to receive text messages.
You can cancel text messaging at any time by replying “STOP” to the most recent text message you received.
If you have agreed to receive multiple types of text messages, you will need to cancel each message type separately.
We will send you a text message to confirm you have been unsubscribed.
Reply “HELP” for instructions and how to unsubscribe.
This may not be available for some message types.
Confidential Information
You agree that you will not disclose our Confidential Information to any person or entity, other than as necessary to use the services and information provided on the Website. You will not use or permit the use of any Confidential Information except as necessary in connection with the services and information. You shall use at least the same degree of care in safeguarding the Confidential Information as you use in safeguarding your own confidential information, but in no event shall you use less than due diligence and care. “Confidential Information” means all information or material which: (i) is obtained from password protected portions of the Website or (ii) (A) is marked “Confidential,” “Restricted,” or other similar marking, (B) is known by the parties to be considered confidential, or (C) is or should be known or understood to be confidential or proprietary by an individual exercising reasonable judgment.
No Unlawful or Prohibited Use
If you are under the age of 13, you may not use this Website.
As a condition of your use of this Website, you warrant to H&R Block that you will not use this Website for any purpose that is against the law or prohibited by these terms. If you violate any of these terms, your permission to use this Website automatically ends.
You may not without our prior written permission, use any computer code, data mining software, “robot,” “bot,” “spider,” “scraper” or other automatic device, or program, algorithm or methodology having similar processes or functionality, or any manual process, to monitor or copy any of the web pages, data or content found on this Website or accessed through this Website. You may not republish H&R Block content or other content from this Website on another website or use in-line or other linking to display such content without our permission. You may not introduce viruses, spyware or other malicious code to this Website. You represent and warrant that you use frequently updated, commercially standard virus protection software to ensure that the system you use to access our Website is virus-free.
Links to Third Party Sites
This Website may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by parties other than H&R Block or its affiliates. Such hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. We do not control such websites and are not responsible for their content. If we post hyperlinks to other websites, this does not mean that we endorse the material on such websites or associate ourselves with their operators. Your access to and use of such websites, including information, material, products and services on such websites, is solely at your own risk. Furthermore, because our privacy policy is applicable only when you are on our Website, once linked to another website, you should read that site’s privacy policy before disclosing any personal information. Where we are offering our own content on or through third party sites (whether by linking, framing or otherwise), your use or display of that content shall be subject to this Agreement unless a specific Supplemental Agreement is applicable to the use or display of that content.
Transactions with Third Parties
Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers or third parties found on or throughout the Website, including without limitation with respect to the payment and delivery of related products or services and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such third parties and are not binding on us.
Links to Our Website
We grant you a personal, limited, revocable, nontransferable and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the homepage of the Website so long as (i) the link or your linking website does not portray us or any of our services or information in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter; (ii) your linking website complies with all applicable laws and does not otherwise violate this Agreement or the rights of others; and (iii) your website has, maintains and follows a privacy policy no less protective of user data than H&R Block’s Privacy Policy. You may not use any of our logos or other proprietary graphic or trademarks as part of the link without our express written permission. We may revoke this license at any time, with or without cause, in which case you agree to immediately remove such hyperlink. You may not link to any page other than the homepage of this Website. Any link to our Website should be a full forward link that passes the client browser to our homepage without barriers. The “back” button should return the visitor to the original site if the visitor wishes to back out.
User Content/Email Discussion Lists, Interactive Areas
We may offer you the opportunity to contribute your ideas, comments, questions, feedback and other communications to or from the Website (collectively, the “User Content”) in other blogs, message boards, chat rooms, email and other features of the Website (“User Areas”) that may be offered from time to time and may be operated by us or by a third party on our behalf. You shall not (nor cause any third party to) use the Website or information provided through the Website to perform any illegal activities (including without limitation defaming, abusing, harassing, stalking, threatening or otherwise violating the legal rights, such as rights of privacy, of others) or immoral activities or any of the following types of activities, without limitation:
Disseminating libelous, harmful, vulgar, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable material
Containing nudity, violence of offensive subject matter, or are deemed exploitive in any way
Promoting racism, prejudice, bigotry, hatred, harassment or physical harm of any kind against any individual, group or individual
Promoting illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libelous; or promote any criminal activity or enterprise or provide instructional information about illegal activities, such as making or buying illegal weapons or violating someone’s privacy
Using any computer code, data mining software, “robot,” “bot,” “spider,” “scraper” or other automatic device, or program, algorithm or methodology having similar processes or functionality, or any manual process, to monitor or copy any of the Web pages, data or content found on the Website or accessed through the Website
Transmitting information that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party
Transmitting any material that contains software viruses, trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, or any other computer code, files, or programs which may interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment
Impersonating anyone or any entity, or falsely stating or otherwise misrepresenting your affiliation with a person or entity
Advertising or posting any commercial content
Interfering with or disrupting the Website
Disrupting the activities or enjoyment of the Website for other users
Collecting or storing personal data about other users
Further, you agree that all User Content you provide will be on-topic, relevant and will not include profanity or any other disruptive or disrespectful behavior. The User Areas are not the appropriate channel to express individual concerns or specific customer support issues. Such concerns and issues should be addressed to the online customer support pages of the Website. You agree to evaluate and assume all risks associated with the use of User Content, including without limitation any risk relating to any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of User Content. We assume no responsibility for User Content or for the use of any User Area. You agree to abide by all applicable local, state and federal laws and regulations and are solely responsible for all acts or omissions that occur under your account or password, including without limitation any User Content you create or upload.
You acknowledge that User Content is not endorsed by H&R Block and such user content should not be considered to have been reviewed, screened or approved by H&R Block. You should exercise discretion before relying on information contained in user content.
We may, in our sole discretion, remove any User Content from a User Area at any time and for any or no reason. H&R Block will not be liable to you or any third party for any deletion of any User Content on the Website.
You acknowledge that we may preserve and disclose User Content if required to do so by law or we believe in good faith that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, enforce this Agreement, respond to a claim that User Content violates any third party’s rights, or protect the right, property or personal safety of H&R Block, any users of the Website, and the public.
You also acknowledge that the technical processing and transmission of the Website, including without limitation User Content, may involve transmissions over various networks and changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
Changes to Website
We may make improvements or changes in the information, services, products, and other materials on this Website or terminate this Website at any time for any or no reason and without notice.
Artificial Intelligence and Automated Features
We may use artificial intelligence and similar technologies to support, enhance, or personalize your experience on the Website and our services. These technologies are continuously developing and may not always operate as intended.
When you use the Website, you may interact with automated tools or features, including digital assistants, chatbots, agents, avatars, or other conversational or interactive experiences that rely on artificial intelligence or similar technologies (collectively, “Automated Systems”). Information or responses generated by Automated Systems may be automated, may not be unique, and may be incomplete, inaccurate, or inappropriate for your specific circumstances.
Any information, content, or data you submit to or through Automated Systems may be used to generate responses, personalize interactions, and improve our services, platforms, and related technologies. Certain Automated Systems may be able to perform actions or initiate processes on your behalf. You are responsible for reviewing their functionality, outputs, and any permissions you grant. Additional permissions or authorizations may be required for Automated Systems to operate as intended.
Automated Systems are provided for informational or convenience purposes only and do not constitute professional, legal, financial, or tax advice. You remain solely responsible for verifying any information generated, for decisions you make, and for any actions or omissions resulting from your use of or reliance on Automated Systems. We make no representations or warranties regarding the accuracy, completeness, or suitability of any output generated by artificial intelligence–powered features, and we disclaim any liability arising from your use of such features to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement
If you believe that any material contained on the Website infringes your copyright or other intellectual property rights, you should notify H&R Block of your copyright infringement claim in accordance with the following procedure. H&R Block will process notices of alleged infringement which it receives and will take appropriate action as required by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and other applicable intellectual property laws.
Pursuant to the DMCA, all notifications of claimed copyright infringement on the Website should be sent ONLY to our Designated Agent:
Name of Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement:
Corporate Counsel-Copyright
H&R Block Law Department
12th Floor
One H&R Block Way
Kansas City, MO 64105
copyrightinfringement@hrblock.com
Under the DMCA, the notification of claimed infringement must include the following:
An electronic or physical signature of the owner or of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest
Identification of the copyrighted work (or works) that you claim has been infringed
A description of the material that you claim is infringing, and the location where the original or an authorized copy of the copyrighted work exists (for example, the URL of the page of the website where it is lawfully posted; the name, edition and pages of a book from which an excerpt was copied, etc.)
A clear description of where the infringing material is located on our Website, including as applicable its URL, so that we can locate the material
Your name, address, telephone number, and email address
A statement that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf
NOTE: THE DESIGNATED AGENT IS PROVIDED SOLELY FOR NOTIFYING US THAT YOUR COPYRIGHTED MATERIAL MAY HAVE BEEN INFRINGED. DO NOT SEND ANY INQUIRIES UNRELATED TO COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT (e.g., REQUESTS FOR TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE OR CUSTOMER SERVICE, REPORTS OF EMAIL ABUSE, etc.) TO THE DESIGNATED AGENT AS YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE A RESPONSE. WE CAUTION YOU THAT UNDER FEDERAL LAW, IF YOU KNOWINGLY MISREPRESENT THAT ONLINE MATERIAL IS INFRINGING, YOU MAY BE SUBJECT TO HEAVY CIVIL PENALTIES. THESE INCLUDE MONETARY DAMAGES, COURT COSTS, AND ATTORNEY’S FEES INCURRED BY US, BY ANY COPYRIGHT OWNER, OR BY ANY COPYRIGHT OWNER’S LICENSEE THAT IS INJURED AS A RESULT OF OUR RELYING UPON YOUR MISREPRESENTATION. YOU MAY ALSO BE SUBJECT TO CRIMINAL PROSECUTION FOR PERJURY.
We will, in appropriate circumstances, terminate repeat infringers. If you believe that an account holder or subscriber is a repeat infringer, please follow the instructions above to contact H&R Block and provide information sufficient for us to verify that the account holder or subscriber is a repeat infringer.
Miscellaneous
Governing Law.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Missouri, without regard to conflicts of law provisions. Any legal action or proceeding between H&R Block and you related to this Agreement will be brought exclusively in a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction sitting in the State of Missouri, County of Jackson.
Entire Agreement.
This Agreement, along with any Supplemental Agreements, is the entire and exclusive agreement between the parties, and it supersedes all previous communications, representations or agreements, either oral or written, between them with respect to this subject matter. No representations or statements of any kind made by us, which are not included in this Agreement, shall be binding on us.
Amendments.
You may not modify or amend this Agreement in whole or in part without the prior written consent of one of our authorized representatives. We may replace or amend this Agreement from time to time by posting new terms of service to this Website. Please check the Terms of Use periodically for changes. Your subsequent use of the Website, or any content, products, services or materials provided through the Website, will be subject in all respects to the terms of service in force at the time of such subsequent use.
Waiver.
No waiver of any provision herein shall be valid unless in writing and signed by both our authorized representative and you. Our failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of this Agreement or any right shall not be construed as a waiver of any such provision or right.
Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement is deemed to be illegal or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement shall be unaffected and shall continue to be fully valid, binding, and enforceable.
Headings.
The headings contained herein are for convenience only and shall have no legal or interpretive effect.
Other.
We may assign our rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
0
Spruce Cash Back Rewards:
Spruce Rewards currently not available.
1
Spruce Early Paycheck:
Early access depends on when payment is submitted. Funds are generally made available when payment instruction is received, which may be earlier than scheduled payment date.
2
Spruce Savings APY:
The Annual Percentage Yield (APY) is accurate as of 03/04/2026. This rate is variable and can change without notice. Spruce Savings Accounts opened prior to July 17, 2025 may be required to opt in through the Spruce app or at sprucemoney.com to start earning interest.
4
Spruce Tax Time Refer a Friend:
Offer from Spruce. To qualify for the 2026 Tax Time Refer a Friend Referral Campaign reward, eligible Spruce customers must refer eligible friends who complete the following: 1) referred person opens new Spruce Accounts between Feb. 1, 2026 and March 31, 2026 using a valid and unexpired referral link; and 2) within 45 days of account signup referred person receives $200 in qualifying direct deposits and activates their physical Spruce debit card. Qualifying direct deposits are only ACH credits from an employer or government benefits (but not tax refunds). Not available for residents of Washington state. The $50 reward amount will be deposited into your Spruce Spending Account within 7 business days after all requirements are completed. May be modified or discontinued at any time. Referrers acknowledge that by referring a friend through the 2026 Tax Time Refer a Friend Referral Campaign, they are releasing non-public information, and referred people acknowledge that signing up for Spruce Accounts using a referral link will result in sharing information with the referrer, including knowledge the referred person opened Spruce Accounts. Other limitations and terms apply. For full details, see the Spruce Referral Bonus and Incentive Terms available in the referral dashboard or on the landing page after clicking on a valid referral link.
5
#1 Tax Preparer:
Based on assisted returns prepared in 2024.
6
Expert help:
Comparison based on regular price for standard paid DIY products on TurboTax.com as of 4/1/25. TurboTax is a registered trademark of Intuit, Inc.
7
Bookkeeping Savings:
Comparison based on national average of accountant hourly fees in 2020 for “QuickBooks or bookkeeping advisory services” ($109) compared to our full-service bookkeeping hourly rate ($50). Data based on a 2020 survey conducted by the National Society of Accountants. Prices may vary.
16
Send A Friend:
You’ll receive up to a $20 reward for each new client you refer that completes a 2025 tax return with H&R Block or Block Advisors or purchase a 12-month bookkeeping service and a $10 reward for each new client you refer that completes a tax return with H&R Block Online, for a maximum of $300. A new client is someone who did not use H&R Block or Block Advisors to prepare their 2024 tax return or utilize H&R Block or Block Advisors’ bookkeeping services within the past year. The reward will be delivered for each new client after they prepare and pay for their tax return or purchase a 12-month bookkeeping service with H&R Block or Block Advisors. Rewards will be provided on virtual cards and are only available to individuals who provide a valid email address.
17
Bookkeeping Discount:
Valid at participating U.S. offices for $150 off for full-service bookkeeping for new clients only. Valid 12-month engagement letter required. After the application of the discount in this offer, you will be charged monthly at the amount in the engagement letter. Discount may not be combined with any other offer or promotion. Void if transferred and where prohibited. Coupon must be presented prior to start of bookkeeping services. A new client is an individual who has not used H&R Block or Block Advisors for bookkeeping services. No cash value. H&R Block employees are excluded. Expires Dec. 31, 2026. ©2026 HRB Tax Group, Inc.
20
Spruce Early Refund:
Does not change IRS refund processing speed. Claim is based on making federal refunds available when payment instruction is received, which may be earlier than scheduled payment date. Depends on timing of the IRS’s payment file. Available only for federal refunds. May be changed or discontinued at any time.
21
More Forms for Free:
H&R Block Free Online accepts more forms for free than the TurboTax Free Edition. Learn more about H&R Block Free Online
available forms
.
22
H&R Block Free Online:
H&R Block Free Online is for simple returns only. Not everyone qualifies. All tax situations are different. Additional fees may apply.
23
Bookkeeping Guarantee:
If H&R Block makes an error in your bookkeeping that requires a reopening of your books for any month, we will correct the error for the month the error occurred at no additional charge. Limitations apply. See
blockadvisors.com/guarantees
for complete details.
24
In order to file your state return, you first need to purchase and install the corresponding federal edition.
25
Income Tax Course:
Enrollment in, or completion of, the H&R Block Income Tax Course or Tax Knowledge Assessment is neither an offer nor a guarantee of employment. Additional qualifications may be required. Enrollment restrictions apply. There is no tuition fee for the H&R Block Income Tax Course; however, you may be required to purchase course materials, which may be non-refundable. State restrictions may apply. The Income Tax Course consists of 63 hours of instruction at the federal level, 70 hours of instruction in Maryland, 81 hours of instruction in California, and 81 hours of instruction in Oregon. Additional time commitments outside of class, including homework, will vary by student. Additional training or testing may be required in CA, OR, and other states. Valid at participating locations only. Void where prohibited. This course is not open to any persons who are currently employed by or seeking employment with any professional tax preparation company or organization other than H&R Block. During the Income Tax Course, should H&R Block learn of any student’s employment or intended employment with a competing professional tax preparation company, H&R Block reserves the right to immediately cancel the student’s enrollment. The student will be required to return all course materials. CTEC# 1040-QE-2773 ©2023 HRB Tax Group, Inc.
Program rules:
Limit of 5 paid referrals per Experienced Tax Pros and First Year Tax Pros and 4 paid referrals for Receptionists. All referrals must be submitted between 4/1/2024 – 3/31/2025. Tax Pro referrals must be submitted prior to a candidate’s enrollment in the Income Tax Course (ITC) or starting the Tax Knowledge Assessment (TKA) and the candidate must successfully pass the appropriate course/test with a minimum grade (70% for ITC and 80% for TKA). Receptionist referrals must be submitted prior to hire date. Referred candidates must become active by March 31, 2025 in order for the referral to be paid. Rewards will be paid May 2025.
26
Entity Formation Tax Savings ($40k Profit):
Potential savings based on estimated self-employment tax savings of sole proprietor (Schedule C) users with over $40,000 in profit in 2023 by taking an S Corp election and filing in 2024, net of salary payments and payroll taxes. Election must generally be made by the due date of the return for the year prior to the year the S Corp election is to take place. Savings requires payment of a reasonable salary. Other requirements apply, and additional fees like tax preparation and payroll services are not included. Overall tax savings will vary based on your circumstances. All tax situations are different. Taxes are only one consideration in determining whether to form a business. You may want to seek the advice of an attorney to evaluate all of the relevant considerations. Block Advisors Business Formation Products and Services provide automated online tools that you can use to help meet your business formation needs and are not tailored to your particular situation.
See our FAQs for more information
.
27
Enrolled Agent:
Enrolled Agents do not provide legal representation; signed Power of Attorney required. Audit services constitute tax advice only. Consult an attorney for legal advice. Void where prohibited.
28
5 Million+ Switchers:
Total number of new customers using assisted or DIY tax solutions regardless of other prior tax preparer or method.
31
Block Advisors Small Business Certified:
Our small business tax professional certification is awarded by Block Advisors, a part of H&R Block, based upon successful completion of proprietary training. Our Block Advisors small business services are available at participating Block Advisors and H&R Block offices nationwide.
32
Send A Friend Expat:
You’ll receive a $50 discount for each new client you refer that completes a 2023 tax return with H&R Block Expat Tax Services. A new client is someone who did not use H&R Block Expat Tax Services within the past 2 years. The discount will be applied for each new client after they prepare and pay for their tax return with H&R Block Expat Tax Services. Discounts will be applied to your next tax return prepared by H&R Block Expat Tax Services.
34
Entity Formation Tax Savings ($50k Profit):
Example savings based on average estimated tax savings of sole proprietor (Schedule C) with $50,000 in profit in 2022 compared to a similar S Corp election paying a reasonable salary of $25,000. Savings are net of salary payments and payroll taxes. Additional fees like tax preparation and payroll services are not included. Individual tax savings will vary based on your circumstances. All tax situations are different.
35
Entity Creation:
We do not provide legal advice. The choice of entity for a small business is an important decision, and taxes and other financial considerations are only some of many factors to consider. The information on this site is not intended to be legal advice or specific to any situation. We recommend that you seek the advice of an attorney about the implications of entity selection.
36
Business Tax Audit Support:
See Terms and Conditions for details. H&R Block does not provide legal representation. Business tax audit support does not include reimbursement of any taxes, penalties, or interest imposed by tax authorities.
37
30% Savings:
Up to 30% savings reflects average savings compared to a typical accountant or CPA based on national average fees for Federal Form 1040 plus Schedule C and one state filing in latest available 2020 survey conducted by the National Society of Accountants. All tax situations are different. Pricing will vary based on individual circumstances.
38
50% Savings:
Up to 50% savings reflects average savings compared to a typical accountant or CPA based on national average fees for Federal Form 1065, 1120, and 1120S in latest available 2020 survey conducted by the National Society of Accountants. All tax situations are different. Pricing will vary based on individual circumstances.
40
Free Online vs TurboTax:
Qualification for free filing with H&R Block Free Online and TurboTax Free Edition is based on specific criteria. Eligibility requirements may vary. TurboTax is a registered trademark of Intuit, Inc.
87
ITIN Services:
H&R Block does not provide immigration services. An ITIN is an identification number issued by the U.S. government for tax reporting only. Having an ITIN does not change your immigration status. You are required to meet government requirements to receive your ITIN. Additional fees and restrictions may apply.
88
ITIN Number:
Available only at participating H&R Block offices. CAA service not available at all locations. H&R Block does not provide immigration services. An ITIN is an identification number issued by the U.S. government for tax reporting only. Having an ITIN does not change your immigration status. You are required to meet government requirements to receive your ITIN. Additional fees and restrictions may apply.
89
ITIN Dependents:
For tax years beginning after 2017, applicants claimed as dependents must also prove U.S. residency unless the applicant is a dependent of U.S. military personnel stationed overseas. A passport that doesn’t have a date of entry won’t be accepted as a stand-alone identification document for dependents.
90
ITIN Documents:
Supporting Identification Documents must be original or copies certified by the issuing agency. Original supporting documentation for dependents must be included in the application.
109
Refund Advance loan:
This is an optional tax refund-related loan from Pathward®, N.A.; it is not your tax refund. Loans are offered in amounts of $250, $500, $750, $1,250, $2,500, or $4,000. Approval and loan amount based on expected refund amount, eligibility criteria, and underwriting. If approved, funds will be disbursed as directed to a prepaid card or checking account at Pathward. The loan amount will be deducted from your tax refund, and any remaining balance will be sent to you. Tax returns may be e-filed without applying for this loan. Fees for other optional products or product features may apply. Limited time offer at participating locations. Not available in H&R Block Online or Tax Software. H&R Block Maine License No. 2649367. OBTP#13696-BR.
110
Emerald Card FDIC:
Funds in your Emerald Card Account are insured by the FDIC on a pass-through basis, subject to applicable limitations, restrictions, and requirements for such FDIC pass-through insurance. FDIC insurance only protects when an FDIC-insured institution fails. H&R Block is not a bank or an FDIC-insured institution, but Pathward® N.A. is an FDIC-insured depository institution.
113
Emerald Card Direct Deposit:
Payroll, unemployment, government benefits and other direct deposit funds are available on effective date of settlement with provider. Please check with your employer or benefits provider as they may not offer direct deposit or partial direct deposit. Faster access to funds is based on comparison of traditional banking policies for check deposits versus electronic direct deposit.
115
Emerald Advance Loan:
H&R Block Emerald Advance® Loan originated by Pathward®, N.A., Member FDIC. Subject to eligibility and credit approval. Annual Percentage Rate (APR) is 35.9%. Loan amounts vary from $350-$1,300. If approved, loan proceeds will be disbursed as directed to prepaid card or checking account at Pathward®. Additional terms and conditions apply, see account agreements for details. Offered for a limited time at participating locations.
117
Emerald Card ATM:
When you use an ATM, in addition to the fee charged by the bank, you may be charged an additional fee by the ATM operator. See your
Cardholder Agreement
for details on all ATM fees.
118
Emerald Card Retail Reload:
Emerald Card Retail Reload Providers may charge a convenience fee. Any Retail Reload Fee is an independent fee assessed by the individual retailer only and is not assessed by H&R Block or Pathward.
119
Refund Transfer:
A Refund Transfer Account is an optional tax refund-related product provided by Pathward®, N.A., Member FDIC. $42 fee applies. This is a bank deposit product, not a loan. You can file your return and receive your refund without purchasing a Refund Transfer. Payments you authorize from your account will be deducted from your refund, and any remaining balance will be sent to you. Qualifying expected tax refund and e-filing required. Other restrictions apply; see terms and conditions for details. H&R Block Maine License Number: 2649367. OBTP#13696-BR.
120
Emerald Card Mobile Update Fee:
Neither H&R Block nor Pathward® charges a fee for Emerald Card mobile updates; however, standard text messaging and data rates may apply.
121
Emerald Card Mastercard Zero Liability:
US Mastercard Zero Liability does not apply to commercial accounts (except for small business card programs). Conditions and exceptions apply — see your
Cardholder Agreement
for details about reporting lost or stolen cards and liability for unauthorized transactions.
124
Emerald Card Check to Card:
The Check-to-Card service is provided by Sunrise Banks, N.A. and Ingo Money, Inc., subject to the Sunrise Banks and Ingo Money Service
Terms and Conditions
, the Ingo Money
Privacy Policy
, and the Sunrise Banks, N.A.
Privacy Policy
. Approval review usually takes 3 to 5 minutes but can take up to one hour. All checks are subject to approval for funding in Ingo Money’s sole discretion. Fees apply for approved Money in Minutes transactions funded to your card or account. Unapproved checks will not be funded to your card or account. Ingo Money reserves the right to recover losses resulting from illegal or fraudulent use of the Ingo Money Service. Your wireless carrier may charge a fee for data usage. Additional transaction fees, costs, terms and conditions may be associated with the funding and use of your card or account. See your
Cardholder or Account Agreement
for details.
131
Emerald Card Linked Account Transfer:
Transferring funds from another bank account to your Emerald Card may not be available to all cardholders and other terms and conditions apply. There are limits on the total amount you can transfer and how often you can request transfers. Pathward does not charge a fee for this service; please see your bank for details on its fees.
160
Income Tax Course:
Enrollment in, or completion of, the H&R Block Income Tax Course or Tax Knowledge Assessment is neither an offer nor a guarantee of employment. Additional qualifications may be required. Enrollment restrictions apply. There is no tuition fee for the H&R Block Income Tax Course; however, you may be required to purchase course materials, which may be non-refundable. State restrictions may apply. The Income Tax Course consists of 40 hours of instruction at the federal level, 70 hours of instruction in California, and 81 hours of instruction in Oregon. Additional time commitments outside of class, including homework, will vary by student. Additional training or testing may be required in CA, OR, and other states. Valid at participating locations only. Void where prohibited. This course is not open to any persons who are currently employed by or seeking employment with any professional tax preparation company or organization other than H&R Block. During the Income Tax Course, should H&R Block learn of any student’s employment or intended employment with a competing professional tax preparation company, H&R Block reserves the right to immediately cancel the student’s enrollment. The student will be required to return all course materials. CTEC# 1040-QE-02941 © 2026 HRB Tax Group, Inc.
H&R Block has been approved by the California Tax Education Council to offer The H&R Block Income Tax Course, CTEC# 1040-QE-02941, which fulfills the 60-hour “qualifying education” requirement imposed by the State of California to become a tax preparer. A listing of additional requirements to register as a tax preparer may be obtained by contacting CTEC at P.O. Box 2890, Sacramento, CA 95812-2890; or at
www.ctec.org
.
161
Price Match Offer:
Switch to H&R Block (“HRB”) and we will match the price you paid your credentialed tax preparer or Qualified Competitor up to 50% off HRB’s price to prepare your 2024 personal income tax return (the “Offer”). Offer is valid for new in-person HRB and Block Advisors clients only. Offer Period: January 6, 2025 – February 28, 2025. Offer only applies to personal income tax return for 2024 taxes filed in calendar year 2025. Customer eligibility will be at the sole discretion of the HRB tax professional. Customer must provide an eligible receipt, at the time of tax preparation, for 2023 federal and state preparation by a credentialed tax preparer or Qualified Competitor and excludes do it yourself tax preparation services (“Eligible Receipt”). Qualified Competitors include but are not limited to TurboTax, Liberty Tax, or Jackson Hewitt. The Eligible Receipt must be a valid receipt as determined by HRB. Excludes H&R Block Online, Tax Pro Review, and H&R Block Small Business services and entity returns. A new client is an individual who did not use Block Advisors or H&R Block office services to prepare their 2023 return. Discount is not available in combination with any other offers or promotions. No discount will reduce the price of services below $99. HRB reserves the right to modify or terminate this offer at any time for any reason in its sole discretion. Valid only at participating locations. Offer is available only to legal US residents. OBTP#B13696-BR. ©2025 HRB Tax Group, Inc.
162
TurboTax is a registered trademark of Intuit, Inc.
163
Price Estimate:
We will notify you if there is a change in your tax situation that requires a price adjustment.
164
Bookkeeping and Payroll Partnership Offer:
First month free offer valid for virtual Premium or Full-Service bookkeeping and/or Premium or Plus payroll services, up to $309 for bookkeeping and $150 for payroll services, excluding one-time set up fees. Following the first month, you will be charged then-current monthly rates, minus a 10% discount, until you cancel the discounted service(s) or terminate your client service agreement. Cancel or terminate before the end of your first month to avoid recurring charges. We reserve the right to change the standard monthly rates at any time. Offer is valid for new clients only. A new client is an individual or business who has not used Block Advisors for bookkeeping and/or payroll services. You must mention this offer during the free consultation to take advantage of it. Discount may not be combined with any other offer or promotion. Void if transferred and where prohibited. No cash value. © 2026 HRB Tax Group Inc.
165
Payroll Partnership Offer:
First month offer valid for Premium or Plus payroll services, up to $150, excluding one-time set up fees. Following the first month, you will be charged then-current monthly rates, minus a 10% discount, until you cancel or terminate. Offer is valid for new clients only. A new client is an individual or business who has not used Block Advisors for payroll services. You must mention this offer during the free consultation to take advantage of it. Discount may not be combined with any other offer or promotion. Void if transferred and where prohibited. No cash value. © 2026 HRB Tax Group Inc.
166
Bookkeeping Partnership Offer:
First month offer valid for virtual Premium or Full-Service bookkeeping services, up to $309, excluding one-time set up fees. Following the first month, you will be charged then-current monthly rates, minus a 10% discount, until you cancel or terminate. Offer is valid for new clients only. A new client is an individual or business who has not used Block Advisors for payroll services. You must mention this offer during the free consultation to take advantage of it. Discount may not be combined with any other offer or promotion. Void if transferred and where prohibited. No cash value. © 2026 HRB Tax Group Inc.
167
Assisted Tax Prep Discount:
Discount valid at participating Block Advisors or H&R Block U.S. offices for an original 2025 income tax return for new clients only, and may not be combined with any other offer or promotion. Coupon must be presented prior to the completion of initial tax office interview. A new client is an individual or business who did not use Block Advisors or H&R Block to prepare their income tax return within a year from the date of the 2025 income tax return preparation. Void if transferred and where prohibited. No cash value. OBTP#B13696-BR ©2025 HRB Tax Group, Inc.
168
DIY Discount:
Valid for H&R Block Online at hrblock.com for an original 2025 personal federal income tax return for new clients only. Discount may not be combined with any other offer or promotion. H&R Block Online must be accessed from the included link, and discount will be applied automatically at checkout. A new client is an individual or business who did not use Block Advisors or H&R Block to prepare their income tax return within a year from the date of the 2025 income tax return preparation. Void if transferred and where prohibited. Exclusions may apply. No cash value. OBTP#B13696-BR ©2025 HRB Tax Group, Inc.
169
Tax Bundle Offer:
Lock in your fee for your 2025 or any prior year federal and state return(s) and get 50% off either (1) a one return Tax Bundle for a 1040 virtual return or (2) a two return Tax Bundle for a 1040 virtual return and an entity virtual return, plus Peace of Mind for 1040s, Business Tax Audit Support for entities, three Year-Round Tax Planning sessions, and unlimited virtual tax support, valued at $499 and $899 respectively. To redeem this offer, you must schedule your Free Consultation between October 6 and October 12, 2025 and purchase a Tax Bundle by October 31, 2025. Discount may not be combined with any other offer or promotion. Void if transferred and where prohibited. No cash value. OBTP#B13696-BR © 2025 HRB Tax Group Inc.
170
Bookkeeping and Payroll Offer Combined:
First three months free offer valid for virtual Premium or Full-Service bookkeeping and/or Premium or Plus payroll services, up to $525 for bookkeeping and $450 for payroll services, excluding one-time set up fees. Following the first month, you will be charged then-current monthly rates, minus a 10% discount, until you cancel the discounted service(s) or terminate your client service agreement. Cancel or terminate before the end of your first month to avoid recurring charges. To redeem this offer, you must schedule your Free Consultation between October 6 and October 12, 2025 and purchase Premium or Full-Service bookkeeping and/or Premium or Plus payroll services by October 31, 2025. We reserve the right to change the standard monthly rates at any time. Discount may not be combined with any other offer or promotion. Void if transferred and where prohibited. No cash value. © 2025 HRB Tax Group Inc.
171
Mastercard:
This offer is made by Block Advisors by H&R Block and not by Mastercard. Mastercard makes no offer, and disclaims all warranties and liability in relation to Block Advisors by H&R Block offer.
172
Free Tax Pro Review promotion:
The Free Tax Pro Review promotion (“Promotion”) is valid from January 1, 2026 through February 28, 2026 (the “Promotional Period”) and is available exclusively to new H&R Block DIY Online clients using Plus, Deluxe, Premium, Self-Employed and Small Business products. For purposes of this Promotion, a “new client” is defined as an individual who did not use H&R Block DIY Online to prepare and file a federal tax return for tax year 2024. To be eligible for the Promotion, you must complete a qualifying DIY Online tax return transaction, including submission for Tax Pro Review, on or before February 28, 2026. The Promotion is limited to one Free Tax Pro Review per eligible client and is non-transferable. H&R Block reserves the right to modify or terminate the Promotion at any time without prior notice. Additional terms, conditions, and restrictions may apply. Void where prohibited.
173
Based on a review of turbotax.intuit.com on 1/22/26. TurboTax is a registered trademark of Intuit, Inc.
174
Based on a review of turbotax.intuit.com on 1/22/26. TurboTax is a registered trademark of Intuit, Inc. Free Tax Pro Review is valid through February 15, 2026 and is available exclusively to new H&R Block DIY Online clients using Plus, Deluxe, Premium, Self-Employed and Small Business products. For additional terms, conditions, and restrictions visit HRBlock.com/taxproreview.
175
Based on a review of turbotax.intuit.com on 1/22/26. TurboTax is a registered trademark of Intuit, Inc. Results vary. All tax situations are different. Fees apply if you have us file an amended return.
2026
Get Free Amendments with your Second Look Review!
Now through April 15, 2026, switch to H&R Block and we’ll give you a free Second Look of your last 3 tax returns and amend any mistakes for free.
Eligibility: Available January 8 – April 15, 2026, for Second Look customers at participating H&R Block offices and online. Must complete a Second Look review with H&R Block Online while residing in an eligible ZIP code or at an H&R Block office
located in an eligible zip code
. If a qualifying error is found on a prior-year return, you’ll receive one free amendment. A ‘qualifying error’ includes miscalculations of tax credits, deductions, filing status, or other omissions that result in a revised tax liability.
Need support?
Customer help
Find an office
Search
Tax Services
Reschedule or manage appointment
Online tax filing
File with a tax pro
Free online tax filing
Tax software
Second Look Review
Peace of Mind
Tax Identity Shield
Audit & Tax Notice Support
Expat tax services
expat tax services
Small Business Services
Block Advisors
Opens a new window.
Small business taxes
Small business bookkeeping
Small business payroll
Business formation services
Wave Financial
Opens a new window.
Tax Tools
MyBlock
Mobile apps
Tax calculator
Tax prep checklist
Appointment Prep Guide
Refund & payment options
Tax payment center
Where’s my refund?
W-4 calculator
Legal
Terms
Privacy notice
Manage Cookie Settings
Pathward privacy notice
Financial Services
Spruce
Emerald Card
Refund Transfer
Emerald Advance Loan
Refund Advance
Resources
Customer help & support
customer help and support
Tax questions
Office locations
office location list
International locations
international locations
Sitemap
site map
About H&R Block
About us
Make Every Block Better
Careers
Opens a new window.
Buy or sell an office
Income tax course
News Center
Investor relations
Opens a new window.
The Tax Institute
Opens a new window.
Guarantees
Copyright © 2025-2026 HRB Digital LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Bank products and services are offered by Pathward®, N.A.
All deposit accounts through Pathward® are FDIC insured.
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Youtube
Linkedin
Your Privacy Choices
We use tracking technologies for the correct functioning of our website. If you click “accept” you are also permitting us to use targeted advertising technologies, if you click “decline” we will not use targeted advertising technologies. If you would like to configure other preferences, click “customize settings.”
Customize Settings
Decline
Accept
Powered by