Humana:  Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Definitions
Controlling Authority
is someone who has legal authority to sign agreements 
				for Organization and who has been identified as such in a registration process.
Access Administrator
is someone designated by a Controlling Authority 
				to set up and to maintain Users and has been identified as such in a registration 
				process.
A
User
is a person who has registered to use the Site 
				and that You have authorized to access or use the Services.
Use
We permit Your access to and use of the Services solely 
				for Your internal use and benefit; any other access or use is strictly prohibited.
User Access
The Services will be accessible only to Users. You 
				must register each User through the on-line registration process or other process 
				established by Humana. In addition, each User must execute an on-line Confidentiality \
				Agreement and an on-line Security Agreement ("User Agreements") before receiving 
				access to the Services. You are responsible for all acts or omissions by Users, 
				and for any liabilities, losses, damages, injunctions, suits, actions, fines, 
				penalties, claims or demands of any kind or nature by or on behalf of any person, 
				party or governmental authority incurred as a result thereof. An Access Administrator 
				may disable access to the Services by a User at any time by revoking the User's 
				access online or by an oral or written request to Us. You must disable or request 
				that We disable access to the Services by a User when You have security concerns, 
				including but not limited to lost or stolen User ID and Password, disclosure of 
				confidential information, or fraudulent activity. In addition, you must immediately 
				disable the access of any terminated employee. If We at any time discover any error 
				or omission in the information provided to Us, We may, at Our option, terminate 
				Organization's or any User's right to access and use the Site and the Services. 
				Organization shall not use Humana's Site in a manner which may violate the laws and 
				regulations of the United States or any other nation, or the laws and regulations of 
				any state, city, province or other jurisdiction in any fashion and shall not transmit 
				any information using the Site unless it has obtained proper consent from the 
				subject of such information to so transfer the information. Humana may deny Your 
				access to the Site in the event You breach this Agreement or at any time with or 
				without cause. You are responsible for all acts or omissions by Your Users, and 
				for any liabilities, losses, damages, injunctions, suits, actions, fines, penalties, 
				claims or demands of any kind or nature by or on behalf of any person, party or 
				governmental authority incurred by Us as a result of any User's use of the Site.
Security
We require each User to have unique information 
				to identify himself/herself ("IDs") when accessing or using the Services. 
				Currently this unique information is a User ID and Password and later may be a 
				digital certificate. You are solely responsible for 
				(1) maintaining the strict confidentiality of the IDs assigned to You and Your Users, 
				(2) instructing Your Users to not allow another person to use their IDs to access 
				the Site or the Services, and 
				(3) any charges, damages, or losses that may be incurred or suffered as a 
				result of Your or Your Users' failure to maintain the strict confidentiality of
				 their IDs. If Organization becomes aware of or suspects fraudulent activity or 
				 any other activity that threatens the security of the Site, Organization must 
				 immediately report the activity to Humana.
Intellectual Property Ownership
You agree that We (or third parties providing contents or 
				services for the Site) own all worldwide rights, titles and interests in and to 
				the Site and all intellectual property rights therein. You may print a copy of 
				the information contained on the Site for Your personal use, but You may not 
				reproduce or distribute the text or graphics to others or substantially copy the 
				information on Your own server, or link to the Site, without prior written 
				permission of Humana. All rights not expressly granted in this Agreement are 
				reserved to Us. No other rights or licenses are conveyed or intended by this 
				Agreement.
General Disclaimers
THE SITE AND THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU 
				ON AN "AS IS, WITH ALL FAULTS" BASIS, AND YOUR USE THEREOF IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. 
				IN NO EVENT WILL HUMANA BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, 
				INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE SITE, 
				OR ANY OTHER HYPER-LINKED WEB SITE. THIS INCLUDES, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOST 
				PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR DATA ON YOUR EQUIPMENT, OR 
				OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY NATURE, EVEN IF HUMANA IS EXPRESSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY 
				OR LIKELIHOOD OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Us harmless 
				against any losses, expenses, costs or damages (including Our reasonable attorneys' 
				fees, expert fees and other reasonable costs of litigation) arising from, incurred 
				 a result of, or in any manner related to (1) Your breach of the terms of this 
				 Agreement, (2) Your unauthorized or unlawful use of the Site or the Services, (3) 
				 the unauthorized or unlawful use of the Site or the Services by any other person 
				 using Your IDs, and (4) any breach or unauthorized use of this Site or the Services 
				 of any person or entity that You delegate functions or User access to with regard to 
				 this Site or the Services.
Waiver
It is understood and agreed that no failure or delay 
				by the other party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall 
				operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof 
				preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, 
				wer or privilege hereunder.
Delegation
It is understood and agreed that any and all persons 
				or entities that You delegate functions or User access to this Site or the 
				Services shall execute a separate Organization Access Agreement with Humana prior 
				to access to the self-service Web site.
Miscellaneous
Humana reserves the right to access, read, copy, 
				delete and disclose information on Humana systems and equipment. Humana reserves 
				the right to inspect any and all files stored on Humana equipment.
Governing Law; Venue
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of 
				the Commonwealth of Kentucky, without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.
				 Any dispute relating to this Agreement, the Site or the Services shall be brought 
				 only in a federal or state court sitting in Jefferson County, Kentucky.
Close