Legal Notice and Terms of Use
This Legal Notice and Terms of Use (“terms”) applies to all websites and domains owned, controlled, operated, and/or maintained by The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois, by and through its component units, including the System Offices, the Urbana-Champaign, Chicago, and Springfield universities, and all other teaching, research, and service facilities, wherever located, (the “University of Illinois System” or “System”) and any other web properties or profiles owned, controlled, operated, or maintained by the University of Illinois System (collectively, the “System Web”). Access to the System Web is provided subject to the following terms. Please read these terms carefully as use of the System Web constitutes acceptance of all the following terms:

1. Disclaimers
A. Disclaimer of Liability
Neither The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois, nor any of its units, programs, employees, agents, or individual trustees, shall be held liable for any improper or incorrect use of the information described and/or contained on the System Web and assumes no responsibility for anyone’s use of the information. In no event shall the University of Illinois System or its employees, agents, or individual trustees be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of the System Web, even if advised of the possibility of such damage. This disclaimer of liability applies to any damages or injury, including but not limited to those caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of record, whether for breach of contract, tortious behavior, negligence or under any other cause of action.

B. Disclaimer of Warranties and Accuracy of Data
Although the data found using the University of Illinois System’s access systems have been produced and processed from sources believed to be reliable, no warranty, express, or implied, is made regarding accuracy, adequacy, completeness, legality, reliability, or usefulness of any information. This disclaimer applies to both isolated and aggregate uses of the information. The System provides this information on an “as is” basis. All warranties of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, freedom from contamination by computer viruses, and non-infringement of proprietary rights are disclaimed. Changes may be periodically made to the information herein; these changes may or may not be incorporated in any new version of the publication. If you have obtained information from any of the System Web webpages via a source other than the System Web webpages, be aware that electronic data can be altered subsequent to original distribution. Data can also quickly become out of date. It is recommended that careful attention be paid to the contents of any data associated with a file, and that the originator of the data or information be contacted with any questions regarding appropriate use. If you find any errors or omissions, please report them to:

University of Illinois at Chicago
University of Illinois at Springfield
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
University of Illinois System Offices
C. Disclaimer of Endorsement
The System is a distributor of content sometimes supplied by third parties and users. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information or content expressed or made available by third parties, including information providers, users, or others, are those of the respective author(s) or distributor(s) and do not necessarily state or reflect those of the System and shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes. Reference on the System Web to any specific commercial product, process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the System.

D. Disclaimer for External Links
The System Web contains links and references to websites and resources maintained by third parties (“External Websites”). These include, for example, links to websites operated by Illinois agencies and officials, other government agencies, nonprofit organizations, and private businesses. When a user leaves the System Web and visits an External Website, the user is subject to the privacy policy and terms of use of that External Website. The System is not responsible for the contents of any External Website referenced. You specifically acknowledge that the System is not liable for the defamatory, negligent, inaccurate, offensive, or illegal conduct of other users, links, or third parties and that the risk of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with you. Links from System Web webpages to External Websites do not constitute an endorsement from the System. These links are provided as an information service only. It is the responsibility of the user to evaluate the content and usefulness of information obtained from External Websites. Since the System is not responsible for the availability of these External Websites or their contents, you should direct any concerns regarding any External Website to its site administrator or webmaster.

E. Disclaimer of Duties Regarding Data
Due to the dynamic nature of the Internet, resources that are free and publicly available one day may require a fee or have restricted access the next, and the location of items may change as menus, pages, and files are reorganized. You expressly agree that use of the System Web is at your sole risk. The System does not warrant that the service will be uninterrupted or error free. The documents and related graphics published on the System Web or its servers could contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein. The System may make improvements and/or changes in the information and/or programs described herein at any time.

2. Security
The System’s technology management teams have taken steps to safeguard the integrity of the System’s communications and computing infrastructure, including but not limited to authentication, monitoring, auditing, and encryption. Security measures have been integrated into the design, implementation, and day-to-day practices of the University of Illinois System’s operating environment as part of its continuing commitment to risk management.

This information should not be construed in any way as giving business, legal, or other advice, and it does not warrant the security of information provided via the System Web as fail-proof.

3. Choice of Law
Construction of the disclaimers above and resolution of disputes arising out of or relating to the disclaimers above are governed by the laws of the State of Illinois without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. The laws of the State of Illinois, U.S.A., shall apply to all uses of this data and the System Web. By use of the System Web and any data contained therein, you agree that use shall conform to all applicable laws and regulations and that you shall not violate the rights of any third parties.

Last revised: 10/28/2020