Terms of Use - Inch Calculator
Thank you for using Inch Calculator and our mobile applications!
We strive to provide a top-notch experience at all times, and we have some house rules. These Terms of Service apply to inchcalculator.com and mobile applications operated by Inch Calculator and Calc Hub, LLC.
Inchcalculator.com and Calc Hub, LLC do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, or reliability of the content, calculations, demonstrations, methods, recommendations, or advertisements contained on or linked to on this website or our mobile applications.
By using this website or our mobile applications, you acknowledge and agree that any use of this content, calculations, demonstrations, methods, recommendations or advertisements shall be at your own judgement and risk.
Inchcalculator.com and Calc Hub, LLC reserve the right to make updates and alterations to any content, calculators, or tools on this website or our mobile applications and has no obligation to correct any errors or incorrect content.
All content, calculations, demonstrations, methods, recommendations, or advertisements contained on or linked to on this website or our mobile applications are provided on an AS-IS and AS-AVAILABLE basis. Inchcalculator.com and Calc Hub, LLC make no warranty to any claims or calculations.
You agree that inchcalculator.com and Calc Hub, LLC are not liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the services provided. You agree that inchcalculator.com and Calc Hub, LLC are not liable to you or to any third party for the accuracy, completeness, or reliability of the content, calculations, demonstrations, methods, recommendations, or advertisements contained on or linked to on this website or our mobile applications.
You acknowledge and agree that inchcalculator.com and Calc Hub, LLC will not be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental special, consequential, punitive or exemplary damages.
You agree that you are at least 18 years old and competent to enter into an agreement to use the services offered by the website or our mobile applications.
You agree that the website’s content and all content in our mobile applications is the sole property of inchcalculator.com and Calc Hub, LLC and you have no right to reproduce, disseminate or otherwise use the information for any purpose other than your personal use.
We reserve the right to revoke your access to the website or our mobile applications and its services at any time. You agree that your current and future use of the website and our mobile applications is solely for your personal use and not for business or marketing. In the event that you violate any part of this provision, you agree you shall be liable to inchcalculator.com and Calc Hub, LLC for any damages and shall indemnify the Company for any third party claims arising out of your actions.
You agree and acknowledge that you will be liable and/or indemnify inchcalculator.com and Calc Hub, LLC and any contractor from any damages, attorney fees, costs and expenses including any regulatory or judicial fines that may be incurred in the event that you knowingly falsify information submitted to the website or our mobile applications.
In the event you misuse or attempt to misuse the website/mobile applications or to circumvent inchcalculator.com services or system or attempt to utilize the website/mobile application or services for non-personal, improper or commercial purposes such as hacking, fraud, marketing or spamming, inchcalculator.com may terminate your access to the website immediately, without notice, as well as file a claim to seek an equitable remedy and/or monetary damages due to lost revenue, repairs, attorney’s fees and/or legal costs and expenses and to seek injunctions or other equitable remedies.
Links on inchcalculator.com and our mobile applications are solely intended to be a convenience for you. These links may direct you away from inchcalculator.com and are unrelated and are not controlled by inchcalculator.com and Calc Hub, LLC and inchcalculator.com and Calc Hub, LLC are not responsible for those websites’ contents, products or functioning of the website.
Screenshots of this website, quotes taken from our text content, images used on our website, and any references to our brand, domain, or web pages must include a search-engine-followable HTML link.
Recommendations, information, and calculated results including procedures, tools, material, pricing, layout, or skill level are for educational purposes only and are not guaranteed by inchcalculator.com and Calc Hub, LLC to be complete or accurate for your project or specific codes and regulations in your local jurisdiction. Always consult a licensed professional in your local jurisdiction for projects in and around your home when applicable.
When performing work in and around your home, always use safety equipment, including but not limited to, safety glasses, hearing protection, dust mask, gloves, and protective clothing. It is your responsibility to obtain any necessary permits and follow codes and regulations in your area. It is your responsibility to verify all pricing for project materials, equipment, labor, and any other related costs.
Free Project Estimates and Contractor Services
Inch Calculator is a participant in the Networx affiliate program, and we may earn a commission when you agree to receive estimates from contractors and home service professionals using this program.
After you insert your name, address telephone number and email address in the home improvement estimate request form, we will attempt to match you with a service provider (“Contractor”) that performs services in and around your area (“Service Area”) who might wish to perform work that you need. However, we do not guarantee that it will locate a Contractor who is able or disposed to provide services that match your needs.
We do not make any representations or provide any guarantees for any Contractors’ skills, representations or quality of work that may be performed by any Contractor.
Inchcalculator.com and Calc Hub, LLC are not responsible for any of the services requested by you or the work performed on your behalf by any Contractor. We do not recommend or sanction any particular Contractor. The Contractors are not employees or agents of inchcalculator.com and Calc Hub, LLC and we are not an agent of the contractors.
You understand and acknowledge that inchcalculator.com and Calc Hub, LLC do not guarantee that we will pre-screen each Contractor, and we make no, and expressly disclaims any guarantees, representations or warranties whatsoever with regard to these Contractors.
All information about Contractors is confidential and for personal use only.
Any agreement you enter into with a Contractor is governed solely by the terms of your agreement and by applicable federal, state or local law. In the event that you have a dispute with a Contractor, that dispute must be addressed directly with the Contractor, and you agree to release inchcalculator.com and Calc Hub, LLC as well as any other person, firm or entity including Inchcalculator.com and Calc Hub, LLC business partners, which may include our network of Contractors, from any damages or claims of every kind arising out of or related to your agreement and/or dealings with a Contractor.
The Contractors are provided to you on an “as is” basis. It is your responsibility to confirm that the Contractor you’re dealing with is licensed, if necessary, and insured and you need to perform any investigation into references and background as you determine is needed.
Inchcalculator.com and Calc Hub, LLC do not guarantee that the Contractors are in compliance with licensing requirements or maintain liability insurance or bonding. We, therefore, urge you to confirm independently Contractors’ qualifications and request a copy of the Contractors’ license when applicable.
Free Project Estimates TCPA Compliance
By clicking “Get Free Estimates” you give your consent to be contacted at the phone number you entered, including wireless or cellular numbers. You may be contacted to get estimates and confirm and/or schedule your requested project. You understand that automated phone technology using voice or text messages may be used to reach you. This consent carries no obligation to purchase or use any contractor, product or service.
Home Improvement Price Estimates
All advertised or listed prices on this website are based on average industry costs, and are subject to variance for project-specific materials and requirements. Pricing and cost information will vary on geographic and project-specific factors.
Pricing for labor, equipment, and materials is not guaranteed to be accurate in all situations and will vary by vendor. Be sure to consult a professional contractor for specific pricing for your project. You agree to indemnify inchcalculator.com and Calc Hub, LLC for any liability from any damages, attorney fees, costs and expenses that may be incurred as the result of use of this information.
Health and Medical Disclaimers
Calculators and content contained on pages in this website related to health, nutrition, wellness, and fitness are for educational purposes only. Results given in calculators are for educational purposes only and are an estimate using widely accepted formulas.
Calculators and the results they give, along with the content on any page on this website are not a substitute for health and medical consultation, legal consultation, or a blood alcohol content test or examination. Calculations, results, and content on this website are not a prescription for your health and nutrition. Consult with your doctor before making any changes to your nutrition or diet. Calculations, results, and content on this website are not legal or medical advice in any way and you agree to use this information at your own risk, without warranty or guarantee.
Financial Calculations and Pricing Disclaimers
Calculators and content contained on pages in this website related to finance or pricing are for educational purposes only. Results given in calculators are for educational purposes only and are an estimate using widely accepted formulas. Calculator and the results they give, along with the content on any page on this website are not a substitute for financial advice, legal advice, or professional advice of any kind.
Calculations, results, and content on this website do not constitute financial advice. Consult with a licensed financial professional before making any changes to your finances and before using any of the information on this website. Calculations, results, and content on this website are not legal or financial advice in any way and you agree to use this information at your own risk, without warranty or guarantee.
Affiliate Links
While Inch Calculator aims to provide unbiased referrals and recommendations we wish to disclose that we may use affiliate links to products and or services for which we sometimes receive compensation.
Inch Calculator is a participant in a number of affiliate advertising programs.
Inchcalculator.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
This does not affect which products we recommend. All of the recommended products and services are recommended for their quality, performance, and overall reputation.
Inchcalculator.com is also a participant in the Networx affiliate program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn a commission by referring users to contractors through the Networx contractor locator service.
Widget Use Terms and Conditions
Use of Inch Calculator widgets are also subject to the following terms and conditions.
We work around the clock to ensure inchcalculator.com and our widgets work flawlessly, but Inch Calculator and Calc Hub, LLC are not responsible for any impact to your website as the result of using any widget or embeddable code provided by this site. You agree and acknowledge that you will be liable and/or indemnify Inch Calculator and Calc Hub, LLC from any damages, attorney fees, costs and expenses if anything should go wrong as a result of the use of widgets or embeddable content.
While we strive to ensure every calculator works perfectly, widgets and embeddable content are provided on an as-is basis and functionality is not guaranteed.
Inch Calculator reserves the right to suspend or revoke the availability of any widget or embeddable code at any time, without reason or notice. We reserve the right to limit the rate of HTTP requests and usage of any widget or embeddable code as needed to maintain the integrity of the service.
You agree that widget and embeddable content is the sole property of Inch Calculator and Calc Hub, LLC.
Consent to Data Collection
These Terms of Service incorporate our
Privacy Policy
, which discloses how we, our vendors, and our service providers collect and use data when you use the Site and/or mobile applications.  You hereby consent to the collection and use of data by us, our vendors, and our service providers as described in the Privacy Policy (including any links to other policies therein). You can revoke this consent at any time by following the opt-out instructions in the Privacy Policy or clicking the provided links on the Site.
Binding Arbitration (“Arbitration Agreement”)
a. Applicability of Arbitration Agreement. You agree that any dispute or claim against us, or our vendors or service providers(collectively, “We” or “Us”), related in any way to your access or use of this website, to these Terms, or to any aspect of your relationship with Us, will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that (1) you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify, so long as the matter remains in such court and advances only on an individual (non-class, non-representative) basis; and (2) you or We may seek equitable relief in court for infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights (such as trademarks, trade dress, domain names, trade secrets, copyrights, and patents). You agree that you must commence any arbitration or other claim within one (1) year after the dispute arises; otherwise, the claim is permanently barred, which means that you will no longer have the right to assert a claim regarding the dispute. This Arbitration Agreement will apply, without limitation, to all claims that arose or were asserted before the effective date of these Terms or any prior version of this Arbitration Agreement.
You agree in advance that you will not participate in or seek to recover monetary or other relief in any lawsuit filed against Us, alleging class, collective, and/or representative claims on your behalf. Instead, by agreeing to arbitration, you may bring your claims against any of Us in an individual arbitration proceeding (except for any Batch Arbitration, as described below). If successful on such claims, you could be awarded money or other relief by an arbitrator. You acknowledge that you have been advised that you may consult with an attorney in deciding whether to accept these Terms, including this Arbitration Agreement.
The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement.
b. Process. To begin a claim, you must first send a letter describing your claim in detail, including your name and contact information, your legal claim, the specific facts giving rise to your claim (including the date(s) and amount(s) of any relevant transaction or interaction with us), and the requested relief, to Calc Hub, LLC, 19725 Holloway Lane, Lakeville, MN 55044. You and We agree to attempt in good faith to negotiate an informal resolution of your claim. If a resolution is not reached within thirty (30) days, you may commence an arbitration action as set forth herein. The arbitration will be conducted by JAMS, an established alternative dispute resolution provider. Disputes involving claims and counterclaims under $250,000, not inclusive of attorneys’ fees and interest, will be subject to JAMS’s most current version of the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and procedures available at http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-streamlined-arbitration/; all other claims will be subject to JAMS’s most current version of the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures, available at http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-comprehensive-arbitration/. JAMS’s rules are also available at www.jamsadr.com or by calling JAMS at 800-352-5267. If JAMS is not available to arbitrate, the parties will select an alternative arbitral forum. You may choose to have the arbitration conducted remotely, based on written submissions, or in person at a mutually agreed location. We will be entitled to make an offer of judgment in the arbitration proceeding. If the offer of judgment is not accepted, and the award is not more favorable than the unaccepted offer, you will be solely responsible for all costs incurred by Us after the offer of judgment is made to the extent permitted by applicable law. Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
c. Fees. If the arbitrator finds that you cannot afford to pay JAMS’s filing, administrative, hearing, and/or other fees, and you cannot obtain a waiver from JAMS, we will pay them for you. If the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous, you agree to pay Us our attorneys’ fees and costs in the arbitration, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
d. Authority of Arbitrator. The arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court or agency, will have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute related to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, or formation of this Arbitration Agreement, including, but not limited to, any claim that all or any part of this Arbitration Agreement is void or voidable. The arbitration will decide the rights and liabilities, if any, of you and Us. The arbitration proceeding will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or parties. The arbitrator will have the authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any claim. The arbitrator will have the authority to award monetary damages and to grant any non-monetary remedy or relief available to an individual under applicable law, the arbitral forum’s rules, and these Terms (including the Arbitration Agreement). The arbitrator will issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded. The arbitrator has the same authority to award relief on an individual basis that a judge in a court of law would have. The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and Us.
e. Waiver of Jury Trial. You and We hereby waive any constitutional and statutory rights to sue in court and have a trial in front of a judge or a jury. You and We are instead electing that all claims and disputes will be resolved by arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement, except as specified in Section (a) above. An arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court and must follow this Agreement as a court would. However, there is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is subject to very limited review.
f. Waiver of Class or Consolidated Actions. Except with respect to Batch Arbitration (as defined below), all claims and disputes within the scope of this Arbitration Agreement must be arbitrated on an individual basis and not on a class basis, only individual relief is available, and claims of more than one customer or user cannot be arbitrated or consolidated with those of any other customer or user. In the event that this subparagraph is deemed invalid or unenforceable neither you nor We are entitled to arbitration and instead claims and disputes will be resolved in a court as set forth in these Terms.
g. Batch Arbitration. You and We agree that, in the event that there are fifty (50) or more individual requests for arbitration of a similar nature filed against Us within an approximately (30) thirty-day period (or otherwise in close proximity) regardless of the state(s) in which such claims are filed, JAMS will administer all such similarly situated arbitration demands on a collective basis as a single, consolidated arbitration (subject to a single set of fees, proceeding schedule, and, if required, hearing) before a single arbitrator in accordance with the requirements outlined elsewhere in this section, provided that – in the event that the arbitrator deems it impracticable or inequitable to administer all such claims collectively in a single arbitration – (s)he may group demands for arbitration into groups of not fewer than twenty (20) matters, plus a remainder group as needed (or as otherwise deemed by the arbitrator to be practicable, equitable, and in best keeping with the spirit of this provision) and arbitrate each group of matters as a single, consolidated arbitration (either structure a “Batch Arbitration”). You and We agree (1) to work with JAMS in good faith to facilitate the resolution of disputes on a Batch Arbitration basis and (2) that requests for arbitration are of a “similar nature” if they arise out of the same event, agreement, or factual scenario and raise the same or similar legal issues and seek the same or similar relief. Disagreements over the applicability of this Batch Arbitration process will be settled in a single, consolidated arbitration proceeding that includes all affected parties and is resolved by a single arbitrator subject to the requirements of this section. This Batch Arbitration provision shall in no way be interpreted as authorizing a class or collective arbitration or action of any kind, or any suit or arbitration involving joint or consolidated claims, under any circumstances other than those expressly set forth in this section.
h. Severability. If any part or parts of this Arbitration Agreement are found under the law to be invalid or unenforceable, then such specific part or parts will be of no force and effect and will be severed, and the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement will continue in full force and effect.
i. Survival. This Arbitration Agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with Us.
j. Modification. Notwithstanding any provision in these Terms to the contrary, We agree that if We make any future material change to this Arbitration Agreement, it will not apply to any individual claim(s) for which that you had already provided notice to Us.
Limitations on Liability
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE, OR OUR VENDORS OR SERVICE PROVIDERS (COLLECTIVELY, “WE” OR “US”), SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES, WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, USE, GOODWILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF ANY OF US EXCEED THE GREATER OF (A) THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID OR PAYABLE TO RAPTIVE BY YOU FOR THE WEBSITE DURING THE SIX-MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE ACT, OMISSION, OR OCCURRENCE GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY; OR (B) ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS ($100). THE LIMITATIONS OF THIS SUBSECTION SHALL APPLY TO ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, STATUTE, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE PARTIES HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGE, AND EVEN IF A REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
Use for Artificial Intelligence Purposes is Not Authorized
Inch Calculator and Calc Hub, LLC do not consent to the content on this website being used or downloaded by any third parties for the purposes of developing, training, or operating artificial intelligence or other machine learning systems (“Artificial Intelligence Purposes”), except as authorized by the owner in writing (including written electronic communication).
Absent such consent, users of this website, including any third parties accessing the website through automated systems, are prohibited from using any of the content on the website for Artificial Intelligence Purposes. Users or automated systems that fail to respect these choices will be considered to have breached these Terms of Use.
Inch Calculator
Have Feedback or a Suggestion?
Name (optional)
Email (optional)
Comment
©2026 Calc Hub, LLC | inchcalculator.com