Terms & Conditions |  Latest Stories & Gossip on Popular Trends at India.com
We are on Telegram now
click this icon for latest updates
Terms & Conditions
TERMS OF USE
These Terms of Use (“These Terms”) are a legal contract between You and Indiadotcom Digital Private Limited and its affiliates, subsidiaries, and any group companies (hereinafter referred to as “IDPL”) and govern Your use of the website
www.india.com
and any services provided through it (collectively referred to as the ‘Website’)
READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE BROWSING THIS WEBSITE. USING THIS WEBSITE INDICATES THAT YOU HAVE BOTH READ AND ACCEPT THESE TERMS. YOU CANNOT USE THIS WEBSITE IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS.
Please read the following terms and conditions carefully before registering, accessing, browsing, downloading or using the Site (defined below). By accessing or using the Site or by using the services, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions set forth below including any additional guidelines and future modifications. If at any time you do not agree to these terms and conditions or do not wish to be bound by these terms and conditions, you may not access or use the site and immediately terminate your use of the services.
The services are not available to persons under the age of 18 or to anyone, who was previously suspended and or removed from the services by IDPL. By accepting these Terms & Conditions or by otherwise using the services or the website, You represent that You are at least 18 years of age and have not been previously suspended or removed from the services. You represent and warrant that you have the right, authority, and capacity to enter into These Terms and to abide by all of the terms and conditions of These Terms. You shall not impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent identity, age or affiliation with any person or entity.
The headings and subheadings herein are included for convenience and identification only and are not intended to describe, interpret, define or limit the scope, extent or intent of These Terms or the right to use the Website by you contained herein or any other section or pages of the Website or any linked sites in any manner whatsoever.
Limited Permission to Copy
You are permitted to print or download extracts from these pages for your personal non-commercial use only. Any copies of these pages saved to disk or to any other storage medium may only be used for subsequent viewing purpose or to print extracts for personal use. You will not (whether directly or through the use of any software program) create a database in electronic or structured manual form by regularly or systematically downloading and storing all or any part of the pages from this site. No part of the website may be reproduced or transmitted to or stored in any other website, nor may any of its pages or part thereof be disseminated in any electronic or non-electronic form, nor including in any public or private electronic retrieval system or service without prior written permission of IDPL.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Liabilities
This site, site content, site codes, services and the software, if applicable, are provided “AS IS” “WITH ALL FAULTS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” and without warranties of any kind either express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to law, IDPL disclaims all liability, express or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties and conditions of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, workmanlike effort, title and non-infringement. IDPL does not warrant that the availability of or functions contained in the site, site content, site codes, services or software will be uninterrupted or error free or that defect will be corrected or this site, site content, site code or the server that makes them available, or the software are free from virus or other harmful components. IDPL does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or result of the use of the site, site content, site code or software in terms of correctness, reliability, accuracy or otherwise. You, and not IDPL, assume the entire risk as to the quality and performance of the site, site content, site code, service and software.
IDPL shall not be liable, at any time for any loss and/or damage arising directly or indirectly (including, without limitation, special, incidental and/or consequential loss and/or damage) arising in contract, tort or otherwise from the use of or inability to use the site, or any of its contents, or from any action taken (or refrained from being taken) as a result of using the site, its contents or associated services or due to any unavailability of the Website or any part thereof or any contents or associated services or for any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorised access to, alteration of, or use of information contained on the site. No representations, warranties or guarantees whatsoever are made as to the accuracy, adequacy, reliability, completeness, suitability or applicability of the information to a particular situation.
The site may provide link of other website(s) maintained or controlled by third parties and IDPL does not control such third-party website(s) and is not responsible for any transactions on such website(s).
Any hyperlinks from or to this Website exists for information purposes and are for your convenience only. IDPL accepts no liability for any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly (including consequential loss) from the accuracy or otherwise of materials or information contained on the pages of such sites or loss arising directly or indirectly from defects with such sites. IDPL neither endorses in any way nor offers any judgment or warranty and accepts no responsibility or liability for the authenticity, availability of any of the goods or services or for any damage, loss or harm, direct or consequential or any violation of local or international laws that may be incurred by your visiting and transacting on these sites.
Part of the Web Site will contain advertising and other material submitted to IDPL by third parties. IDPL accepts no responsibility for advertisements or promotions appearing on the site. Advertisers are responsible for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion on the Website complies with applicable International and National laws. IDPL will not be responsible for any advertiser’s claim, error, omission or inaccuracy in advertising material, and reserves the right to omit, suspend or change the position of any advertising material submitted for insertion. You engage with such advertisers or promoters at your own discretion and according to their terms.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
Intellectual Property Rights (“IPR”) for the purpose of These Terms shall always mean and include copyrights whether registered or not, patents including rights of filing patents, trademarks, trade names, trade addresses, house marks, collective marks, associate marks and the right to register them, designs both industrial and layout, geographical indicators, moral rights, source code, technical data, displaying rights, distribution rights, selling rights, abridged rights, translating rights, reproducing rights, performing rights, communicating rights, adapting rights, circulating rights, protected rights, joint rights, reciprocating rights, infringement rights and further shall also include but not be limited to all text, graphics, user interfaces, visual interfaces, sounds and music (if any), artwork and computer code in relation to the Website. The site contains copyrights and intellectual property rights in certain material presented on the site (including but not limited to text, audio, video, graphical images), trademarks and logos including trademark of IDPL its, affiliates and associates and are protected under the applicable Indian laws. Any infringement of the IPR will be considered illegal and shall be vigorously defended and pursued to the fullest extent permitted by law.
All copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in all material or content supplied as part of the site shall remain at all times vested in IDPL or its licensors. You are permitted to use this material or content only as expressly authorised in writing by IDPL or its licensors. You will not assist or facilitate any third party to, copy, reproduce, transmit, distribute, frame, commercially exploit or create derivative works of such material or content.
Unless expressly permitted in writing by IDPL or its licensor, you shall not capture, copy, reproduce, perform, transfer, sell, license, modify, manipulate, create derivate works from or based upon, republish, upload, edit, transmit, publicly display, frame, link, distribute or exploit in whole or in part the site, the site content or site code or otherwise use the site, site content on any other web site.
AMENDMENTS
IDPL reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Use, at any time without any prior written notice to You. You shall ensure to review these Terms of Use periodically for updates/changes. Your continued use of the website following the posting of changes will mean that You accept and agree to the revisions.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold IDPL, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers and any third party information providers to the site harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs including but not limited to attorneys’ fees, other expenses that arise directly or indirectly resulting out of or from your breach of this These Terms, your violation of the undertaking, representation and covenants as mentioned above and/or your activities in connection with this website. You shall indemnify and hold harmless IDPL, its affiliates, subsidiaries, group companies (as applicable) and their respective officers, directors, agents, and employees, licensors from any claim or demand, or actions including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party or penalty imposed due to or arising out of Your breach of this Terms of Use and other Policies, or Your violation of any law, rules or regulations or the rights (including infringement of intellectual property rights) of a third party.
THIRD PARTY RIGHTS
The provisions of Disclaimer of Warranties and Liabilities, and Indemnification are for the benefit of IDPL and its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers, and any third-party information providers to the Service. Each of these individuals or entities shall have the right to assert and enforce those provisions directly against you on their own behalf.
TERMINATION
You understand and agree that IDPL may, at its sole discretion and at any time, terminate your password, user account or use of any service for any reason. IDPL may also, at its sole discretion and at any time, discontinue any site or service or limit or restrict any user access thereto, for any reason. You understand and agree that IDPL may take any or more of these actions, in its sole discretion, immediately deactivate and / or delete any or all information about and concerning your user account, including your registration information. You understand and agree that IDPL shall not have any liability to you or any other person for any termination of your access to any service and / or the removal of information concerning your account.
SEVERABILITY
If any provision of the terms and condition shall be held unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
REGISTRATION AND ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
In consideration of your use of service of the site, you agree to (i) comply with the rules (ii) provide accurate, complete and true information about yourself as may be required on any registration form for the service. In order to create your User Account, and (iii) maintain and update, as applicable, your registration information with current and complete information. Users who violate these rules, or provide inaccurate, false or non-current registration information may, at IDPL ‘s sole discretion, have their user account suspended or terminated and may be permanently banned from having any current or future service from the site.
As part of your user account, you will be responsible for creating and maintaining confidentiality of your username and password. You are advised to select a username other than your real name or real name of any other person. We also urge you to memorize your password or keep it in a secure place. You agree that you will (i) immediately notify IDPL of any unauthorized use of your account, and (ii) ensure that you properly exit all services at the completion of your use session. IDPL will have no liability for any loss or damage arising from your use of a user account, the site or any service or your failure to comply with these requirements.
WAIVER
IDPL failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of this These Terms shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any provision of this These Terms.
ASSIGNMENT
IDPL may assign its rights and duties under this These Terms to any party at any time without notice to you.
GOVERNING LAW
The These Terms shall be governed by the Laws of India. The Courts of Law at Delhi only shall have exclusive Jurisdiction over any disputes arising under this These Terms.
CONSENT TO COMMUNICATION
–       Communication and Newsletters
By signing up on our website, you consent to receive emails from us, including newsletters, promotional content, and updates about our services. These communications are considered part of your use of our services.
You may opt out of marketing communications at any time by following the unsubscribe link provided in our emails, though we may still send you essential service-related emails (e.g., account notifications, password resets).
Latest Photo Galleries
10 Quotes on Meditation for Beginners by Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
Republic Day Parade 2026: From Indian Army’s contingent to IAF’s powerful aircraft at Kartavya Path, everything inside
Prime Minister Narendra Modi attends the 77th Republic Day celebrations at Kartavya Path
Nitin Nabin takes over as 12th National President of BJP
Daryl Mitchell makes HISTORY, equals Ab de Villiers, breaks 44-year-old World record to...
National Youth Day: Top quotes of Swami Vivekanand Ji
Viral Topics
Sunny Leone
Urfi Javed
Bharat Jodo Yatra
Flipkart Sale
Viral
Naseem Shah
Urvashi Rautela
Shehnaaz Gill
#Trending
Russia-Ukraine War LIVE: US Makes Contingency Plan If Russia Uses Chemical, Nuclear Weapons