These Terms of Use (“Terms”) govern your use of this website/ application owned and operated by the India Today Group (the “Company”), and the content and community services offered herein (“Service”).

1. Acceptance
Please read these Terms carefully before using this site. If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not use this site.

2. Registration and Termination
To use a Service you may need to register and create an account with a username and a password. You may need to provide us with certain personal and other information. The Company may verify your e-mail address before your account can be used.
You agree to provide truthful and complete information when you register for the Service and to keep that information updated. You must take due care to protect your username and password against misuse by others and promptly notify the Company about any misuse. You are personally responsible for any use of the Service.
You may terminate your registration if you no longer wish to use the Service. After termination, you will no longer have access to the Service. The Company may terminate your registration or restrict your access to certain parts of the Service if the Company has reason to believe that you have breached these Terms.

3. Licenses
The Company grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable license, revocable, at the Company’s sole discretion, right to access and use the Service strictly in accordance with the Terms. Use of the Service does not grant you any intellectual property rights in or to any information or content in the Service. As part of the Service, the Company may provide you with content developed by the Company or its licensors (“Content”). The Company grants you a non-exclusive license to use the Content for the purpose it is intended, unless otherwise defined in the Terms or an applicable purchase order. The Company, however, retains the right to withdraw the aforementioned license at its sole discretion.
You are bound by any restrictions applicable to specific Content you obtain through the Service. Any license acquired to third-party Content is a binding agreement between you and the third-party Content provider. You only have such rights to the Content as are expressly granted herein. Any liability arising out of your use of the Content shall be solely to your account and the Company shall not take any responsibility for the same.
As part of the Service, the Company may provide you with certain software developed by the Company or, its licensors (“Software”). Your use of Software may be subject to separate terms and conditions that you must accept before using the Software.
If there are no separate terms and conditions applicable to such Software, the following terms shall apply:
i) the Company grants to you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable right to install and use the Software on your computer and/or mobile device in order to use the Service.
ii) You may not distribute, transfer the right to use, modify, translate, reproduce, resell, sublicense, rent, lease, reverse engineer, or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of or make derivative works of the Software.
iii) For open source licensed software, applicable open source license terms apply.
You may be able to submit information or content (“Material”) to the Service. The Company does not claim ownership in your Material. Your submission of Material does not transfer ownership of rights of the Material to the Company. The Company is only transmitting the Material and is not responsible for editorial control over it. Any liability arising out of the use of your Material shall not be borne by the Company and you shall keep the Company indemnified and harmless in this regard. By submitting Material to the Service you grant the Company a world-wide, non-exclusive, sub-licensable, assignable, fully paid-up, royalty-free, perpetual and irrevocable license to use, copy, publicly perform, display, distribute in any media and modify the Material to incorporate the Material into other works, and to grant similar sub-licenses to the extent necessary for the Company to provide the Service. You are solely responsible for taking backup copies of the data you store on the Service, including Content you upload. If the Service is discontinued or canceled, the Company may permanently delete your data. The Company has no obligation to return data to you after the Service is discontinued or canceled.

4. Using the Service
You agree to: Comply with applicable laws, these Terms and good ethics and manners; Use the Service only for your personal, non-commercial purposes; Not submit unlawful, offensive, inaccurate, misleading, abusive, pornographic, harassing, libelous, blasphemous, defamatory, obscene, pedophilic, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, racially or ethically objectionable, disparaging, relating to or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise inappropriate material; Not to upload or share any information that impersonates another person, threatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India; Obtain any consents, permission or licenses that may be legally required for you to submit any Material; Respect the privacy of others; Not distribute or post spam, unreasonably large files, chain letters, pyramid schemes, viruses; and not use any other technologies or initiate other activities that may harm the Service, or the interest or property of the Service users.
Not to use any automated systems or means to access, acquire, copy or monitor any part of the Service. Be responsible for the consequences related to the Material that you post. Report any abuse of these Terms at the e-mail ID provided below. The Company may but has no obligation to: Monitor or moderate any Content or Material; Remove any Material from the Service; and Restrict access to any part of the Service at any time in its sole discretion.

5. Content
Before downloading or accessing any Content, please check whether the Content which you wish to access is restricted by age or marked as potentially ‘offensive’ or ‘explicit’. The Company shall not be responsible for any claims or offense caused or suffered by you accessing such Content. You agree: To use the Content only for your personal, non-commercial purposes; To use the Content in accordance with the restrictions set out in the applicable laws, additional terms, guidelines and policies or on the product pages that apply to that particular piece of the Content; Not to make copies, give, sell, resell, loan, rent, offer, broadcast, send, distribute, transfer, communicate to the public, reproduce, modify, display, perform, commercially exploit or make the Content available unless otherwise authorized in the applicable Terms and to advise the Company promptly of any such unauthorized use; Not to remove, circumvent, reverse engineer, decrypt, or otherwise alter or interfere with any applicable usage rules or attempt to circumvent digital rights management or copy protection features associated with the Content or any other technologies used to control the access to or use of the Content or its identifying information; Not to use any automated systems or means, except for those provided by us, for the selection or downloading of the Content; Not to give out your password or otherwise allow other people to access the Content.
The restrictions on copying that apply to applicable media also apply to the Content accessed as part of this Service. The Content is owned and/or controlled by the Company and/or its respective licensors and is protected by intellectual property laws. The third party Content provider is solely responsible for any Content it provides, any warranties to the extent that such warranties have not been disclaimed and for any claims you may have relating to that Content or your use of that Content. However, the Company reserves the right to enforce the third party Content license terms against you as a third party beneficiary of those terms. The third party Content providers are third-party beneficiaries under these Terms and may enforce the provisions that directly concern the Content in which they have rights. The Company may be acting as an agent for third party Content provider in providing the Content to you. The Company is not a party to the transaction between you and the third party Content provider for such Content.

6. Notices
The Company may post notices within the Service. The Company may also send you notices about products and Services to the e-mail address or telephone number you have provided to us. You are deemed to have received such notices at the latest, within seven (7) days from the Company sending or posting those. Your continued use of the Service constitutes your receipt of all notices regardless of delivery method.

7. Fees
Your use of the Service may be or may become subject to charges. Use of the Service may involve transmission of data through your service provider’s network. Prices listed within the Service do not include possible data transmission, text message, voice or other service provision charges by your network service provider. The Company assumes no responsibility for the payment of any charges of your service providers.

8. Order and Payment Terms
“Order” shall mean the selection of payable Content and/or subscription to Content offered by the Company and available in the Service and submission of payment method, as well as submitting the order by selecting the “buy”, “ok”, “I accept” or other similar confirmation of acceptance in the order flow or providing other indication of acceptance terms that are presented to you in the order flow. You agree that all Orders shall be legally valid and binding. All Orders are subject to acceptance by the Company. You may pay by credit or debit card, network service provider billing, or other payment methods if available. Your credit or debit card must have a billing address in the country where the Content is offered by the Service. The Company will charge your credit card or debit your bank account within a reasonable time after you have made your Order. All credit card payments are subject to validation checks and authorization by the card issuer. If you choose network service provider billing, charges will appear on your mobile phone bill or be deducted from your prepaid account if it is a prepaid account. Some network service providers may subject your usage of the Service to additional terms and conditions including placing limits on the amount of charges possible with network service provider billing. Charges in excess of network service provider limits or account balance may be rejected. You agree to pay the charges related to your Order, to ensure that the instrument of payment is valid at the time of the Order, that you are the rightful holder of the instrument and that the instrument is used within its credit limits. The Content that is delivered is licensed to you. You agree to use such Content solely as permitted in these Terms and in any additional terms that you may be presented in the order flow. The Service may offer subscriptions. You authorize the Service to place a periodical charge during the period of the subscription. The Service may also offer a trial period. If your Order involves a trial period (also known as try-and-buy), you may be charged when the trial period expires, unless you cancel in accordance with the subscription/ trial terms. The prices in the Service may change from time to time. Prices include applicable taxes in effect at the time of your transaction, unless otherwise stated. There may be instances where you incur additional charges from your bank or credit card provider based on currency conversion rates used and/or additional fees assessed.

INDIA TODAY GROUP SERVICE TERMS
The Company Web-sites (“Site”) are maintained by:
The India Today Group Mediaplex
FC-8, Sector – 16a,
FILM CITY,
NOIDA - 201301
We can be reached at [Contact Us]

Any personal information identifying any visitor to the Company Sites or Subscriber (“Personal Information”) if required, is asked for, explicitly in the relevant page on the Company Sites. Personal Information is used to operate the Company Sites, and we may occasionally inform you of new features, services, and products from the Company.
We may place a text file called a “cookie” in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain Personal Information although it will enable the Company Sites to relate your use of the Company Sites to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided to the Company Sites. If at any time you believe the Company Sites have not adhered to these principles, please notify at Contact Us and we will use all commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem. If you have questions about this policy, Contact Us.
Please refer to our detailed Privacy Policy available at(“Privacy Policy”)

9. Feedback to the Company
By submitting any ideas, feedback and/or proposals (“Feedback”) to the Company through the Service or other means, you acknowledge and agree that: (1) the Company may have similar development ideas to the Feedback; (2) your Feedback does not contain confidential or proprietary information of you or any third party; (3) the Company is not under any obligation of confidentiality with respect to the Feedback; (4) the Company may freely use, distribute, exploit and further develop and modify Feedback for any purpose; and (5) you are not entitled to any compensation of any kind from the Company.

10. Social Activities and Location Sharing
You may use features in the Service to share your location, status, content, Materials or personal information or to interact with other users, sites and services. By using these features you agree that the Company may use and provide that information to other services and persons with whom you choose to interact or share this information. Users of these services and persons, such as your contacts, may see your location, status and/or personal information. In using these features you agree not to share information, Content or Material, or to link to any service or site containing information, Content or Material, that: (a) contains content or other material that is illegal or inappropriate; (b) exploits intellectual property rights without authorization or encourages users to piracy; or (c) contains sensitive personal data of others. Any interaction does not involve the Company and is solely between you and the other user(s).

11. Availability and Technical Requirements
The availability of Content and the Service may vary and is subject to the Company’s sole discretion. The Company expressly disclaims any representation or warranty that any particular Content or Service will be available. The Service, operations and some features may also be dependent on the network, compatibility of the devices used and the content formats supported. To access the Service, you may need to download a specific piece of software developed by the Company or by another party. The Company may, in its sole discretion, change, correct or discontinue the Service in whole or in part. The Company may disable any Content or Software contained in your Service account for any reason and remove any Content or Software and/or disable copies of any application on your device in order to protect the Service, application providers, wireless carriers over whose network you access the service or any other affected or potentially affected parties.

12. Links to Third Party Sites and Content
The Company may include access to sites and services on the Internet or preloaded clients that enable you to interact with sites and services that are owned or operated by third parties and that are not part of the Service. You must review and agree to the terms and conditions of these sites or services before using them. The Company has no control over the third party content, sites or services and assumes no responsibility for services provided or material created or published on these third-party sites or services. A link to a third-party site does not imply that the Company endorses the site or the products or services referenced in the site. In addition, you and other users may create content and links to content within the Service that has not otherwise been submitted to the Service. The Company is not responsible for this type of content or links.

13. Advertisements
Service may include advertisements. Advertisements may be targeted to the content or information stored on the Service, queries made through the Service, or other information.

14. Personal Data
The Privacy Policy and any additional privacy information made available to you, govern the use of your personal data.

15. Limitation of Liability
The Service is provided on “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Company does not warrant that the Service will be uninterrupted or error or virus-free. No warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose, is made in relation to the availability, accuracy, reliability, information or content of the Service. You expressly agree and acknowledge that the use of the Service is at your sole risk and that you may be exposed to content from various sources. The Company is not liable for any direct damages caused by your use or inability to use the Service. In no case will the Company be liable for any indirect, incidental, punitive or consequential damages resulting from your use or inability to use the Service.

16. Indemnification
You agree to defend and indemnify the Company from and against all third party claims and all liabilities, assessments, losses, costs or damages resulting from or arising out of (i) your breach of these Terms, (ii) your infringement or violation of any intellectual property rights, other rights or privacy of a third party, or (iii) misuse of the Service by a third party where the misuse was made possible by your failure to take reasonable measures to protect your username and password against misuse..

17. Miscellaneous
Choice of Law: These Terms are governed by the laws of India. The Courts at New Delhi shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute arising out of your use of the Service. Changes in Terms: The Company may modify these Terms at any time without prior notice. If the Terms are changed in a material, adverse way, the Company will provide a separate notice advising of the change. In any case, you are responsible for regularly reviewing the Terms. Your continued use of the Service constitutes your consent to any changes and modification.

18. Intellectual Property
The Service, Content and Software are protected under the copyright laws. The Company claims copyrights in its Service, Content, and Software to the maximum extent of the law. Subject to the Terms, the Company retains all rights, titles and interests in the Service, its Content, the Software and in all other the Company products, software and other properties provided to you or used by you through the Service.

19. Assignment
The Company may assign its rights and obligations under these Terms to its subsidiaries, or to any company under common control with the Company. Additionally, the Company may assign its rights and obligations under these Terms to a third party in connection with a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, by operation of law or otherwise.

20. Grievance Redressal
In compliance with Rule 11(2)(a) of the Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines and Digital Media Ethics Code) Rules, 2021, T.V. Today Network Limited, New Delhi which owns and operates digital news platforms, has appointed the following person as the Grievance Officer, who will be responsible for redressal of grievances received by him in terms of the said Rules. The name of the Grievance Officer and the contact details are as follows:
M.N. Nasser Kabir
Group General Counsel, India Today Group
T.V. Today Network Limited
India Today Mediaplex FC 8, Sec. 16 A, Film City, Noida 201301
E-mail: grievanceofficer@aajtak.com
Before making a Grievance, complainants are encouraged to go through the above-mentioned Rules along with the self-regulating mechanism provided therein. The same can also be accessed at: Click Here [Disclaimer: T.V. Today Network Limited is a member of the Digital News Publishers Association (DNPA). DNPA for and on behalf of its members, including T.V. Today Network Limited, has challenged the Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines and Digital Media Ethics Code) Rules, 2021 and the said challenge is pending before the Hon’ble High Court of Judicature, Madras in W.P. No. 13055 and 12515 of 2021. The present disclosure is made without prejudice to the said challenge.]