TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE

1 - IDENTIFICATION DATA
Name: THX Medios SA, a company operating under the name Infobae (hereinafter INFOBAE) CUIT: 30-70789668-6


Registered Office: Humboldt 1550, 4th Floor, Office 413, Autonomous City of Buenos Aires, Argentina. Telephone: +5411 47798700


Contact email: datospersonales@infobae.com

Trades: trades@infobae.com
Registration details: Registered with the General Inspectorate of Justice under serial number 5071685. Person registered with the AAIP:


Domain: https://www.infobae.com/ owned by THX Medios SA


2 - OBJECT AND SCOPE OF APPLICATION
2.1 These Terms and Conditions of Use (hereinafter “Terms and Conditions”) govern access to, browsing of, and use of the websites under the domain infobae.com (hereinafter, “Website”), as well as the responsibilities arising from the use of its content. “Content” includes texts, graphics, drawings, designs, code, software, photographs, music, videos, sounds, databases, images, expressions, and information, as well as any other creation protected by national laws and international treaties on intellectual and industrial property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, INFOBAE may establish specific conditions governing the use and/or contracting of specific services offered to users through the Website.


2.2 Access to or mere use of the Website by the user implies acceptance of the Terms and Conditions published by INFOBAE at the time of access, which will be available to users. Therefore, the user should carefully read these Terms and Conditions. For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "User" refers to any person who accesses, browses, uses, or participates in the services and activities, whether free or paid, offered on the Website.


2.3 Furthermore, INFOBAE may authorize third-party entities to advertise or provide their services through the Website. In these cases, INFOBAE will not be responsible for establishing the general and specific conditions to be taken into account in the use, provision, or contracting of these third-party services and, therefore, cannot be held liable for them.


2.4 Before using and/or contracting any specific services provided by third parties, the User must carefully read the corresponding terms and conditions established for that purpose by INFOBAE. The use and/or contracting of these specific services implies acceptance of the terms and conditions governing them in the version published by INFOBAE at the time of such use and/or contracting.


3 - INTELLECTUAL AND INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
3.1 INFOBAE, as the author of a collective work, or any work or services of any nature, is the owner of the intellectual and industrial property rights of the Website, and is also the owner or has the corresponding license on the intellectual, industrial and image property rights on the content available through it.


3.2 Under no circumstances shall the User's access and browsing be understood to imply a waiver, transfer, license or assignment, in whole or in part, of said rights by INFOBAE.


3.3 Consequently, it is not permitted to remove, circumvent or manipulate the copyright notice and any other identifying data of the rights of INFOBAE or its owners incorporated into the content, as well as the technical protection devices, digital fingerprints or any information and/or identification mechanisms that may be contained in the content


3.4 It is also prohibited to modify, copy, reuse, exploit, reproduce, publicly communicate, make second or subsequent publications, upload files, send by email, transmit, use, process or distribute in any way all or part of the content included on the Website without the express written authorization of INFOBAE or, where applicable, the owner or owners of the corresponding rights.


3.5 In particular, INFOBAE expressly objects to the reproduction of its pages being considered a quotation under the terms of Article 10 of the Intellectual Property Law No. 11,723.
If you are interested in obtaining authorization or a license to use the Website's content in any way, please contact contacto@infobae.com


4 - USE OF THE WEBSITE

4.1 In particular, INFOBAE expressly objects to the reproduction of its pages being considered a quotation under the terms of Article 10 of the Intellectual Property Law No. 11,723.
If you are interested in obtaining authorization or a license to use the Website's content in any way, please contact contacto@infobae.com


4.2 If registration is required to use and/or contract a service on the Website, the User is responsible for providing truthful and lawful information (hereinafter, the "Registered User"). If, as a result of registration, the User is provided with a password, they agree to use it diligently and keep it secret. Consequently, Users are responsible for the proper safekeeping and confidentiality of any identifiers and/or passwords provided by INFOBAE and agree not to transfer their use to third parties, whether temporarily or permanently, nor to allow access to them by unauthorized persons. The User will be responsible for the use of the services by any unauthorized third party who uses a password due to the User's negligence or loss of said password.


4.3 In light of the foregoing, it is the User's obligation to immediately notify INFOBAE of any event that could lead to the misuse of usernames and/or passwords, such as theft, loss, or unauthorized access, so that they can be immediately canceled. Until such events are reported, INFOBAE will be exempt from any liability that may arise from the misuse of usernames or passwords by unauthorized third parties.


4.4 Access, browsing, and use of the Website are the User's responsibility. Therefore, the User agrees to diligently and faithfully comply with any additional instructions given by INFOBAE or authorized INFOBAE personnel regarding the use of the Website and its Content. Furthermore, we urge you to report to INFOBAE any activity you become aware of that constitutes unlawful conduct or infringes upon the rights of any third party, either through the Website's tools or via the contact form.


4.5 Therefore, the User undertakes to use the Content diligently, correctly and lawfully and, in particular, agrees to refrain from:


a. Use the content for purposes or effects contrary to the law, morality and generally accepted good customs or public order


b. reproduce or copy, distribute, allow public access through any means of public communication, transform or modify the contents, unless authorized by the holder of the corresponding rights or legally permitted


c. to use the Content and, in particular, any information obtained through the website or services to send advertising, communications for direct sales purposes or any other commercial purpose, unsolicited messages addressed to a plurality of people regardless of their purpose, as well as to refrain from marketing or disclosing such information in any way.


4.6 INFOBAE reserves the right to immediately terminate the Registered User if it considers, at its sole discretion, that the Registered User is carrying out any activity that constitutes or may constitute a breach of these Terms and Conditions.


5 - USER-GENERATED CONTENT
5.1 In the event that the User sends content of any kind to the Website, including, but not limited to, photographs, images with or without movement, texts, information, databases, sound recordings or any other works or services (hereinafter, the Generated Content) the same declares, guarantees and accepts that the different uses of the General Content under the terms established in these Terms and Conditions are not likely to infringe any intellectual or industrial property right, duty of confidentiality, trade secret or any other right of third parties.


5.2 In the event that the Generated Content consists of images (including therefore the avatar) the User declares and warrants:


i. That he/she is of legal age.


ii. That he is the author or holder of the image rights.


iii. That the person or persons whose image is reproduced in the Generated Content have expressly and unequivocally consented to the capture of their image, as well as its reproduction and public dissemination. If the person whose image is reproduced is a minor, the User guarantees that they have obtained the express and unequivocal consent for the capture, reproduction, and public dissemination of the image from the parents or guardians of the minor and may provide proof thereof at any time upon request.



5.3 The User assumes responsibility and guarantees to indemnify INFOBAE against any type of damage that may occur as a result of the User's failure to comply with the provisions established in the two preceding paragraphs (5.1 and 5.2). This responsibility includes, but is not limited to, the accuracy, legality, originality and ownership of the Generated Content.


5.4 The User grants INFOBAE, free of charge and on a non-exclusive basis, the industrial and intellectual property rights and any other rights to the Generated Content, including, without limitation, the rights of reproduction, distribution, public communication (including making available to the public), and transformation for exploitation by any means, medium, or format and through any system, procedure, or method of transmission, communication, or distribution, whether free or paid, using the General Content alone or in conjunction with other content. This grant to INFOBAE is worldwide, for the entire duration of the rights, and includes the right to sublicense to third parties.


5.5 INFOBAE reserves the right to decide on the disclosure or publication of the Generated Content.


6 - RESPONSIBILITIES AND GUARANTEES
6.1 INFOBAE does not guarantee the legality, reliability, usefulness, truthfulness or accuracy of the services or information it disseminates through the Website.


6.2 Consequently, INFOBAE does not guarantee or assume responsibility for: (i) the operation of the Website; (ii) the continuity of the Website Content; (iii) the absence of errors in said Content or the correction of any defects that may occur; (iv) the absence of viruses and/or other harmful components on the Website or on the server that provides it; (v) the invulnerability of the Website and/or the impenetrability of the security measures adopted therein; (vi) the lack of usefulness or performance of the Website content; (vi) any damages or losses caused to oneself or to a third party by any person who violates the conditions, rules and instructions established by INFOBAE on the Website or through the breach of the Website's security systems.


6.3 However, INFOBAE declares that it has diligently adopted the necessary measures, within its possibilities and the state of technology, to guarantee the operation of the Website and prevent the existence and transmission to Users of viruses and other harmful components.


7. LINKS
Links to Other Websites


7.1 On the Website, the User may find links to other websites through various buttons, links, banners, etc., which are managed by third parties. INFOBAE assumes no responsibility for any aspect related to the linked website

Links on other websites to the Website

7.2 If any third party, entity or website wishes to establish any type of link to the Website, it must comply with the following conditions and requirements:

i. The link can direct to the Website's Home Page.

ii. The link must be absolute and complete, meaning it must take the User, with a single click, directly to INFOBAE's URL https://www.infobae.com/ and must fully occupy the entire screen of the Website. Under no circumstances, unless expressly authorized in writing by INFOBAE, may the linking website reproduce the Website in any way, include it as part of its own website or within one of its frames, or create a browser window over any of the Website's pages.

The page establishing the link may not state in any way that INFOBAE has authorized such a link, unless INFOBAE has expressly authorized it in writing. If the entity linking from its page to the Website wishes to include on its website the trademark, name, trade name, label, logo, slogan, or any other identifying element of INFOBAE and/or the Website, it must first obtain express written authorization.

iii. INFOBAE does not authorize the establishment of a link to the Website from those web pages that manifestly promote hatred, contempt or discrimination on the grounds of birth, race, sex, religion, nationality, opinion or any other personal or social circumstance and in general, that contravene morality, public order or generally accepted social norms.


7.3 INFOBAE does not assume any responsibility for any aspect related to the website that establishes that link to the Website, specifically, by way of example and not limitation, on its operation, access, data, information, files, quality and reliability of its products and services, its own links and/or any of its content, in general.

Services provided by third parties through the Website


7.4 INFOBAE does not guarantee the legality, reliability and usefulness of the services provided by third parties through the Website or over which INFOBAE only acts as an advertising channel or intermediary service provider.


7.5 INFOBAE will not be liable for damages of any kind caused by services provided by third parties through this website, and in particular, by way of example only, those caused by:

i. non-compliance with the law, morality, or public order;
ii. the incorporation of viruses or any other computer code, file, or program that may damage, interrupt, or prevent the normal functioning of any software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment;
iii. the infringement of intellectual and industrial property rights, trade secrets, or contractual obligations of any kind;
iv. the performance of acts that constitute illegal, misleading, or unfair advertising and, in general, that constitute unfair competition;
v. the lack of truthfulness, accuracy, quality, relevance, and/or timeliness of the content transmitted, disseminated, stored, received, obtained, made available, or accessed;
vi. the infringement of the rights to honor, personal and family privacy, and image of individuals or, in general, any type of third-party rights;
vii. the unsuitability for any kind of purpose and the frustration of expectations generated, or the vices and defects that may arise in the relationship with third parties; and
viii. non-compliance, delay in performance, defective performance or termination for any reason of obligations undertaken by third parties and contracts made with third parties.


8. DURATION AND MODIFICATION



8.1 INFOBAE may modify the terms and conditions stipulated herein, in whole or in part, by publishing any changes in the same way that these Terms and Conditions appear or through any type of communication directed to the Users.


8.2 The validity of these Terms and Conditions coincides, therefore, with the time of their publication, until they are modified in whole or in part, at which time the modified Terms and Conditions will become effective.


8.3 Notwithstanding the provisions of the specific terms and conditions, INFOBAE may terminate, suspend, or interrupt access to the website's content at any time without prior notice, and the User shall not be entitled to any compensation. Following such termination, the prohibitions on the use of the Content set forth above in these Terms and Conditions shall remain in effect.


9. GENERAL



9.1 The headings of the various clauses are for informational purposes only, and will not affect, qualify or expand the interpretation of the Terms and Conditions


9.2 In case of discrepancy between the provisions of these Terms and Conditions and the particular conditions of each specific service, the provisions of the latter shall prevail.


9.3 In the event that any provision or provisions of these Terms and Conditions are considered null or unenforceable, in whole or in part, by any competent Court, Tribunal or administrative body, such nullity or unenforceability will not affect the other provisions of the Terms and Conditions or the particular conditions of the different services of INFOBAE.


9.4 The failure of INFOBAE to exercise or enforce any right or provision contained in these Terms and Conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision, unless acknowledged and agreed to in writing by INFOBAE.


10. JURISDICTION



10.1 The relationship established between INFOBAE and the User shall be governed by the provisions of current legislation regarding applicable law and competent jurisdiction. However, in cases where the regulations allow the parties to choose a jurisdiction, INFOBAE and the User, expressly waiving any other jurisdiction that may apply, submit to the Courts of the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires




Sweepstakes

FIFA World Cup™ Trophy Tour Sweepstakes Terms and Conditions


1. Promotion. The “FIFA World Cup™ Trophy Tour” Sweepstakes (hereinafter, the “Sweepstakes”) is organized by THX MEDIOS SA (hereinafter, the “Organizer”) with registered office at Humboldt 1550, 4th floor, Office 404, Autonomous City of Buenos Aires and will be governed by current regulations and, in particular, by these Terms and Conditions (hereinafter, the “Terms”)


Participation in this Draw implies acceptance of these Terms and Conditions, as well as the decisions made by the Organizer regarding any matter that may occur not foreseen in them.


2. Scope and Term. The Draw will take place within the territory of the Argentine Republic, excluding the Provinces of Salta, Mendoza, Neuquén, Río Negro, Jujuy, and Tierra del Fuego, from February 10, 2026, until February 16, 2026, at 10:00 AM (Argentina time). Individuals of any gender, over 18 years of age, of Argentine nationality, domiciled and residing in the Argentine Republic (except for individuals residing in the Provinces of Salta, Mendoza, Neuquén, Río Negro, Jujuy, and Tierra del Fuego) may participate in the Draw. Those with any impediment beyond the Organizer's control to participate in this Draw are ineligible.


3. Participation in the Draw. Those who wish to participate in the Draw (hereinafter, the “Participant/s”), must within the validity period established in these Terms, without obligation of purchase, complete name(s), surname(s), date of birth, ID number, email, contact telephone number and gender (hereinafter, the “Data”).


Each Participant may complete their Data only once during the validity of the Draw.


Failure to provide all required information will result in disqualification, and the participant will not be eligible to win the prize offered in the Draw. Furthermore, any falsification and/or non-compliance with these Terms and Conditions will result in the loss of the right to the proposed prize.


It is expressly clarified that the Organizer reserves the right to eliminate those entries that do not comply with the established instructions to the best of the Organizer's knowledge and understanding in the Draw, as well as those that do not respect what is established in these Terms and Conditions.


Any attempt or method of participation in the Draw that is carried out by any process, technique or mechanism of participation other than that detailed in these Terms and Conditions is prohibited and will be annulled, as well as the use, to upload the data required on the Website, of techniques of a robotic, repetitive, automatic, programmed, mechanized or similar nature, or that, in the opinion of the Organizer, is considered fraudulent.


The Organizer will not be responsible for entries or participations in the Draw that are not received due to transmission or technical failures of any kind not attributable to the Organizer.


4. Participant Data and Responsibility. Participants agree that the personal data submitted to the Organizer through infobae.com/sorteos will be their own and true, and they assume responsibility to the Organizer for any inaccuracies. They also acknowledge and accept that the data will not belong to or refer to third parties, nor will it infringe upon the rights, identity, and/or privacy of third parties, nor their intellectual property rights, nor will it be offensive, contrary to morality, good customs, or good taste, and/or otherwise potentially harmful to third parties. Participants must indemnify and hold the Organizer harmless from any and all damages and/or losses caused to third parties arising from the breach or impairment of the aforementioned conditions. Employees and/or directors of the Organizer, their relatives up to the second degree of consanguinity and first degree of affinity, employees of associated and/or controlled companies, and suppliers related to the Sweepstakes are not eligible to participate.


5. Participation Costs. Participation in the Sweepstakes is only possible through the Argentine website https://infobae.com. The cost of internet access required for any and all participation, activity, and/or involvement related to the Sweepstakes will be the sole responsibility of the interested parties and/or Participants. The Organizer assumes no liability whatsoever for any reason. Furthermore, the Organizer is not responsible for any alterations, modifications, outages, or interruptions that may affect internet service, nor for any damages of any kind that may result from the unavailability or lack of continuity of said service and/or from downloading the application onto devices and/or hardware. The Organizer is not responsible for the actions of third parties who may in any way intercept, delete, alter, modify, and/or manipulate the Sweepstakes application.


6. Right of Admission. The Organizer reserves the right to refuse admission, participation, and/or continued participation to Participants, the eventual Winner or Alternate Winner, and/or Beneficiary. The Organizer is authorized, at its sole discretion, to annul, disqualify, and/or eliminate any Participant and/or eventual Winner or Alternate Winner and/or Beneficiary who, in its sole and reasonable judgment, has acted contrary to these Terms and Conditions and/or the spirit of the Draw. The exercise of these rights by the Organizer will not generate any liability for the Organizer nor give rise to any claim of any kind for the interested parties. The exercise or non-exercise of these rights by the Organizer is purely discretionary on its part and tends to favor plurality in participation in the Draw and allocation of the prize, and in this way detect and discourage those practices and/or activities of persons dedicated to participating and intervening fraudulently and repeatedly in this type of entertainment and/or promotions and/or draws developed by the Organizer and/or aimed at obtaining prizes in an irregular manner and/or contrary to these Terms and their reasonable application and interpretation.


7. Acceptance of the Terms and Conditions. Participation in the Sweepstakes, as an Entrant and/or in any other capacity, implies knowledge and acceptance of each and every one of the terms and conditions of these Terms and Conditions and of the decisions made by the Organizer regarding matters covered or not covered herein, as a condition of participation in the Sweepstakes. The Organizer reserves the right to cancel, extend, and/or modify the Sweepstakes, in whole or in part, or extend its duration and territory, modify these Terms and Conditions, and modify the prize. All modifications will be published on the Organizer's website and social media channels and will not generate any liability for the Organizer. In all cases, the modifications introduced will comply with applicable law.


This Draw, its entire mechanism and the application available within this framework, are solely intended to generate an environment of fun, recreation and leisure.


8. Probability of winning. The probability of winning the Prize, as defined in clause 9 of these Terms and Conditions, will depend on the number of Participants. If 100,000 people participate, the probability will be 1 (one) in 100,000.


9. Winner Selection. On Monday, February 16, 2026, at 12:00 PM, using an electronic system, one (1) Primary Winner and one (1) Alternate Winner will be randomly selected from all participants. The Alternate Winner will replace the Primary Winner if they do not meet the requirements stated in these Terms and Conditions and/or if any other circumstance prevents them from receiving and/or using the Prize. If the Primary Winner does not meet the aforementioned requirements to participate in this Draw, they will be replaced by an Alternate Winner in the order in which they were drawn.


10. Announcement of the winner. Once the Winner of the Gift has been determined, on Monday, February 16, the Organizer will contact the winner at the email or telephone number provided, announce that they are the Winner and inform them of the conditions for the delivery of the Gift.



The Prize will be delivered digitally to the Winner, by sending the tickets by email to the email address provided in their registration on the website infobae.com/sorteos.


If the Original Winner meets the required conditions and confirms receipt of the tickets, they will automatically become the definitive winner of the Prize (hereinafter, the “Beneficiary”). Otherwise, the prize will be forfeited to said Original Winner and will be replaced by the Alternate Winner who, according to the order of the draw, meets the necessary conditions to be a winner of the Prize.


At the end of this Draw, one winner will have been selected, with no prizes remaining unclaimed. It is also noted that this Draw will not end before the date specified herein.


11. The Gift. Whoever becomes the Beneficiary of the Draw will be entitled to the Gift, which consists of a pair of general admission tickets for the FIFA World Cup Trophy Tour exhibition, to be used on Friday, February 20th at La Rural, Autonomous City of Buenos Aires.


It is expressly established that the Gift does not include any other benefit, service or product other than those clearly and expressly determined in the previous paragraph of this clause, and any expense, disbursement, outlay, extras and/or consumption of any nature, transfers, taxes, fees and fines arising or not from non-compliance or improper use of the Gift, particular documentation procedures that the Beneficiary and/or Companion should carry out to enjoy the Gift, as well as any other service and/or product and/or consumption carried out by the Beneficiary and/or Companion, in relation to and/or linked to the Gift, and/or the Draw, shall be the sole and exclusive responsibility of the Beneficiary and/or Companion.


The Organizer is not responsible for theft, loss or misuse of the Gift, therefore there will be no replacement.


No Beneficiary may demand the exchange of the Gift for another, nor for delivery in any currency or kind, nor for a good or service other than the one indicated as a Gift, so the Gift will not be negotiable, nor transferable.


12. Free Participation. Participation in the Contest is free, with no direct or indirect obligation to purchase or contract any service. The total stock of gifts committed to this Contest amounts to 1 (ONE) gift. Therefore, once the Draw has concluded, one Winner will have been selected, who will be entitled to one gift, as defined in clause 10 of these Terms and Conditions. In case of difficulty and/or impossibility in delivering the gift, the Organizer reserves the right to substitute it with another of similar characteristics.


The Gift will be delivered to its Beneficiary provided that they meet the necessary conditions to participate in this Draw.


13. Publication of the Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions will be available for Participants and the general public to consult at the Organizer's offices, located at Humboldt 1550, Autonomous City of Buenos Aires, and on the website https://infobae.com, for the entire duration of the Draw. This Draw will also be publicized during its validity through the website www.infobae.com/sorteos/.


14. Disclaimer. The Organizer is not responsible for any documentation or requirements of any kind that Participants and/or the Winner (Primary or Alternate) and/or Companion may require to participate in this Draw and/or use the Prize and/or its transportation and/or services related to the Prize. Those who do not meet the stated conditions will not be eligible to participate in the Draw.


The Organizer is also not responsible if the Beneficiary cannot collect, enjoy and/or use the Gift for any reason that suggests it is beyond their control or not attributable to them and/or because they cannot travel to the place indicated for the receipt of the Gift and/or because of the documentation or requirements of any kind that the Participants require to collect, enjoy and/or use the Gift.


Any presentation or claim made by the Participants and/or by the Main Winner and/or Alternate Winner and/or Beneficiaries in a place and time other than the offices of the Organizer, located at Humboldt Street 1550, Autonomous City of Buenos Aires, will be untimely and will automatically cause the loss of the right to claim the corresponding Gift.


Once the Gift has been delivered in accordance with clause 10 of these Terms and Conditions, the Organizer is released from all liability with respect to it.


In particular, the Organizer is not responsible for:


(A) for any damage, harm, loss or injury, personal, moral or material, caused directly, indirectly and/or consequently by any Beneficiary and/or Companion to himself and/or third parties due to and/or in relation to the Gift and/or Draw;


(B) for any damage, theft and/or robbery that any Beneficiary, and/or Companion and/or third parties and/or the property of any of these linked to the Draw and/or the Gift and/or its use during the Stay and/or any service linked to it;


(C) for any damage, theft and/or robbery that any Beneficiary, and/or Companion, and/or third parties may suffer with respect to the Gift once delivered and/or its use during the Stay and/or any service linked to it;


(D) due to failures in communication equipment, power supply, or technical malfunctions, human errors or deliberate actions by third parties that could disrupt, suspend or interrupt the normal development of the Draw;


(E) due to mechanical failures and/or technical defects and/or human errors or deliberate actions by third parties that could disrupt, suspend or interrupt the transfers, and/or services and/or the performance of everything necessary to use and enjoy the Gift.