Investing.com Terms and Conditions

Table of Contents
1. Changes to the Terms and Conditions
2. Changes to the Platform
3. Risk Disclaimer
4. No Investment Advice
5. Disclaimer of Warranties
6. Use and Access
7. Your Account
8. Closing Your Account
9. Newsletter and Third-Party Communications
10. Limitations on Use
11. User Content
12. Legal Restrictions
13. Links to Third Party Sites and Use of Third Party Software
14. Market Information
15. Artificial Intelligence (AI) Content and Tools
16. Subscriptions
17. Special Conditions Regarding Specific Products
18. Force Majeure
19. Technical Problems
20.Trademarks and Copyrights
21. Notice to Users of the Mobile Application through an iOS Device
22.Breach
23.Governing Law and Court Jurisdiction
24.Disclosures
25.Miscellaneous
Last Modified: August 2025


2
These terms and conditions (the “Terms”) are a legal agreement between Fusion Media Limited
(“Fusion Media”) and its affiliates (collectively, the “Group” or “We”) and you, the end-user
(“you”), and they govern your access and use of the website www.investing.com (and all
related sub-domains and sub-directories), the Investing.com mobile applications and all
content, tools and products provided therein (respectively, the “Site”, the “Apps”, and
collectively the “Platform”).
BY ACCESSING OR USING THE , YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS.
PLEASE READ THE PRIVACY POLICY, COOKIE POLICY, RISK WARNING AND ALL OF THE
FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS INCLUDING THE SPECIAL CONDITIONS (DETAILED
BELOW) (COLLECTIVELY, THE “POLICIES”) BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING OUR PLATFORM.
If you do not agree to any of the Policies, you are requested to immediately cease any access
and use of our Platform.
You confirm that you are over the age of 18 (and above the minimum age required to enter into
a legal agreement in your jurisdiction), as the Platform is not intended for minors under 18. If it
comes to our attention that a registered user is under 18 years of age, we maintain the right to
cancel such user's account.
1. Changes to the Terms and Conditions
We reserve the right to amend, remove, or add to these Terms at any time. Please check the
“Last modified” heading at the bottom of this document to see when the Terms were last
updated. Any changes to the Terms will become effective immediately after they are posted.
Your continued use of the Platform following any changes to the Terms means that you accept
the updated Terms.
If, at any time, you decide that you do not accept these Terms, you are requested to
immediately cease any further use of the Platform. Any terms and conditions proposed by you
which are in addition to, or which conflict with these Terms are expressly rejected by the Group
and will have no force or effect. For Special Conditions applicable to certain products offered
and available as part of the Platform (Including, without limitation, InvestingPro, InvestingPro+
or ProPicks AI), please see additional terms below.
2. Changes to the Platform
You understand and agree that We may discontinue or change all or any portion of the Platform
at any time, without notice. Furthermore, we may decide, at our sole discretion, to impose
certain fees or other conditions in order to access and use any portion of the Platform at any
time. You also understand and agree that Fusion Media may discontinue or restrict your use of
the Platform for any reason without notice.
3. Risk Disclaimer
Trading in financial instruments, including without limitation, stocks, bonds, cryptocurrencies,
CFDs and Forex, involves high risks, including the risk of losing your investment amount, and
may not be suitable for all investors. Trading on margin substantially increases the financial
risks. Using a high level of leverage to conduct financial transactions (including, without
limitation, foreign exchange transactions) involves the risk that borrowing costs will be higher
than the income which is derived from the assets. The result of the above is that even a slight
fluctuation of the market could mean substantial gains when these fluctuations are in your
favor, but that could also mean substantial losses if the fluctuations are to your detriment. You
3
alone are responsible for any losses you may incur as a result of your reliance on the Platform
and any information, data, article or other content (the “Content”) accessed by you through
the Platform. Before making any investment, we strongly urge you to seek advice from a
licensed financial advisor. For more information, please see our Risk Warning.
4. No Investment Advice
The Platform and the Content are provided to you solely for your general informational
purposes, and should not be considered as legal, tax, accounting, financial or investment
advice. Investing.com is not a licensed securities dealer, broker, investment adviser,
investment bank and does not provide any financial services. Nothing in the Platform or
Content therein represents a recommendation to buy or sell any financial instrument, nor does
it reflect the views of the Group or its management, employees or consultants. You are solely
responsible for determining whether any investment is suitable for you, considering your
investment objectives, risk tolerance and personal financial situation. It is also your
responsibility to evaluate the merits and risks of using the information provided on this site
before making any decisions.
5. Disclaimer of Warranties
THE PLATFORM, THE CONTENT AND THE MARKET IFNORMATION ARE PROVIDED “AS IS”,
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER. THE GROUP AND THEIR RESPECTIVE
EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, SHAREHOLDERS AND LICENSORS (THE
“REPRESENTATIVES”) CANNOT AND DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS,
CURRENTNESS, TIMELINESS, NONINFRINGEMENT, TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR THAT THE PLATFORM OR CONTENT WILL BE ERROR FREE. THE
PLATFORM AND THE CONTENT, AND THE GROUP HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY SUCH EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES. THE GROUP MAY MODIFY, SUSPEND, OR DISCONTINUE THE
PLATFORM OR ANY PART THEREOF WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE, AND THE
REPRESENTATIVES ASSUME NO LIABILITY IN CONNECTION THEREWITH. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE REPRESENTATIVESBE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY OR TO ANYONE
ELSE FOR ANY KIND OF FINANCIAL LOSS, LOST PROFITS, ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGE OR ANY OTHER SIMILAR DAMAGE OR ANY OTHER LOSS OR
INJURY, RESULTING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM USE OF THE PLATFORM, CAUSED IN
WHOLE OR PART BY ITS NEGLIGENCE OR CONTINGENCIES BEYOND ITS CONTROL IN
PROCURING, COMPILING, INTERPRETING, REPORTING OR DELIVERING THE PLATFORM AND
ANY CONTENT ON THEREON.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REPRESENTATIVES BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY OR
ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DECISION MADE OR ACTION TAKEN OR NOT TAKEN BY YOU IN
RELIANCE ON THE PLATFORM OR THE CONTENT AND TOOLS THEREIN.
FURTHERMORE, DUE TO THE NUMBER OF SOURCES FROM WHICH THE CONTENT
PRESENTED ON OUR PLATFORM IS OBTAINED, AND THE INHERENT HAZARDS OF
ELECTRONIC DISTRIBUTION, THERE MAY BE DELAYS, OMISSIONS OR INACCURACIES IN
SUCH CONTENT AND THE PLATFORM. THE GROUP DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE
PLATFORM WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT THE SITE OR THE SERVERS
THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
FURTHERMORE, THE GROUP DOES NOT GUARANTEE THAT YOU WILL BE ABLE TO ACCESS
OR USE THE PLATFORM (INCLUDING ANY OF THE SUBSCRIPTIONS) AT ALL TIMES OR
LOCATIONS OF YOUR CHOOSING, OR THAT THE GROUP WILL HAVE ADEQUATE CAPACITY
FOR THE PLATFORM AS A WHOLE OR IN ANY GEOGRAPHIC LOCATION. THERE MAY BE
4
GEOGRAPHIC LOCATIONS IN WHICH THE PLATFORM (INCLUDING THE SUBSCRIPTIONS)
MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE.
THE GROUP WILL NOT BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY IN THE EVENT OF ANY FAILURE OF, OR
DAMAGE OR DESTRUCTION TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEMS, DATA, RECORDS OR ANY PART
THEREOF, OR FOR DELAYS, LOSSES, ERRORS OR OMISSIONS RESULTING FROM YOUR USE
OF THE PLATFORM OR FROM THE FAILURE OR MISMANAGEMENT OF ANY
TELECOMMUNICATIONS, COMPUTER EQUIPMENT OR SOFTWARE, OR FOR ANY OTHER
TECHNICAL PROBLEMS, SYSTEM FAILURES AND MALFUNCTIONS, COMMUNICATION LINE
FAILURES, EQUIPMENT OR SOFTWARE FAILURES OR MALFUNCTIONS, SYSTEM ACCESS
ISSUES, SYSTEM CAPACITY ISSUES, HIGH INTERNET TRAFFIC DEMAND, SECURITY
BREACHES AND UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, AND OTHER SIMILAR COMPUTER PROBLEMS
AND DEFECTS. THE GROUP WILL NOT BE RESPONSLE FOR ANY INABILITY TO ACESS THE
PLATFORM OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, WHETHER RESULTING FROM ANY TECHNICAL
MALFUNCTION, GEOGRAPHICAL LIMITATION OR SUCH OTHER REASON.
6. Use and Access
Your use of the Platform requires certain electronic equipment, such as a computer, mobile
phone and internet connection. You shall be solely responsible for providing and maintaining
the means by which you use the Platform. You shall be responsible for all access and service
fees necessary to connect to the Platform and assume all charges incurred by your use of such
connectivity services. You further assume all risks associated with the use and storage of
information on your personal computer, mobile device or any other computer or device through
which you will gain access to the Platform (hereinafter referred to as “Computer”).
You represent and warrant that you have implemented and will continue to maintain
appropriate protection in relation to the security and control of your Computer and any
information and data included therein.
You will not in any way, whether directly or indirectly, expose the Group or any of its online
service providers to any computer virus or other similarly harmful or inappropriate material or
device.
7. Your Account
Access to certain features of the Platform may require you to set up an account on the Platform
(an “Account”). As part of the registration, you may be required to provide certain personal
data, such as your full name, email address, password, and phone number (the “Registration
Credentials”). Alternatively, for your convenience, you can register via your account with
certain social media sites such as Facebook, Apple or Google (or such other social media sites
available at the date of your registration) (the “Third Party Account(s)”). For the avoidance of
doubt, we retain the right to remove the ability to register or login to the Platform through any
of the aforementioned Third Party Account, and in such event you may be asked to reregister
through a different method. You undertake that your Registration Credentials are accurate,
truthful and updated. We reserve the right to block the creation of your Account based on our
inability to confirm the authenticity of your Registration Credentials. Please see our Privacy
Policy for more information about logging in to your Account either by providing your
Registration Credentials or via a Third Party Account.
You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your email address and
password and you must immediately notify us of any actual or suspected unauthorized use of
your Account. You are solely responsible for all activity and usage of your Account, including,
5
but not limited to, use of the Account by any third party authorized by you to use your email
address and password. We permit you to maintain only one Account to access the Platform at
any time and you hereby represent that you currently have no other Account(s). We reserve
the right to close your Account, in our sole discretion, at any time without notice.
8. Closing Your Account
You may close your Account at any time by unsubscribing in the manner described
at https://www.investing.com/unsubscribe . You must complete the unsubscribing process in
the manner described therein. Upon completion of the unsubscribing process, you will receive
an automated confirmation via e-mail that the request was received, and your Account will be
closed immediately.
9. Newsletter and Third-Party Communications
By registering to the Site and creating an Account, you agree to receive periodic email
newsletter updates that will include content, news, and information which may be of interest
to you. Additionally, you acknowledge that you may receive promotional emails from thirdparty advertisers with offers or products that we believe may be relevant to you. You can optout of these communications at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in
the emails, or through the “Email Settings” section of your Account profile on the Site.
When you subscribe to our Subscription, you consent to being readded to our ongoing
newsletter mailing list, even if you previously unsubscribed from such newsletter. Our ongoing
newsletters provide valuable information tailored to enhance your subscription experience,
ensuring you don't miss any pertinent updates or features related to your service. You can optout of these communications at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in
the emails, or through the “Email Settings” section of your Account profile on the Site.
10. Limitations on Use
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing or anything else set forth herein, your use of
the Platform is subject to the following restrictions:
a) Any use of the Platform shall be solely for your own personal use only. You are strictly
prohibited from using any portion of the Platform for any commercial or business purposes.
b) You may not sell, rent, lease, distribute, redistribute, license, publicly perform or display,
publish, edit, create derivative works from, copy, modify, or otherwise make unauthorized
use of the Platform, the Content or our trademarks, logos, brand names or any other similar
identifying mark, or any copyright or proprietary notices incorporated into the Platform or
the Market Information (collectively “Marks”), without the Fusion Media’s prior explicit
written consent (which may be given or refused at its sole discretion on a case by case
basis);
c) You shall not access or use the Platform or the Content in order to build a similar or
competitive service. You are expressly forbidden from employing any automated system
or software to extract data for content from this website for any purpose. This includes, but
is not limited to, scraping, data mining, robot or spider programs, and other automatic
devices, tools, or processes to access, extract, download, or copy any data or information
from the website. Without derogating from the above, you shall not otherwise violate other
users' or third parties' rights to privacy, publicity and other rights, by collecting, harvesting,
indexing or aggregating, data and information about other users or third parties without
6
their consent, whether manually or automatically, with the use of any means, or engage in
testing, penetration testing, sniffing or monitoring of the Platform, or our systems, software
or hardware in any way;
d) You are prohibited from using the Platform or Content in any way which may promotes
illegal activities, or the violation of any local, state, national, or international law or
regulation, including, without limitation, laws governing intellectual property and other
proprietary and data protection rights (including, but not limited to, patents, trademarks,
trade secrets, copyrights, or any confidential, proprietary or trade secret information of any
third party), information protection and privacy, including, but not limited to, content which
disseminates another person's personal information without his or her permission;
e) You shall not disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer any part of the Platform;
f) You shall not impersonate any person or entity or otherwise misrepresent affiliation,
connection or association with any person or entity, or use any fraudulent, misleading or
inaccurate contact information;
g) You may not remove, circumvent, disable, damage or otherwise interfere with any features
of the Platform or the Content, or interfere with, corrupt, or disrupt the operation or
performance of the Platform or the ability of any other person to use them (including,
without limitation, by attempting to degrade the performance of the servers in any way);
h) You must not circumvent any measures employed by the Group to prevent or restrict
access to the site or any portion thereof, including, without limitation, any paywall or any
features that enforce limitations on the use of the Platform or the Content.
i) You may not use the Platform in connection with material, content or information which
could deem to be offensive, inaccurate, incomplete, abusive, obscene, objectionable,
defamatory, libelous, fraudulent or deceptive, indecent, pornographic, profane,
threatening, advocating harassment or intimidation, distressing, vulgar, hateful, malicious,
harmful for minors, racially or ethnically offensive, advocating racism, bigotry, hatred or
physical harm of any kind against any group or individual, or disparaging the religious,
political, or legal agenda of any person or entity, or is otherwise inconsistent with these
Terms including any of our related policies.

11. User Content
Throughout your use of the Platform you may have several opportunities to publish or submit
User Content (as defined below). By publishing any User Content you hereby irrevocably agree
to the rules and instructions detailed below.
“User Content” means any and all information and content that you or any other user submits
to us, in connection with your or their use or the Platform, including, without limitation, forum
comments, sentiments published and user articles.
You are solely responsible for any User Content created by anyone using your Account (“Your
User Content”), its accuracy and compliance with applicable laws, regulations and these
Terms and Conditions. You assume all risks associated with the use of Your User Content,
including, without limitation, any reliance on its accuracy, completeness or usefulness by
others, or any disclosure of Your User Content that makes you or any third party personally
identifiable.
You hereby represent and warrant that: (a) You are the sole owner of Your User Content, or
have sufficient rights and authority thereto; (b) Your User Content does not violate these Terms
and Conditions and/or any applicable laws or regulations; (c) Your User Content does not
contain any virus, adware, spyware, worms, or other harmful or malicious code; and (d) your
7
User Content is not offensive, inaccurate, incomplete, abusive, obscene, objectionable,
defamatory, libelous, fraudulent or deceptive, indecent, pornographic, profane, threatening,
advocating harassment or intimidation, distressing, vulgar, hateful, malicious, harmful for
minors, racially or ethnically offensive, advocating racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of
any kind against any group or individual, or disparaging the religious, political, or legal agenda
of any person or entity, or is otherwise inconsistent with our policies.
All User Content will be public and viewable by any other person through the Site. The User
Content may be indexed by third party search engines, such as Google, and therefore may be
available through such search engines or appear as a search result on such search engines.
The Group is not obligated to backup any User Content and User Content may be deleted at
any time. You are solely responsible for creating backup copies of Your User Content.
By posting or uploading User Content to the Platform, you hereby grant, to the Group an
irrevocable, nonexclusive, royalty-free and fully paid, worldwide license to reproduce,
distribute, publicly display and perform, prepare derivative works of, incorporate into other
works, and otherwise use Your User Content, and to grant sublicenses of the foregoing. You
agree to irrevocably waive (and cause to be waived) any claims and assertions of moral rights
or attribution with respect to User Content. You hereby represent and warrant that you have
the right to grant to the Group the aforementioned license.
If you provide the Group any feedback or suggestions regarding the Platform, including in
connection with any Testimonial (as defined below) provided by you (“Feedback”), you hereby
irrevocably assign to the Group all rights in the Feedback and agree that the Group (directly or
through any other party) shall have the unlimited right to use such Feedback and related
information in any manner it deems appropriate and that you will not be entitled to any
consideration or compensation with respect to such use. Fusion Media will treat any Feedback
you provide to Group as non-confidential and non-proprietary. You agree that you will not
submit to the Group any information or ideas that you consider to be confidential or proprietary,
or that are the confidential or proprietary information of any third party.
The Group does not, and is not required to, review or screen any User Content uploaded,
except as and to the extent required by applicable law. Notwithstanding the above, the Group
reserves the right, at its sole discretion to review any User Content, investigate, and/or take
appropriate action against you, in its sole discretion. Such action may include removing or
modifying Your User Content, terminating your account, and/or reporting you to law
enforcement authorities.
The Group does not control User Content provided by other users which you may encounter
throughout the Site, nor shall Group be responsible for any User Content. The Group makes no
guarantees and no warranties regarding the accuracy, currency, suitability, non-infringement
or quality of any User Content. Your interactions with other users of the Platform are solely
between you and such users. You agree that Fusion Media will not be responsible for any loss
or damage incurred as the result of or in connection with any such interactions. If there is a
dispute between you and any user, The Group is under no obligation to become involved in its
resolution or in any other manner whatsoever.
Please view our Comment Guidelines and our Editorial Guidelines for additional information.
Testimonial Program: The Group may, from time to time, invite you to participate in a product
testimonial program. Participation in such program shall be your choice, at your sole discretion.
If you choose to participate in such program, you will be asked to provide a testimonial in
connection with your experience using any specific Subscription Product, as designated by
the Group (the “Testimonial”). The Group may determine specific guidelines and criteria for
such Testimonial program. For example, such guidelines can include the: 1) the specific
8
Subscription Product regarding which the Testimonial shall be provided; 2) the media through
which your Testimonial will be provided, e.g., in writing, video, live interview with a Group
representative, etc.; 3) the minimum/maximum length of the Testimonial; 4) additional
instructions for the content of the Testimonial; 5) such other criteria determined by the Group.
The Group may decide to grant participants of the testimonial program a gift card or other
reward, to thank you for your participation in the program. If the Group decides to grant such
reward, you will only be entitled to it if your Testimonial meets the Group’s criteria.
Prior to the obtaining the Testimonial from you, the Group may review your usage of the
Subscription Product or the Site in order to tailor the interview discussion and Testimonial to
your specific experience. The Testimonial may be published on the Site and its affiliated
platforms or on the Group’s marketing materials, alongside a photograph of Yourself, as
provided by you. Notwithstanding the above, the Group will not be required to publish your
Testimonial, and will have full discretion to decide whether to publish your Testimonial or not.
Furthermore, the Group will be entitled to remove your Testimonial at any time, without
providing you any prior notice (written or otherwise). You hereby understand that your
Testimonial may be minorly edited by the Group, for length, grammar and clarity.
12. Legal Restrictions
Without limiting the foregoing, you understand that laws and regulations regarding financial
contracts and services may vary throughout the world, and it is your sole obligation to ensure
that you fully comply with any law, regulation or directive, applicable to your country of
residence with regards to the use of the Platform. The ability to access our Platform does not
necessarily mean that our Platform or your activities via the Platform, are legal under the laws,
regulations or directives applicable to your country of residence.
The Platform do not constitute, and may not be used for the purposes of, an offer or solicitation
to anyone in any jurisdiction in which such an offer or solicitation is not authorized, or to any
person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. Access to the Platform, and
the offering of financial contracts via our Platform, may be restricted in certain jurisdictions,
and, accordingly, users accessing our Platform are required to inform themselves of, and to
observe, such restrictions.

13. Links to Third Party Sites and Use of Third Party Software
The Platform contain advertisements to third party websites and services operated by third
parties other than the Group (the “Third Party Advertisers”). Such advertisements may
include, without limitation, ad banners, webinars, offers to register to third party services,
“trade now” buttons, directories, sponsored articles, press releases, or such other hyperlinks
throughout the Site, and may also include email communications including third party offers
(the “Ads”). You acknowledge that the Group may be compensated by the Third Party
Advertisers for such advertisements, including compensation which is based on your
interaction or engagements with the advertisements or services.
Such hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience. you agree not to hold the
Group responsible for the content or operation of such websites. An advertisement on the Site
for another website or third-party service provider does not imply that the Group endorses
such third party or any content on that website or the operator or operations of that website.
The Group is in no way involved in operating the third party websites and services offered
therein, and they are subject to separate terms and conditions, privacy policy, copyright
notices and license provisions. You are solely responsible for determining the extent to which
you may use any content or such website. The Group does warrant that Third Party Advertisers
9
are licensed or regulated in you jurisdiction, and it is your obligation to ensure that any Third
Party Advertiser you engage with is properly licensed.
Furthermore, certain parts of the Platform contain third-party software, including but not limited
to “open source” software. Use of third-party software or third party site may be governed by
separate terms and conditions, privacy policy, copyright notices and license provisions, which
shall be made available to you, as applicable, either by Group or by such third-party software
provider. You shall not use, and shall indemnify and hold Group harmless for any such use by
or on behalf of you, in a manner which infringes the rights of any third-party or which is in
contravention to these Terms and Conditions and/or any specific license terms
You agree not to hold Fusion Media, its officers, directors or employees and their affiliates,
liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as a result of any such use of third party
software or services by you or any of your affiliates.
FUSION MEDIA, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS OR EMPLOYEES AND THEIR AFFILIATES, HAVE
NO LIABILITY TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTIES IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCE WITH RESPECT TO
ANY ENGAGEMENT OR TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND ANY THIRD PARTY ADVERTISER.
14. Market Information
The Group may make available to you through one or more of its Platform a broad range of
financial information data and other products that are generated internally, or obtained from
agents, vendors, stock exchange or partners, or using certain AI tools (“Third Party
Providers”) such as MSCI LIMITED (“MSCI”). This includes, but is not limited to, financial
market data, quotes, news, analyst opinions, research reports, graphs and data (“Market
Information”).
Market Information provided on the Platform is not intended as investment advice or a
recommendation to make (or refrain from making) any kind of investment decision and may
not be relied on as such. Credit ratings are statements of opinions and are not statements of
fact. A reference to a particular investment or security, a rating or any observation concerning
an investment that is part of the Market Information is not a recommendation to buy, sell or
hold such investment or security, does not address the suitability of an investment or security
and should not be relied on as investment advice. Group does not endorse or approve the
Market Information, and we make it available to you only on an “AS IS” basis, only for your
internal use and not for any commercial purpose. Neither Fusion Media nor any of its Third
Party Providers (such as MSCI), any affiliates involved in or related to compiling, computing
or creating the Market Information (i) make any express or implied warranties or
representations with respect to the Market Information or the results to be obtained by the use
thereof, (ii) guarantee the accuracy, adequacy, timeliness, completeness, timeliness,
availability, non-infringement, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, or correct
sequencing of the Market Information, or warrant any results from your use or reliance on the
Market Information, and (iii) is responsible for any errors or omissions (negligent or otherwise),
regardless of the cause, or for the results obtained from the use of such Market Information.
Historical data and analysis should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of any future
performance, analysis, forecast or prediction. You assume the entire risk of any use it may
make or permit to be made of the Market Information. Without limiting any of the foregoing, in
no event shall Fusion Media or any other Third Party Provider or any of its affiliates or any other
person involved in or related to compiling, computing or creating the Market Information (i)
have any liability for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, punitive, consequential or any other
damages, costs, expenses or losses (including, without limitation, lost profits and opportunity
10
costs or lost income) in connection with any use of the Content, even if notified of, or if it might
otherwise have anticipated, the possibility of such damages.
Market Information may quickly become unreliable for various reasons including, for example,
changes in market conditions or economic circumstances. Neither Fusion Media nor the Third
Party Providers are obligated to update any information or opinions contained in any Market
Information, and we may discontinue offering Market Information at any time without notice.
You agree that neither Fusion Media nor the Third Party Providers are liable in any way for the
termination, interruption, delay or inaccuracy of Market Information. You will not “deep-link”,
redistribute or facilitate the redistribution of Market Information, nor will you provide access to
Market Information to anyone who is not authorized by us to receive Market Information.
With regard to any Market Information displayed on the Platform, you are prohibited from, and
hereby represent and warrant that you shall not: (i) copy, store, sell, license, distribute,
reproduce, transmit or duplicate to any third party or to any person any Market Information or
any part thereof in any form or by any means, without obtaining prior written consent, on a
case by case basis, from Fusion Media and/or any of the applicable Third Party Provider; (ii)
make the Market Information available on any website or in an application, or available to the
public via the internet or otherwise; (iii) use the Market Information for the purpose of creating
and/or operating (directly or by any third party) any financial product, index or service, or in
any other manner without Fusion Media or its applicable Third Party Providers' permission; (iv)
use or remove any of the Marks and you hereby acknowledge that Fusion Media or its
applicable Third Party Providers are the owners of the intellectual property rights in, and
relating to, the Market Information any Marks; (v) use the Market Information in any way or for
any purpose that would require a separate license from Fusion Media or its applicable Third
Party Providers or any other person; and (vi) permit, or purport to permit, any third party to do
any of the foregoing.
15. Artificial Intelligence (AI) Content and Tools
The Group may provide you with tools and content and any other Market Information generated
by or with the assistance of using certain artificial intelligence tools ("AI Tools"). While we
strive to ensure that AI generated content is accurate and relevant, we make no representations
or warranties of any kind concerning its completeness, accuracy, reliability, or suitability for
any specific purpose. All AI Tools are provided on an "as-is" basis for informational and
educational purposes. You acknowledge that AI-generated content may not reflect current
information or developments and should not be relied upon as the sole basis for making
decisions. By using this platform, you agree that we shall not be held responsible or liable for
any actions taken based on AI-generated content. We encourage users to verify any
information independently and consider seeking professional advice where appropriate.
Please note that any and all disclaimers regarding the Platform, the Content and any Market
Information will also apply to any Content created by using any AI Tools.
16. Subscriptions
While some of the content, tools and products provided by us are provided free of charge, we
also offer you a paid subscription which includes certain access to advanced features and
tools (the “Subscription”). Such Subscription may include, among others, InvestingPro,
InvestingPro+, ProPicks, Ad-free service, and other products that the Group may offer from
time to time. Any Subscription purchased by you will be governed by these Terms.
Your initial paid Subscription period will commence immediately after you finalize your
Subscription (unless you are receiving a Free Trial (as defined below), in such case your
11
Subscription will commence immediately upon the expiration of your Free Trial period). You
will be given access to the Subscription products immediately after your payment account is
billed the applicable Subscription Fee (as defined below).
ONCE YOU COMPLETE YOU SUBSCRIPTION TO THE PLATFORM, YOU WILL NOT BE
ENTITLED TO ANY REFUND IN CONNECTION WITH THE SUBSCRIPTION FEE ALREADY PAID
BY YOU. YOU CAN CANCEL YOUR AUTO-RENEWAL AT ANY TIME. SEE HERE FOR MORE
INFORMATION. BY SUBSCRIBING, YOU CONSENT TO RECEIVING IMMEDIATE ACCESS TO
THE SUBSCRIPTION, AND YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU WAIVE ANY RIGHT OF
WITHDRAWAL YOU MAY HAVE.
In order to subscribe, you must designate a payment method and provide accurate billing and
payment information (which you must keep up to date as long as you use the Subscription)
and you agree to pay the applicable subscription fees set forth on the Site and/or App (the
“Subscription Fee”).
If the Subscription includes a third-party product or service, you understand and agree that
your purchase and use of such services is also subject to the policies and guidelines of such
third party, including their terms of service and privacy policy, which you should read
thoroughly before agreeing to them. The Group assumes no liability or responsibility on such
products or services that are provided by a third party.
a. Individual User.
By purchasing a Subscription you hereby acknowledge that you are an individual, and not a
business or corporation. The Subscriptions are available only for individuals, and the Group
does not allow the purchase of any subscriptions by any businesses or corporations.
Furthermore, as stated above, all use of Subscription is solely for personal use, and use of the
Subscription for any commercial or business use shall be strictly prohibited.
b. Auto-Renewal.
When you subscribe to the Platform, you acknowledge and agree that your Subscription will
automatically renew at the end of each billing cycle, unless you cancel your Subscription prior
to the renewal date. The renewal will be for the same duration as the original Subscription
period, and your chosen payment method will be automatically charged the Subscription fee
at the beginning of the renewed billing cycle, unless otherwise specified at the time of
purchase. You may cancel your auto-renewal at any time through your account settings or by
contacting our customer support team at support@investing.com. However, no refunds will be
provided for partial billing periods or unused Subscriptions. You will be charged so long as
your Subscription remains active, even if you have not downloaded or used such Subscription
or accessed your Account.
Please ensure your account information is up to date to receive important updates and avoid
disruptions to your Subscription.
Unless otherwise stated herein or with respect to any specific terms that may apply to any
specific Subscription product, your Subscription will be automatically renewed at the thencurrent price, excluding promotional and discount pricing, unless we notify you (including via
email or through the Platform) of a rate change prior to your auto-renewal, in which case you
will have the right to cancel the renewal of your subscription.
We may, in our sole discretion, post charges to your payment method individually or aggregate
charges for some or all of your Subscriptions with us. Every Subscription period to which you
have subscribed and the charges for any renewed period are made automatically through the
12
payment service provider you have initially used to purchase the initial Subscription, or through
another payment service provider used by us at such time, as shall be elected by us in our sole
discretion.

c. Payment.
In order to purchase any Subscription, you will be required to make the payments specified in
the dedicated offering page. Certain additional charges may also apply to you, for example,
payment processing fees or other related charges. The Subscription Fee may include VAT,
sales tax or other taxes and fees, if applicable. You are required to pay any applicable taxes
relating to any purchases you make. In certain jurisdictions, you may be independently required
to remit any VAT (or other tax) amounts resulting from your Subscription to the local tax
authorities directly. Should such requirement apply to you, you are solely responsible for
complying with such requirement, and the Group shall not be liable for such VAT (or other tax)
payments.
Payments will be processed through the payment method chosen by you from the options
available to you at checkout. Such payment methods may include credit card, PayPal wallet
and such other other methods we make available, such as Google Pay, Apple Pay, and if you
purchase your subscription through the mobile application, payment will be processed by the
relevant mobile app marketplace (e.g. Google Play, Apple App Store). You must provide
accurate billing information, and promptly update any changes to it (such as card numbers and
expiry dates). You undertake that you are the owner of the payment method used by you. We
reserve the right to use other third-party payment processing services for such purposes in
the future, and/or to migrate any required data to other providers as necessary in order to
maintain the continuity of the Subscription and related payments.
In order to process your payment, we my transfer your personal information with certain third
parties, including without limitation, payment processors. This may include your contact
information, (e.g., your name, email, billing address, and identity number), your financial
information (e.g., credit card number, bank account and payment amount) and any other
information necessary in order to complete the purchase of any Subscription.
Furthermore, you acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for all charges incurred
under your Account, including purchases made through your Account or any sub-or linked
accounts (including, without limitation, any person with implied, actual, or apparent authority
or anyone who gains access to your Account for any reason, including your failure to safeguard
your authentication credentials ). You authorize and direct us to charge your designated
payment method for these charges or, if it fails, to charge any other payment method you have
on file with us, even if we received it in association with other products you are responsible for
all charges even if your payment method fails or is denied. Without derogating from the
generality of the foregoing, we may: (i) import payment information you entered during a prior
purchase and provide you the option to use that payment information during purchase of a
new product. You permit us to obtain and use updated information from the issuer of your
payment method in accordance with the policies and procedures of any applicable card
brands; and/or (ii) continue charging a payment method past its expiration date at our
discretion and subject to the approval of payment processors or issuing bank. Surcharges may
apply if you use certain payment methods, such as payment from your checking or savings
account.
13
d. No Refunds.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary (but subject to any applicable law), all charges for
the Subscriptions are non-refundable.
You may cancel your auto-renewal at any time, up to 24 hours prior to the billing date, through
your account settings or by contacting our customer support team at support@investing.com.
If you cancel your auto-renewal, this means that after the subscription expires, your
subscription will not be renewed, and you will not be charged for an additional subscription
period. Your paid subscription will continue to be active until its expiration date, and you will
not be entitled to any refund for the Subscription Fee already paid by you. More information
on cancellation of the auto renewal can be found here.
e. Free Trials.
We may offer you, from time to time, free trials for certain products, so that you may try one
or more of our Subscriptions without charge or obligation (“Free Trial”). Upon the completion
of the Free Trial, your Subscription will be automatically renewed, and the periodic subscription
fees will be charged at the then-applicable rate upon expiration of the Free Trial period, unless
you cancel your subscription prior to the expiration of the Free Trial (or unless otherwise
stated). Once the Free Trial expires, and the Subscription is renewed, it will be considered a
Subscription for all intents and purposes, and all sections pertaining to such Subscription will
apply.
If you are not satisfied with a particular Subscription, you must cancel the subscription before
the Free Trial ends to avoid charges. We reserve the right to limit you to a maximum number
of Free Trials or promotions of a Subscription and to prohibit the combining of Free Trials and
other promotional offers.
f. Termination.
We, in our sole discretion, may change, discontinue or terminate any or all aspects of a
Subscription without notice, including access to support, content and/or other products
ancillary to the Subscription.
g. Change in Fees and Billing Method.
We may change our fees and billing methods at any time. We will provide you with notice via
email of any price increase at least thirty (30) days in advance. Subject to applicable law: (i) if
you disagree with any proposed change, your sole remedy is to cancel your Subscription
before the price change takes effect; and (ii) your continued use of you Subscription after the
price change takes effect constitutes your agreement to pay the new price for the Subscription.
h. Delinquency.
After 30 days from the date of any unpaid charges, your Subscription will be deemed
delinquent and we may terminate or suspend your Account and Subscription for nonpayment,
without derogating from any other remedy that we may have. In such case, you will also be
liable for any fees, including attorney and collection fees, incurred by us in our efforts to collect
any remaining balances from you.
14
i. Notice Period.
You must notify us in writing about any billing problems or discrepancies within 90 days after
they first appear on your billing method statement. If you do not bring them to our attention in
writing within 90 days and specifying the reason for such discrepancy or problem, you waive
your right to dispute such problems or discrepancies.
j. Fraud Protection.
We may take steps to verify the validity of the credit card or other payment method information
you provide to us, including debiting amounts of $1.00 or less from your credit card and then
immediately crediting it back. You authorize us to do so for verification and anti-fraud
purposes.

17. Special Condition Regarding Specific Products
These special conditions (the “Special Conditions”) set forth specific terms which apply to
specific products offered through the Site. The Special Conditions constitute an integral part
of the Terms and Conditions. In the event of a conflict between a provision of these Special
Conditions and any provision of the Terms and Conditions, then the Special Conditions shall
prevail.

a. ProPicks AI Strategies
Without detracting from the above, ProPicks AI Strategies is one of the various tools offered
by us as part of your Subscription. Using our AI model or any other models, Fusion Media may
make available to you, a tool that systematically analyzes historical stock data with the intent
to identify stocks that may have the potential to be profitable in the future (“ProPicks
Strategies”).
The information that may be presented as part of ProPicks Strategies is provided for general
informational purposes only, and should not be considered as investment, legal, tax,
accounting, or other advice. Such information (i) will also be deemed as “Market Information”
(as defined below) for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions; and (ii) does not represent
a recommendation to buy or sell any stock or other financial instrument, nor does it reflect the
views of the Group, its affiliates or anyone on their behalf. We take no responsibility for the
results of any investment made by you based on the information provided by ProPicks
Strategies, and you alone assume sole responsibility for any investment made by you. We are
not a licensed securities dealer, broker, investment adviser, or investment bank and we urge
you to consult your broker or investment advisor before making any investment.
The ProPicks Strategies’ performance is derived from backtested historical data and does not
represent actual investments or their results. Backtested and historical performance do not
indicate or guarantee future outcomes. Therefore, you should not assume that future
performance of any ProPicks Strategy will be profitable or similar to corresponding past
performance levels and you should take into account that any investment, including any
investment made based on any ProPicks Strategy, has a potential for loss. Backtested results
are based on certain assumptions related to the market and our analysis of past results,
including without limitation, that an investor would have been able to acquire the securities
recommended by the model, and that there is consistent market liquidity. Deviations from these
assumptions can substantially affect the backtested returns. We do not give any warranty
regarding the assumptions taken in the model, including, without limitation, that such
assumptions are reasonable, sufficient or correct. Our backtesting models are based on data
15
sourced from third party data providers, and we do not guarantee that this information is
accurate or complete. Furthermore, these data points, formed in hindsight, do not account for
actual trading influences or unforeseen economic and market events. Moreover, since these
are not real trades, the results might not account for certain market factors, and may not reflect
the potential impact of various economic conditions. Backtesting can be adjusted until past
returns seem optimal, so real-world results may differ. Although the results include factors like
reinvested dividends, they may not always reflect other aspects like potential transaction costs
or other fees, which may affect the return. In addition, no cash balances or cash flows are
included in these calculations. While actions have been taken to minimize biases, these biases
cannot be eliminated and may affect real world results. In light of the above, users should take
caution when considering making any investments based on the aforementioned strategies
and results.
It is prohibited to use, store, reproduce, display, modify, transmit or distribute any of the data,
information, or Content made available as part of Propicks Strategies without our explicit prior
written permission (on a case by case basis). All intellectual property rights are reserved by
the providers and/or the exchange providing the data contained in our Website.
For any further questions regarding Propicks Strategies, you can review frequency asked
questions published here.
b. WarrenAI Chatbot Disclaimer
The following disclaimer is to inform you of the limitations and usage guidelines of the WarrenAI
chatbot available on the Site. Please read this disclaimer carefully before using WarrenAI,
together with all other Terms herein. By continuing to use WarrenAI you hereby agree to the
disclaimer below or to General T&Cs. If you do not agree with any part of the disclaimer below
or Terms, please refrain from using WarrenAI. For further assistance or questions, please
contact Support at: support@investing.com.
• Beta Product: WarrenAI is currently a beta version which is still undergoing final testing
before official release. The primary purpose of this beta release, is to obtain your
feedback on the product’s performance and identification of any defects. By providing
any feedback or suggestions to Investing.com (“Feedback”), you hereby irrevocably
assign to such Feedback to Investing.com, all as further detailed herein
• General Information: WarrenAI is a chatbot, generated using AI. The responses and
information provided by WarrenAI are not reviewed or vetted by any person in the
Investing.com content or editorial teams. Investing.com cannot guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, or up-to-date nature of the information provided through WarrenAI. We
recommend that you use the responses as a starting point for your research, and that
you verify and validate all information provided by WarrenAI through public sources.
• No Advice or Recommendations: Information provided by WarrenAI is provided solely
for general informational purposes, for your convenience. Information provided by
WarrenAI is not financial advice or recommendations. We strongly urge you to seek
advice from a licensed financial advisor before making any financials decisions.
• User Responsibility: You bear sole responsibility for your interactions and reliance on
the information provided by WarrenAI. Please exercise caution and use your discretion
while interpreting and acting upon WarrenAI’s responses.
• No Liability: WarrenAI is provided “AS IS” without warranty of any kind, including
without limitation, any warranty as to performance, non-infringement of third party
rights, merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose. You bear the entire risk arising
16
out of the use or reliance on WarrenAI. In no event shall Investing.com be liable for any
damage whatsoever arising out of the use of or inability to use WarrenAI, including
without limitation, any direct, indirect, consequential, exemplary, special, incidental or
punitive damages, or damages for lost data or lost profits, even if Investing.com has
been advised of the possibility of such damages.
• Data Privacy and Security: We prioritize the privacy and security of your information.
Be aware that WarrenAI conversations may be reviewed by our content team to improve
results. Do not share any sensitive or personal information in your conversations, as
your WarrenAI conversations may be used to train AI models.
c. Investing Challenges
The Investing Challenges tool is not operated by the Group, but by Roundwave CY LTD, which
is a third-party provider of the Group. Roundwave CY LTD is a Cypriote company, registration
number 463387, address Kremastis Rodou 62, Limassol, Cyprus. Roundwave CY LTD is not a
licensed broker. Investing Challenges is not a brokerage, and any purchases made through
Investing Challenges should not be regarded as investments or deposits.
Any information provided through Investing Challenges is provided for you general
informational purposes only, and does not serve in any way as a specific investment
recommendation, business recommendation, investment opportunity analysis or similar
general recommendation regarding the trading of financial instruments. Simulated Trading is
not fully regulated, and is not directed at residents in any country or jurisdiction where such
products are contrary to local laws or regulations. For any further information regarding the
Investing Challenges platform and tools, please contact support@investingchallenges.com.
d. Webmaster Tools
The Group makes certain trading and investment tools (the “Tools”) available to you on
https://www.investing.com/webmaster-tools/. Such Tools can integrate within your website
via the HTML code available (the “Code ”).
ALL INFORMATION AND DATA MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE TOOLS ARE PROVIDED ON AN “ASIS” BASIS, FOR GENERAL INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY, AND ARE NOT INTENDED FOR
ACTUAL TRADING PURPOSES OR MARKET ADVICE. Certain information and data made
available via the Tools is obtained from Third Party Providers (as defined above), and the
Group does not and cannot guarantee or represent that any of the information and data made
available via the Tools is real-time, accurate, complete, current or appropriate for your needs.
The Group is entitled to make any modifications to the Tools, or to any content or data
incorporated therein, or to discontinue any of the foregoing, at any time, and without providing
you with any prior notice. The Group may integrate advertisements and links third party
websites within the Tools, or to links to other Investing.com Products. The Group does not
endorse such advertisements, content or services which are provided on third party’s websites
accessible via the Tools, and any use of the foregoing is subject to a separate engagement
between you and such third party. You will not modify, remove, change, edit, amend, alter,
cover, hide, block, obscure, bypass or reorder any aspect of the advertisements and links
which are referred to above.
You will not be entitled to any compensation in connection with the integration of the
advertisement within the Tools or otherwise.
the Group and its employees, officers, directors, affiliates, agents or licensors will not be liable
to you or any third party for any financial loss, lost profits, any special, incidental or
17
consequential damage or any other similar damage or any other loss or injury, incurred as a
result of delays, informational errors, inaccuracy or incompleteness of the information and data
provided in the Tools or any actions taken in reliance thereon, or for the advertising or content
and services which are provided on third party websites accessible via the Tools.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Group grants you a non-exclusive,
non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable and limited license to access and use the
Tools solely for your personal, non-commercial use (the “Tools License”). However, if you
wish to use the Tools for commercial purposes, you must obtain the Group’s prior written
consent. For such consent, please contact us as: tools@investing.com. Such commercial use
may be conditioned on you executing a separate agreement with Fusion Media, paying a use
fee and agreeing to such other terms determined by the Group. The Group has sole discretion
in deciding whether to allow your commercial use of the Tools.
The Licenses are conditional on your full and continued compliance with these Terms and
Conditions. You agree not to resell or permit access to the Tools to others, and not to copy any
materials appearing on the Tools for resale to others or for any other purpose without the prior
consent of the Group. You agree not to use the Tools for any unlawful purpose. The Licenses
will terminate if you fail to comply with any term or condition of these Terms and Conditions.
Upon such violation, you agree to cease making use of the Tools. You agree that the Group, at
its sole discretion and with or without notice, may terminate your access to any or all Tools,
and remove and discard any information or content within the Tools at any time, including
during the Trial License.
Notwithstanding the grant of the Licenses, you agree and acknowledge that all right, title and
interest in and to the Tools, the Code and all information and data made available therein
including (but not limited to) trademarks, links, signs, trade names, logos, domain names,
images, pictures, graphics, photographs, animations, videos, music, audio and text belong to
Fusion Media, its affiliates and/or the Third Party Providers (as applicable) and are protected
by copyright and/or other intellectual property rights and/or other rights.
You are not permitted to make any alterations whatsoever to the Code including but not limited
to alterations which hide or obscure advertisements and links to Fusion Media or third party
websites accessible via the Tools, or any other copyright notices of the Group, including any
Investing.com logo, trade name or trademark. Without derogating the generality of the above,
you may not circumvent any mechanism included in the Code and/or Tools which is intended
to prevent unauthorized reproduction or distribution or otherwise misuse of the Tools. Without
prejudice to any other right, the Group is entitled to immediately block use of the Tools by you
in the event that you breach or we suspect that you breach any of the provisions of these
Terms and Conditions.
You will post to your website an appropriate privacy policy containing notice of the cookies
used within the Tools, abide by the terms of such a privacy policy and comply with any and all
applicable laws and regulations relating to the collection of information from visitors to your
website on which Tools are being utilized.
Nothing in these Terms and Condition will create any obligation on the Group to pursue or
consummate any business or other relationship with you.
18. Force Majeure
The Group will not be liable in any way for any failure or delay in the Platform or fulfillment of
obligations under these Terms and Conditions due to causes beyond Fusion Media's
reasonable control ("Force Majure Event”), including, without limitation, any damage or
destruction to your computer systems, data or records or any part thereof, or for delays, losses,
18
errors or omissions resulting from the failure or mismanagement of any telecommunications or
computer equipment or software. Force Majure Events include, but are not limited to, acts of
God, Cybersecurity breaches, labor disturbances, sabotage, supplier failures, acts of the public
enemy, war, invasion, insurrection, riot, fire, storm, flood, ice, earthquake, explosion, epidemic,
machinery or equipment breakage, accidents, orders, regulations, restrictions imposed by
authorities, or emergency repairs on the Group property or equipment.
19. Technical Problems
You understand that while the Internet and the World Wide Web are generally reliable, technical
problems or other conditions may delay or prevent you from accessing certain areas of the
Platform or may prevent us from providing the Platform. Without derogating from anything else
herein, neither the Group nor any their shareholders, officers, agents, employees and service
providers will be responsible for an impossibility to access any of the Platform, execute orders
and requirements due to failures in the operation of informational systems caused by technical
faults, which are beyond its control.
20.Trademarks and Copyrights
All rights, titles and interests in and to the Platform, all products and tools provided thereunder,
the Content, the Marks, Market Information, including but not limited to the “Investing.com”
and “Fusion Media” trademarks, services marks, trade names, and logos are owned by Fusion
Media, or its affiliates, or other licensors and are protected by copyright and trademark laws,
and international treaties.
You agree not to delete any copyright notices or other indications of protected intellectual
property rights from materials, information, content or data that you print, download or
otherwise export from the Platform. You will not obtain any intellectual property rights or any
right or license to use such materials or the Platform, other than as expressly set out in these
Terms and Conditions.
Images displayed on the Platform are either the property of Fusion Media, its affiliates or its
licensors. You agree not to upload, post, reproduce or distribute any information, software or
other material protected by copyright or any other intellectual property right (as well as rights
of publicity and privacy) without first obtaining the permission of the owner of such rights and
the prior written consent of Fusion Media (on a case by case basis).
Nothing contained on the Platform may be construed as granting, by implication, estoppels, or
otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark without the written permission of Fusion
Media and/or any third party that may own the trademarks. Your use of trademarks, or any
other Content or Market Information of the Platform, except as provided herein, is strictly
prohibited.
If you believe that any element of the Platform, is unlawfully infringing the copyright(s) in a
copyrighted material or other intellectual property rights, and wish to have the allegedly
infringing material removed, the following information in the form of a written notification
(pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)) must be provided to our designated Copyright Agent:
1. Your physical or electronic signature;
2. Identification of the copyrighted or other work(s) that you claim to have been infringed;
3. Identification of the material on the Platform that you claim is infringing and that you
request us to remove;
4. Sufficient information to permit us to locate such material;
19
5. Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
6. A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the objectionable material is
not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or under the law; and
7. a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of
perjury, that you are either the owner of the copyright that has allegedly been infringed
or that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
Please note that pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(f), any misrepresentation of material fact in a
written notification automatically subjects the complaining party to liability for any damages,
costs and attorney's fees incurred by us in connection with the written notification and
allegation of copyright infringement.
For any copyright related inquiries please contact us using the below details:
Email: Legal@investing.com
Address: Fusion Media Ltd., 3076 Sir Francis Drake's Highway, P.O. Box 3463, Road Town,
Tortola, British Virgin Islands
21. Notice to Users of the Mobile Application through an iOS Devide
If you are using the Platform through our mobile application on an iOS device, you acknowledge
that this agreement is between you and Fusion Media, not Apple Inc. (“Apple”). Apple is not
responsible for the app, its content, or the products provided. Apple has no obligation to
provide maintenance or support for the app. In the event of any failure of the app to conform
to applicable warranties, you may notify Apple, and Apple may refund any applicable purchase
price. To the maximum extent permitted by law, Apple has no further warranty obligations with
respect to the app, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, or expenses
attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty is the responsibility of Fusion Media.
Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims from you or any third party relating to the
app or your possession and/or use of the app, including but not limited to (a) product liability
claims, (b) any claim that the app fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory
requirement, or (c) claims arising under consumer protection, privacy, or similar legislation.
Apple shall not be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement, or discharge of any
third-party claim that the app infringes on a third party's intellectual property right.
By using the app, you agree to comply with any applicable third-party terms when using the
app. Apple and its subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of this agreement, and upon your
acceptance of the terms of this agreement, Apple will have the right to enforce this agreement
against you as a third-party beneficiary.
You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country subject to a U.S. Government
embargo or designated as a "terrorist supporting" country and (ii) you are not listed on any
U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
In-App Purchases on iOS:
• Payments for in-app purchases will be charged to your Apple account at the time of
purchase.
• Subscriptions and auto-renewable in-app purchases will renew automatically unless
auto-renew is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the current period. Your
account will be charged within 24 hours prior to the end of the current subscription
period.
20
• You may manage or cancel subscriptions by adjusting your Apple account settings after
purchase.

22.Breach
You agree to fully indemnify, defend and hold harmless Fusion Media, its affiliates and their
respective officers, directors, shareholders and employees immediately upon demand from
and against all claims, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including
legal fees and other charges whatsoever, howsoever caused, that may arise as a result of or
in connection with: (i) any breach or suspected breach of these Terms and Conditions by you
or (ii) violation by you of any law or the rights of any third party, or (iii) any action or omission
taken by you in connection with the use of any of the Platform.
Without prejudice to any other rights in these Terms and Conditions, if you breach in whole or
in part any provision contained herein, Fusion Media or any of its affiliates which provide the
Platform to you reserve the right to take such action as they see fit, including (but not limited
to) terminating any agreement in place with you, terminating or blocking all or any portion of
the Platform made available to you and/or taking legal action against you.
23.Governing Law and Court Jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales without
regard to conflicts of law principles thereof. This is the case regardless of whether you reside
or transact business with Fusion Media anywhere else in the world. In no event will you bring
claims against us under the laws of another jurisdiction.
YOU AGREE THAT YOU MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST FUSION MEDIA ONLY IN YOUR
INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED
CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING AS TO ALL DISPUTES.
If any part of these Terms and Conditions are held unlawful, void or unenforceable, that part
will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining
provisions.
Exclusive Court Jurisdiction: You agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of
the courts located in London, England to settle any dispute, which may arise in relation thereto.
24.Disclosures
The Platform is offered by Fusion Media Limited (and its affiliates), under the following details:
Fusion Media Ltd., registered in the British Virgin Islands, Registration Number: 1442989, 3076
Sir Francis Drake's Highway, P.O. Box 3463, Road Town, Tortola, the British Virgin Islands
25. Miscellaneous
Fusion Media may assign its rights in the Platform to any third party at its sole discretion. You
may not assign or delegate your rights according to this Agreement, without the Group's prior
written consent.
Failure to assert, at any time, any right, or require performance with regard to these Terms and
Conditions by or on behalf of Fusion Media or any Third Party Provider shall not constitute
concession, yield, waiver or relinquishment of any sort, and shall not limit any of their rights
with respect to such breach or any subsequent or other breaches.
21
Fusion Media reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to periodically amend or revise these
Terms and Conditions. Your continued use of the Platform, following such amendment,
constitutes your acknowledgement and consent of such amendments. The last revision will be
reflected in the “Last revised” heading below.