Terms of Use- Jagranjosh Education Portal
Quick Links
School & Boards
College Admission
Govt Jobs Alert & Prep
Current Affairs
GK & Aptitude
General Info
About Us
Contact us
Advertise with Us
Our Policies
Privacy Policy
Subscription Policy
Terms of Use
This website follows the DNPA's code of conduct
Terms of Use
User  Agreement
These Terms of Use govern your use of the  websites, content and other services offered through
https://www.jagranjosh.com
(“Site”) You  (the user) agree to access "the site", subject to the terms and  conditions of use as set out here.
JPL(Jagran Prakashan Ltd.) may add to or change or update these  Terms of Use, from time to time entirely at its own discretion. You are  responsible for checking these Terms of Use periodically to remain in  compliance with these terms. Your use of a Site after any amendment to the  Terms of Use shall constitute your acceptance of these terms and you also agree  to be bound by any such changes/revisions.
Changes
JPL reserves the right to suspend / cancel,  or discontinue any or all channels, products or service at any time without  notice , make modifications and alterations in any or all of the content,  products and services contained on the site without prior notice.
Charges
JPL reserves the right to charge  subscription and / or membership fees from a user, by giving reasonable prior  notice, in respect of any product, service or any other aspect of this Site.
Copyright  and Trademarks
Unless otherwise stated, copyright and all  intellectual property rights in all material presented on the site (including  but not limited to text, audio, video or graphical images), trademarks and  logos appearing on this site are the property of JPL, its parent,  affiliates and associates and are protected under applicable Indian laws. You  agree not to use any framing techniques to enclose any trademark or logo or  other proprietary information of JPL; or remove, conceal or obliterate any  copyright or other proprietary notice or any credit-line or date-line on other  mark or source identifier included on the Site / Service, including without  limitation, the size, color, location or style of all proprietary marks. Any  infringement shall be vigorously defended and pursued to the fullest extent  permitted by law.
Limited  Permission to Copy
JPL grants you permission to only access  and make personal use of the Site and You agree not to, directly or indirectly  download or modify / alter / change / amend / vary / transform / revise /  translate / copy / publish / distribute or otherwise disseminate any content on  JPL’s Site / Service, or any portion of it; or delete or fail to display any  promotional taglines included in the Site / Service either directly or  indirectly, except with the express consent of JPL. However, you may print or  download extracts from these pages for your personal / individual,  non-commercial use only. You must not retain any copies of these pages saved to  disk or to any other storage medium except for the purposes of using the same  for subsequent viewing purposes or to print extracts for personal / individual  use.
JPL forbids you from any attempts to resell  or put to commercial use any part of the Site; any collection and use of any  product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of the Site or  its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit  of any other merchant; any renting, leasing, or otherwise transferring rights  to the Site / Service; displaying the name, logo, trademark or other identifier  of another person in such a manner as to give the viewer the impression that  such other person is a publisher or distributor of the Service on the Site, or  any data gathering or extraction tools; or any use of meta tags. You may not  (whether directly or through the use of any software program) create a database  in electronic or structured manual form by regularly or systematically  downloading and storing all or any part of the pages from this site.
No part of the Site may be reproduced or  transmitted to or stored in any other web site, nor may any of its pages or  part thereof be disseminated in any electronic or non-electronic form, nor  included in any public or private electronic retrieval system or service  without prior written permission. Requests to republish JPL’s material for  distribution should be addressed to contact@jagranjosh.com
Individual Registration, Access and  Exchange of Information
For certain services such as personal web  pages, contests and shopping, registration by the visitor is required. To  register for these services you have to open an account by completing the  registration process (i.e. by providing us with current, complete and accurate  information as prompted by the applicable registration form). You also will  choose a password and a user name. You are entirely responsible for maintaining  the confidentiality of your password and account. By registering, you agree to  the following terms in addition to any other specific terms which shall be  posted at an appropriate location of the Site. Each registration is for a  single individual user only.
To access these services, you will be asked  to enter your individual User Name and Password, as chosen by you during your  registration. Therefore, we do not permit any of the following:-
Any  other person sharing your account and Password;
Any  part of the Site being cached in proxy servers and accessed by individuals who  have not registered with JPL as users of the Site; or
Access  through a single account and Password being made available to multiple users on  a network.
If JPL reasonably believe that an account  and Password is being used / misused in any manner, JPL shall reserve the right  to cancel access rights immediately without notice, and block access to all  users from that IP address.
Furthermore, you are entirely responsible  for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree to notify JPL  immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of  security. JPL will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of  someone else using your password or account. However, you could be held liable  for losses incurred by JPL or another party due to someone else using your  account or password.
No  unlawful or prohibited use
As a condition of your use of the Services,  you will not use the Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by  these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use the Services in any  manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any JPL’s server, or  the network(s) connected to any JPL server, or interfere with any other party's  use and enjoyment of any Services. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized  access to any Services, other accounts, computer systems or to any of the  Services, through hacking, password mining or any other means. You may not  obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not  intentionally made available through the Services.
Material  Posted/transmitted at JPL’s Site
All information, data, text, software,  music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages or other materials  (“Content”), whether publicly or privately transmitted / posted, is the sole  responsibility of the person from where such content is originated (the  Originator). By Posting any material which contain images, photographs,  pictures or that are otherwise graphical in whole or in part  ("Images"), you warrant and represent that (a) you are the copyright  owner of such Images, or that the copyright owner of such Images has granted  you permission to use such Images or any content and/or images contained in  such Images consistent with the manner and purpose of your use and as otherwise  permitted by these Terms of Use and the Services, (b) you have the rights  necessary to grant the licenses and sublicenses described in these Terms of  Use, and (c) that each person depicted in such Images, if any, has provided  consent to the use of the Images as set forth in these Terms of Use, including,  by way of limitation, the distribution, public display and reproduction of such  Images.
You represent that you have valid rights  and title in any and all Content/Images that you submit on the Site, that you  have not infringed on any IPR belonging to any party and further that you will  indemnify JPL or its affiliates for all claims arising out of any content that  you post on the Site.
JPL accepts no responsibility for the said  Content / Images. However, you understand that all Content / Images posted by  you becomes the property of JPL and you agree to grant/assign to JPL and its  affiliates, a non-exclusive, royalty free, perpetual, irrevocable and sub-licenseable  right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative  works from, distribute, perform and display such Content / Images (in whole or  part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or  technology now known or later developed throughout the world”.
Limitations  of Liabilities
Under No circumstances will JPL be held  responsible or liable, in any way, for any content which in Legal opinion is  derogatory, threatening, defamatory, obscene or offensive or offends public  sensibilities or morals and shall also not assume liability for any errors or  omissions in any content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a  result of the use of any content posted or uploaded on the Site, or any infringement  of another's rights, including intellectual property rights. You specifically  agree that JPL is not responsible for any content sent using and/or included in  JPL’s site/service by any third party.
Termination  of Account
JPL reserves its right to refuse service,  restrict, suspend,terminate your account; (Terminate this Agreement; Terminate  or suspend your access to the JPL’s Web Sites; Refuse, move or remove for any  reason any Content / Image that you submit on or through the Services; Refuse,  move, or remove any Content / Image that is available on or through the  Services; Deactivate or delete your accounts and all related information and  files in your account; Establish general practices and limits concerning use of  the Services) at any time and, remove or edit contents or cancel orders  (entered by you) in its sole discretion with or without cause, and with or  without any prior notice for any violation of the Terms of Use. Upon such  termination or suspension, your right to use the JPL’s Web Sites will  immediately cease.
You can also terminate your account at any  time but your information may remain stored in archive on our servers even  after the deletion or the termination of your account.
User  Conduct and Obligations
You hereby agree and assure JPL that the  Site/Services shall be used for lawful purposes only and that you will not  violate laws, regulations, ordinances or other such requirements of any  applicable Central, State or local government or any other international laws.  You further concur that you will not, through Site/Service:
post,  distribute, or otherwise make available or transmit any software or other  computer files that contain a virus trojan horses, time bombs, bots, botnets,  malicious content, content theft, data manipulation, threats or any other  harmful programs or elements or component;
delete  from the Site any legal notices, disclaimers, or proprietary notices such as  copyright or trademark symbols, or modify any logos that you do not own or have  express permission to modify;
not  use the Site / Service in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or  impair and not to undertake any action which is harmful or potentially harmful  to any JPL’s server, or the network(s), computer systems / resource connected  to any JPL server, or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the  Site/Service;
obtain  or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not  intentionally made available through the Site/Service;
engage  in any activity that causes / may harm minors; or
perform  any activity which is likely to cause such harm;
impersonate  any person or entity, including, but not limited to, JPL’s official, forum  leader, guide or host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation  with a person or entity;
take  any action which encourages or consists of any threat of harm of any kind to  any person or property;
carry  out any "denial of service" (DoS, DDoS) or any other harmful attacks  on application or internet service or;
make  any inappropriate, illegal or otherwise prohibited communication to any  Newsgroup, Mailing List, Chat Facility, or other Internet Forum;
use  the Site/Service for illegal purposes;
disrupt,  place unreasonable burdens or excessive loads on, interfere with or attempt to  make or attempt any unauthorized access to any JPL website or the website of  any JPL’s customer;
transmit  through the Site, any unlawful, harassing, libelous, abusive, threatening,  harmful, vulgar, obscene, libelous, hateful, or racially, ethnically or  otherwise objectionable material of any kind or nature. This includes text,  graphics, video, programs or audio, etc.;
collect  or attempt to collect personally identifiable information of any person or  entity without their express written consent and you shall maintain records of  any such written consent throughout the terms of this agreement and for a  period of 2 years thereafter;
engage  in antisocial, disruptive, or destructive acts, including "flaming,"  "spamming," "flooding," "trolling," and  "griefing" as those terms are commonly understood and used on the  Internet
forge  headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of  any content transmitted through the Site.
upload,  post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or  unauthorised advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail,"  "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes,"  duplicative messages or any other form of solicitation.
encumber  or suffer to exist any lien or security interest on the subject matter of this  Agreement; or
make  any representation or warranty on behalf of JPL.
You agree not to post, distribute, transmit  or otherwise make available any data, text, message, computer file, or other  material that infringes and/or violates any right of a third party or any  domestic or international law, rule, or regulation, including but not limited  to:
infringement  of any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other proprietary rights  of any third party, including, but not limited to, the unauthorized copying of  copyrighted material, the digitization and distribution of photographs from  magazines, books, or other copyrighted sources, and the unauthorized  transmittal of copyrighted software;
right  of privacy (specifically, you must not distribute another person's personal  information of any kind without their express permission) or publicity;
any  confidentiality obligation.
Unless otherwise permitted, you will: (i)  display the Service on your Site in the exact form received by you, and not  modify or edit any of the foregoing without JPL’s prior written consent; (ii)  ensure that the fundamental meaning of the Service is not changed or distorted;  (iii) comply with all applicable laws and all limitations and restrictions (if  any) placed by JPL on the use, display or distribution of any Service and (iv)  not archive any of the Service for access by users at any future date after the  Service has been removed from your Web site. You acknowledge that the service  must link and redirect to the appropriate JPL’s Web page when a user clicks on  the Service (e.g. a headline). You shall not display the Service in such a  manner that does not allow for successful linking and redirection to, and  delivery of, JPL’s Web page, nor may you frame any JPL’s Web page.
No Controlling Spam Policy or Unsolicited E-mails
You will not use any communication tool or  other means available on the Site to transmit, directly or indirectly, any  unsolicited bulk communications (including emails and instant messages). JPL  will not sell, lease or rent its e-mail subscriber lists to third parties. You  may not harvest information about users of JPL for the purpose of sending or to  facilitate the sending of unsolicited bulk communications. We may terminate  your access or use of the Site immediately, with or without any notice, and  take any other legal action if you, or anyone using your access details to the  Site, violates these terms. We may adopt any technical remedy (including any  filtering technology or other measures) to prevent unsolicited bulk  communications from entering, utilizing or remaining within our computer or  communication networks. Such filtering technology or other measures may block,  either temporarily or permanently, some e-mail sent to you through the JPL’s  Web Sites.
Disclaimer  of Warranties and Liability
JPL and its parent, affiliates and  associates shall not be liable, at any time for any, direct, indirect,  punitive, incidental, special, consequential, damages (including, without limitation,  damages for loss of business projects, damage to your computer system or  damages for loss of profits, damages for loss of use, data or profits, arising  out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of the JPL’s  sites/services, with the delay or inability to use the JPL’s sites/services or  related services, the provision of or failure to provide services, or for any  information, software, products, services and related graphics obtained through  the JPL sites/services, or otherwise arising out of the use of the JPL  sites/services) arising in contract, tort or otherwise from the use of or  inability to use the Site, or any of its contents, or from any act or omissions  a result of using the Site or any such contents or for any failure of performance,  error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or  transmission, computer virus, communications line failure, theft or destruction  or unauthorised access to, alteration of, or use of information contained on  the site. No representations, warranties or guarantees whatsoever are made by JPL  as to the (a) accuracy, adequacy, reliability, completeness, suitability or  applicability of the information to a particular situation; (b) that the  service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free; (c) the quality  of any products, services, content, information, or other material purchased or  obtained from the website will meet your expectations or requirements; or (d)  any errors in the website will be corrected.
Links  to Other Sites
All the contents of this Site are only for  general information or use. They do not constitute advice and should not be  relied upon in making (or refraining from making) any decision. Any specific  advice or replies to queries in any part of the Site is/are the personal  opinion of such experts/consultants/persons and are not subscribed to by this  Site. The information from or through this site is provided on "AS  IS" basis, and all warranties and conditions, expressed or implied of any  kind, regarding any matter pertaining to any goods, service or channel,  including without Certain links on the Site lead to resources located on  servers maintained by third parties, these sites of third party(s) may contain JPL’s-logo,  please understand that it is independent from JPL, over whom JPL has no control  or connection, business or otherwise as these sites are external to JPL. You  agree and understand that by visiting such sites you are beyond the JPL’s  website. JPL, therefore neither endorses nor offers any judgement or warranty  and accepts no responsibility or liability for the authenticity, availability,  suitability, reliability, accuracy of the information, software, products,  services and related graphics contained, of any of the goods/services/or for  any damage, loss or harm, direct or consequential or any violation of local or  international laws that may be incurred by your visit and/or transaction/s on  these site(s), as the same is provided on "as is" without warranty of  any kind. JPL gives no warranty and makes no representation whether expressed  or implied, that the information contained in this site is error free. JPL  shall not be responsible nor liable for any consequential damages arising on  account of your relying on the contents of the advertisement. Before relying on  the material, users should independently verify its relevance for their  purposes, and should obtain any appropriate professional advice.
Material  Submitted by Users
Certain elements of the Site will contain  material submitted by users. JPL accepts no responsibility for the content,  accuracy, conformity to applicable laws of such material. You will indemnify  and hold harmless JPL against all third party claims, demands and actions  brought against JPL which arises from or relates to the material submitted by  you.
Advertising  Material
Part of the Site contains advertising  information or promotion material or other material submitted to JPL by third  parties. Responsibility for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion on  Site complies with applicable International and National law is exclusively on  the party providing the information/material. Your correspondence or business  dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers other than JPL  found on or through the Website, including payment and delivery of related  goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or  representations associated with such dealings, are solely between You and such  advertiser. JPL will not be responsible or liable for any claim, error,  omission, inaccuracy in advertising material or any loss or damage of any sort  incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of  such non-JPL advertisers on the Website. JPL reserves the right to omit,  suspend or change the position of any advertising material submitted for  insertion. Acceptance of advertisements on the Site will be subject to these  terms and conditions.
Data  Protection
JPL may send information and offer products  and services to you from time to time. For further details relating to our  policy relating to such offer please refer to our privacy statement.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, JPL reserves the right to disclose any  information in response to / that it is required to be shared, disclosed or  make made available to any governmental, administrative, regulatory or judicial  authority under any law or regulation applicable to JPL.
Further, JPL can (and you authorize JPL to)  disclose your name, street address, city, state, zip code, country, phone  number, email, and company name to Intellectual Property right's owners, as we  in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an  investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other  unlawful activity.
By continuing to our website, you agree to let your data be shared with third party vendors, including but not limited to, colleges, for purposes that include, but are not limited to, admission and marketing.
Email/Mobile Number Authorization
By submitting your mobile number and email id you agree that the submitted credentials belong to you and authorize JPL to send you updates, password, results and other communication via calls or SMS(Short Message Service) or email on the credentials provided by you even if your mobile number is registered on DND or any other prohibited list.
Relationship
None of the provisions of the User  Agreement shall be deemed to constitute a partnership or agency between you and  JPL and you shall have no authority to bind JPL in any manner, whatsoever.
Force  Majeure
JPL shall have no liability to you for any  interruption or delay, to access the Site irrespective of the cause.
Indian  Law
The Agreement shall be governed by the Laws  of India. The Courts of law at Delhi/New Delhi shall have exclusive  jurisdiction over any disputes arising under this agreement.
Entire  Agreement
These Terms of Service constitute the  entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof  and supersedes and replaces all prior or contemporaneous understandings or  agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject matter.
Right  to remove inappropriate messages
We reserve the right to remove any messages  we deem to be inappropriate, i.e, racist, sexist or threatening. Messages using  inappropriate language will also be removed. We do not wish to be censors, but  our forums must remain civilized and respect the rights of others.
Limited  time to bring your claim
You and JPL agree that any cause of action  arising out of or related to the JPL’s web sites, only, must commence within  one (1) year after the cause of action accrues otherwise, such cause of action  will be permanently barred.
Acceptance  of Privacy Policy
By using JPL’s sites and services, you  signify your acceptance of this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree or are  not comfortable with any policy described in this Privacy statement, your only  remedy is to discontinue use of JPL sites. We reserve the right, to modify this  Privacy Statement at any time.
General  Terms
Rights and obligations under the Terms  which by their nature should survive will remain in full effect after  termination or expiration of the Terms.
Any express waiver or failure to exercise  promptly any right under the Terms will not create a continuing waiver or any  expectation of non-enforcement.
If any provision of the Terms is held  invalid by any law or regulation of any government, or by any court or  arbitrator, the parties agree that such provision will be replaced with a new  provision that accomplishes the original business purpose, and the other  provisions of the Terms will remain in full force and effect.
Notice  of Copyright Infringement
JPL is not liable for any infringement of  copyright arising out of materials posted on or transmitted through the site,  or items advertised on the site, by end users or any other third parties. Our  policy is to comply with all Intellectual Property Laws and to act  expeditiously upon receiving any notice of claimed infringement. If you believe  that your work has been reproduced on this website in a manner that constitutes  copyright infringement, please provide a notice of copyright infringement  containing all of the following information:
(a)A physical or electronic signature of a  person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner for the purposes of  the complaint.
(b)Identification of the copyrighted work  claimed to have been infringed.
(c)Identification of the material on our  website that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing  activity.
(d)The address, telephone number or e-mail  address of the complaining party.
(e)A statement that the complaining party  has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is  not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law.
(f)A statement, under penalty of perjury,  that the information in the notice of copyright infringement is accurate, and  that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the  right that is allegedly infringed.
All notices of copyright infringement  should be sent to: contact@jagranjosh.com
Copyright Notice
Copyright ©2016 Jagran Prakashan Limited.. All  rights reserved.
This disclaimer/terms of service  notification is subject to change without notice.
Popular Searches
ICC Under 19 World Cup Winners List
WPL Winners LIst 2026
Under 19 World Cup 2026 Winner
PNB Apprentice Recruitment 2026
IB Security Assistant Admit Card 2026
SSC GD Slot Booking Date 2026
India Posts GDS Apply Online 2026
RRB Assistant Loco Pilot Admit Card 2026
jee main 2026 result date
Important Days in February 2026
Latest Education News
ICMAI CMA Result December 2025 LIVE: Download Inter, Final Result Scorecard at icmai.in; Result Link Active Shortly
just now
List of Highest Individual Scores in the T20 World Cup
16 mins ago
230 Marks in JEE Main 2026: Expected Percentile, Rank, Qualification Status, and College Options
17 mins ago
EPFO 3.0: New UPI Withdrawal App, Easy PF Acess And Other Details
19 mins ago
SPPU Result 2026 OUT: सावित्रीबाई फुले यूनिवर्सिटी  रिजल्ट unipune.ac.in जारी, यहां से करें चेक
21 mins ago
99% Fail To Spot 1 Difference In This Bathroom Sink Scene In 27 Seconds! Can You?
26 mins ago
Sawalkote Hydroelectric Project
28 mins ago
Optical Illusion Test: Only 5 in 100 Can Find the Koala in 11 Seconds!
27 mins ago
Top 5 High-Demand IT Jobs in India 2026: Check Salary & Skill Requirements
28 mins ago
What is the Tallest Building in Cincinnati? Top 5 Skyscraper Rankings for 2026
29 mins ago
JEE Mains Result Session 1 2026 Live: JEE Results Releasing Soon, Check Date, Final Answer Key Download, Toppers List and more
27 mins ago
Maharashtra Class 12 HSC English Question Paper with Answer key 2026, Download PDF
28 mins ago
Assam Voter List 2026: How to Check and Search Your Name Online?
27 mins ago
IB Security Assistant Admit Card 2026 OUT - Download Tier 2 Exam Hall Ticket PDF at mha.gov.in
28 mins ago
NEET PG Counselling 2025 के फाइनल राउंड के एलोटमेंट का शेड्यूल जारी, 16 फरवरी से शुरू होंगे रजिस्ट्रेशन
28 mins ago
BSE Odisha OAV Result 2026 Expected Today: Download OAVET/OMAVET Entrance Exam Scores at bseodisha.ac.in; Link Active Shortly
28 mins ago
Which University Is Best For MBA In The World?
29 mins ago
दुनिया का सबसे लंबा अजगर, गिनीज वर्ल्ड रिकॉर्ड में दर्ज
28 mins ago
Which Private Engineering Colleges in Maharashtra Have High Placements?
28 mins ago
Which Engineering Branch Has the Lowest Cutoff at IITs?
27 mins ago
Trending in GK
:
SIR Form Fill Online
February 2026 Calendar
Bharat Taxi
Quote of the day
WPL Winners List
Top Trends
:
SHE Marts Mission
UGC NET December Result 2025
ugcnet.nta.ac.in
Under-19 World Cup Winners
RRB  Admit Card 2026 ALP
Global Trends
:
Under 19 World Cup 2026 Winner
WPL 2026 Winner
Subhas Chandra Bose Quotes
Venezuela President List
US States and Captials
Trending Results
:
KVS Answer Key 2026
TNTET Result 2026
RSMSSB 4th Result 2026
TG TET Response Sheet 2026
SSC CGL Answer Key
Trending in News
:
jeemain.nta.nic.in 2026
RMS CET Result 2026
OAV Result 2026
NEET UG 2026 Notification
NEET UG 2026
Trending in School
:
CBSE Date Sheet 2026
CBSE Date Sheet 2026 Class 12
CBSE Date Sheet 2026 Class 10
School Holidays Feb 2026
JEE  Main 2026 Response Sheet
Trending in Colleges
:
Management Development Program of IIM
List of 10 Oldest Universities in India
Indian Council of Social Science Research
NIT Warangal Offers Free GATE 2026 Coaching
Best IIMs in India 2025
Trending in Exams
:
SBI CBO Apply Online 2026
HPSC Exam Calendar 2026
SSC GD Slot Booking Date 2026
SSC MTS Admit Card 2026
OSSTET Syllabus 2025
Trending in Jobs
:
RRB NTPC Exam Date 2026
RRB Group D Answer Key 2026
UPSC OTR Registration 2026
CTET Answer Key 2026
RRB ALP Admit Card 2026
Popular Categories
:
Current GK
Current Affairs 2026
Sarkari Result
Jagran Josh
Board Results 2026
The Daily Jagran
About Us
Contact us
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Subscription Policy
Terms & Conditions
This website follows the DNPA's code of conduct
For any feedback or complaint, email to: compliant_gro@jagrannewmedia.com
In case of any data protection questions, please reach out to dpo@jagrannewmedia.com
Jagran Prakashan Ltd @
2026