Rules of Use for the Reservation Service for the Jalan.net Accommodation Facility, Etc.
Article 1. Application of these Rules
These Rules shall apply to all the acts engaged in by a user (“User”) (regardless of whether such User has registered as a member of jalan x hot pepper ("Member"); the same shall apply hereinafter) in the use of reservation service for the jalan.net accommodation facility, etc. (in accordance with the definition in the following Article; the "Services") through the Internet website "jalan.net" ("jalan.net") or the jalan.net reservation center operated and managed by Recruit Co., Ltd. (the "Company"). User shall use the Services after agreeing to these Rules.
→For the use of Overseas Facilities (in accordance with the definition set forth in the following Article), please make sure to also see the Special Clause Regarding the Use of jalan.net Overseas Facilities.
If there are various warnings informed by the Company through the Services ("Warnings"), the Warnings shall constitute part of these Rules.
The Company deems that User has agreed to follow these Rules through the use of the Services.
Article 2. Definition of Services and taking effect of Agreement
Services means the services enabling User to reserve by himself/herself through the Internet or the jalan.net reservation center, guest rooms or facilities ("Guest Rooms") which have been previously registered as posted facilities　(in accordance with the definition in the following paragraph). →For the use of Overseas Facilities (in accordance with the definition set forth in the following paragraph), please also see the Special Clause Regarding the Use of jalan.net Overseas Facilities.
Facilities such as hotels, and Japanese-style inns posted on jalan.net ("Posted Facility(-ies)"; hereinafter, the facilities located outside Japan which are included in the Posted Facilities shall be referred to as “Overseas Facility(-ies)”) provide services relating to the accommodation and the use of facilities, etc. ("Facility Services") at their own responsibility; and the Company shall have no involvement in the provision of the Facility Services.
When User applies for a reservation relating to the use of the Facility Services by himself/herself through the Internet, an agreement regarding the use of the relevant Facility Services between the Posted Facility and User (an accommodation agreement or a use agreement for the facility or services; hereinafter, simply "Usage Agreement") shall take effect at the time when a "reservation number" is issued on the computer system of jalan.net and clearly indicated on the screen of the Services for application for the relevant reservation. However, even if a "reservation number" has not been indicated on the screen of the computer of User due to any circumstances including communication circumstances or failure of the computer, though it has been issued, when User is able to confirm the reservation details by using the "reservation reference/change/cancellation" functions of jalan.net, a Usage Agreement shall take effect.
In the case of the preceding paragraph, the Company shall deliver a "reservation confirmation e-mail" stating a "reservation number" to an e-mail address designated by User in advance in order to certify the taking effect of a Usage Agreement; provided however, that, under no circumstances including cases where User cannot receive a "reservation confirmation e-mail" due to a reason not attributable to the Company such as communication situations or an error in the typing of the relevant e-mail address shall the taking effect of a Usage Agreement be affected by the foregoing.
When User applies for a reservation for the use of the Guest Rooms through the jalan.net reservation center, a Usage Agreement shall take effect between the Posted Facility and User at the time when an operator of the jalan.net reservation center notifies User of the "reservation number"; provided that, the jalan.net reservation center shall handle only the receipt of reservations relating to accommodation.
→For the use of Overseas Facilities, please also see the Special Clause Regarding the Use of jalan.net Overseas Facilities.
When a Usage Agreement takes effect between the Posted Facility and User in accordance with this Article, User shall be deemed to have agreed to assume all obligations including bearing the cancel charges separately determined by the relevant Posted Facility.
Article 3. Usage Charge for Services
User acknowledges that information relating to the status of vacant rooms and the charges for use of the Facility Services ("Usage Charge"), etc., provided by the Posted Facility may be different from the information provided on other media. The Usage Charge presented by the Posted Facility shall include national and local consumption taxes (collectively, “Consumption Taxes, Etc.”)*, while, service charges or various other taxes (e.g. hot-spring taxes, hotel taxes, etc.) may or may not be included in the Usage Charge.
→For the use of Overseas Facilities, please also see the Special Clause Regarding the Use of jalan.net Overseas Facilities.

* The amount of the Consumption Taxes, Etc. included in the Usage Charge for the use provided by the Posted Facility shall be, in principle, the amount of the Consumption Taxes, Etc. imposed supposing that User actually lodges on the day of reservation designated by User; provided, however, that in regard to the change in the applicable tax rates for the Consumption Taxes, Etc. which is due to come into force on April 1, 2014, there may be cases in which the Usage Charge based on the old tax rate is indicated even for transactions to which the new tax rate should, in principle, be applicable. In such case, in connection with the lodging, in addition to the Usage Charge indicated, the amount of difference from the usage amount calculated based on the new tax rate (i.e. the indicated price multiplied by three and divided by one hundred and five) shall also be paid. User is required to confirm with each Posted Facility concerning whether or not User has an obligation to make such additional payment. User is required to agree and acknowledge in advance that User will only make a reservation after understanding and accepting the foregoing.
User understands that the Usage Charge presented by the Posted Facility is subject to change. The Usage Charge after change shall only apply to User who enters into a Usage Agreement after such change, and the Usage Charge before such change shall apply to User who has entered into a Usage Agreement before such change.
If the Usage Charge changes after the taking effect of a Usage Agreement and User changes the reservation details thereafter, the Usage Charge after such change shall apply to such User; provided that, if the changed details are limited to both or either of the number of accommodation days and/or the number of rooms, the Usage Charge before such change shall apply to such User.
→For the use of Overseas Facilities, please also see the Special Clause Regarding the Use of jalan.net Overseas Facilities.
Article 4. Taking effect of a change or cancellation of a reservation; prohibition of cancellation without notice
In canceling a reservation for the Guest Rooms, User shall confirm the reservation details through the "reservation details reference screen" on jalan.net, and follow cancellation procedures on the Internet for a reservation made through the Internet, and via a reservation center for a reservation made through a reservation center.
→For the use of Overseas Facilities, please also see the Special Clause Regarding the Use of jalan.net Overseas Facilities.

If User who has made a reservation through the Internet tries to cancel after the expiration of the "time when a change can be made through the Internet" on the reservation details reference screen, such User shall directly notify the Posted Facility of such User's intention to cancel and promptly follow cancellation procedures.
→For the use of Overseas Facilities, please also see the Special Clause Regarding the Use of jalan.net Overseas Facilities.

However, if User is not a Member and loses the reservation number necessary for confirming his/her own reservation details, if an e-mail stating a reservation number and a confirmation key fails to reach such User due to any circumstances, or if confirming reservation details becomes difficult or impossible, such User shall request the Company to re-send an e-mail stating a reservation number and a confirmation key, and follow cancellation procedures promptly after receipt of such an e-mail.

If User fails to receive a reservation confirmation e-mail re-sent within the period designated by the Company due to any reasons, such User shall inquire the contact designated by the Company and follow cancellation procedures for the relevant Posted Facility.

If the relevant Posted Facility suffers any damage as a result of User failing to take such procedures, such User shall be responsible for indemnifying such damage.
If User cancels a reservation, a cancellation shall take effect at the time set forth in the following:
（1）If a Member cancels a reservation by himself/herself through the Internet: at the time when reservation details are deleted from the "point and reservation status reference screen" on jalan.net;
（2）If a non-Member cancels a reservation by himself/herself through the Internet: at the time when a notice of "reservation cancellation completed" is sent from jalan.net;
（3）If a reservation is cancelled through the jalan.net reservation center: at the time when an operator of the jalan.net reservation center notifies User of the completion of the reservation cancellation;
（4）If User directly notifies the Posted Facility and cancels a reservation: at the time when the Posted Facility notifies User of the acceptance of such reservation cancellation;
（5）If cancelled in a manner otherwise: at the time when the Company notifies User of the completion of reservation cancellation in accordance with the designated manner.
If it turns out that the relevant services cannot be used on the scheduled date of use of the Facility Services, User shall promptly notify the relevant Posted Facility of such, and follow the instruction of the relevant Posted Facility. If User is responsible for paying the cancellation charges to the relevant Posted Facility, such User shall pay the cancellation charge designated by the relevant Posted Facility in the designated manner and by the designated date.
If User fails to appear on the scheduled date of use of the Facility Services without any prior notice, and fails to use the relevant Posted Facility, the Company and the Posted Facility shall deem such failure as cancellation without notice, and may take necessary measures (including legal measures) such as the suspension of the use of all the services relating to jalan.net including the Services or cancellation of membership. User must pay the cancellation charge designated by the relevant Posted Facility in the designated manner and by the designated date.
→For the use of Overseas Facilities, please also see the Special Clause Regarding the Use of jalan.net Overseas Facilities.
If User changes a reservation that has taken effect, User may follow the procedures for such change on the Internet for a reservation made through the Internet, and via a reservation center for a reservation made through a reservation center. If User who has made a reservation through the Internet tries to change the reservation details after the expiration of the "time when a change can be made through the Internet" on the reservation details reference screen, such User shall directly notify the Posted Facility which User reserved, and promptly follow procedures for changing the reservation details.
→For the use of Overseas Facilities, please also see the Special Clause Regarding the Use of jalan.net Overseas Facilities.
However, if User has made a reservation by using online card settlement services of Softbank Payment Service Corp., and tries to change any item other than the items which can be changed, as separately determined by the Company, such User shall cancel the reservation and make a reservation again. User acknowledges that it is possible that he/she might not be able to make a reservation again after cancellation, depending on the status of vacant rooms on jalan.net.
If User changes a reservation, the change shall be complete at the time set forth in the following:
→For the use of Overseas Facilities, please also see the Special Clause Regarding the Use of jalan.net Overseas Facilities.
(1) If a Member changes a reservation by himself/herself through the Internet: at the time when the reservation details indicated on the "point and reservation status reference screen" on jalan.net are changed;
(2) If a reservation is changed through the jalan.net reservation center: at the time when an operator of the jalan.net reservation center notifies User of the completion of the change of the reservation details;
(3) If User directly notifies the Posted Facility of the change of a reservation: at the time when the relevant Posted Facility notifies User of the acceptance on the change of the reservation;
(4) If cancelled in a manner otherwise: at the time when the Company notifies User of the confirmation of the change of the reservation in accordance with the designated manner.
(5) Since a non-Member cannot make a change on the Internet, a non-Member shall cancel the relevant reservation and make the reservation again.　User acknowledges that he/she might not be able to make a reservation again after making a cancellation, depending on the status of the remaining rooms on jalan.net.
Cancellation charges designated by the relevant Posted Facility may be incurred depending on the date of taking the procedures for changing a reservation which has already taken effect. In this case, User must pay the cancellation charges in the manner and by the date designated by the relevant Posted Facility.
→For the use of Overseas Facilities, please also see the Special Clause Regarding the Use of jalan.net Overseas Facilities.
Even if User does not desire cancellation of a reservation, if the Company judges that the reservation details relating to the Facility Services by User conflict with laws or ordinances, or reasonably judges them inappropriate, the relevant Posted Facility shall have a right to cancel the relevant reservation.
Article 5. Matters to be Complied With by Users
Without the prior approval of the Company and the relevant Posted Facility, User shall not reproduce or transmit any information obtained by the use of jalan.net for any purpose other than for the purpose of User's own private use, and shall not otherwise allow such information to be used by any third party in any way.
If User intends to make a reservation at a Posted Facility which requires a reservation deposit, etc., User shall pay the reservation deposit, etc., by the due date for payment designated by the Posted Facility; provided, however, that even if User fails to pay the reservation deposit, etc., by the due date for payment designated by the Posted Facility, the reservation shall not be automatically cancelled.
User agrees in advance that, if, in the circumstance set forth in the preceding paragraph, User fails to pay the relevant reservation deposit, etc., despite the demand for payment of the reservation deposit, etc.,　made via e-mail, etc., to the contact address registered by User, or User cannot be contacted, then the Posted Facility shall have the right to determine that the reservation has been cancelled without notice; provided, however, that, the reservation shall be valid during the time that the Posted Facility has not notified User of the cancellation of the reservation.
User shall be responsible for directly performing the Usage Agreement with the Posted Facility, and shall make direct inquiries, requests, etc., to the Posted Facility regarding the Facility Services.
In addition to the preceding four paragraphs, User shall fully understand and comply with the terms and conditions, rules, etc., separately determined by the Posted Facility.
In using the Services, User shall not:
(1) Transmit or enter any information, pretending to be a third party;
(2) Use the Services other than in a manner approved by the Company;
(3) Transmit or enter any harmful computer program, etc., or transmit any spam e-mail, chain letter, junk mail, etc.;
(4) Commit any act that infringes or is likely infringe to any copyright or other intellectual property right of the Company or any third party;
(5) Slander, libel or defame the Company, any Posted Facilities or any third party;
(6) Disclose to others any information, document, diagram, etc., which includes any content against public order and morals;
(7) Register, whether intentionally or unintentionally, any false or defective information regarding the name, or the personal address, telephone number or e-mail address, credit card number, etc., of User or of any person who is to use the Facility Services;
(8) Fail to pay, for any reason, any reservation deposit, cancellation charge or Usage Charge invoiced by the relevant Posted Facility;
(9) Commit any act of disturbance against any Posted Facility, the Company or any third party, such as any act of violence at the Posted Facility;
(10) Make any reservation in a way that acknowledges User's inability to use the Facility Services, such as reserving multiple Posted Facilities for the same date(s).
(11) Make any reservation which is acknowledged as a reservation for resale to any other person or for commercial purposes; or
(12) Commit any other act which is in breach of, or likely to be in breach of any applicable law or regulation.
If any damage is incurred by the Company or any third party as a result of an act of User which is categorized as any one of the acts listed in the preceding paragraph, User shall assume full legal liability and shall hold the Company or such party harmless for such damage.
If the Company cancels any reservation for the Facility Services in accordance with Article 6, the relevant User shall pay a cancellation charge regarding the Posted Facility.
If User has any complaint regarding the content of the Facility Services, User shall make such complaint to the relevant Posted Facility immediately on the spot.
If User is a minor, User shall make any reservation subject to the consent of User's legal guardian. If User misrepresents that such User has the consent of his/her legal guardian or that such User is an adult, such act of making reservation may not be rescinded.
Article 6. Breach of Matters to be Complied With by Users
If User breaches any of the matters to be complied with as set forth in the preceding Article, or the Company otherwise determines any act of User to be incompatible with the operation of the Services, the Company reserves the right to cause User to cease such act, and cancel the Usage Agreement between User and the relevant Posted Facility, or delete the posted information, and may take necessary measures (including legal measures) against User, such as the suspension of the use of all the services relating to jalan.net including the Services, the disqualification of the membership, or the demand for the payment of damages.
If the Company presumes that User is in breach of the matters to be complied with as set forth in the preceding Article, or the Company otherwise reasonably determines any act of User to be incompatible with the operation of the Services, the Company may verify the details of such act with User.
Article 7. Use of the Bulletin Board
A Member may make contributions to the "Bulletin Board for Contributing Reviews　(Kuchikomi Toukou Keijiban) ("Bulletin Board") established by the Company within jalan.net, in accordance with the "Rules for Contributions of Reviews and Contributions Made by the Posted Facilities in Response to the Reviews" ("Contribution Rules") separately determined by the Company.
If there is any discrepancy between any provision of these Rules and any provision of the Contribution Rules, the provision of the Contribution Rules shall prevail in the application of any matter relating to the Bulletin Board.
Article 8. Copyright
Without the Company's prior approval, a user may not use any content provided via jalan.net, beyond the scope of the user's private use as set forth in the Copyright Act.
If there is any dispute as a result of a user's breach of any provision of this Article, the user shall be responsible for resolving the dispute at the user's own expense, and shall not cause damages to the Company or any third party.
Article 9. Change of the Posted Facilities
Posted Facilities may be changed (including additions of facilities and termination of participation; the same shall applies hereinafter) without prior notice to users,　for the convenience of the Company or the Posted Facility, and the users agree to this in advance.
If a Usage Agreement has been established between a user and a Posted Facility at the time of the termination of participation of the Posted Facility in accordance with the provision of the preceding paragraph, the Usage Agreement shall remain in force and the changes made to the Posted Facility shall not affect the Usage Agreement.
Article 10. Temporary Discontinuance of jalan.net and the Services
Where any of the following applies, the Company may temporarily discontinue the operation of jalan.net and the Services without any prior notice to the users:
(1) jalan.net is being maintained or changes are made to the specifications of jalan.net;
(2) An act of God or any other state of emergency has occurred or is likely to occur, which makes the operation of jalan.net and the Services impossible; or
(3) The Company determines that the temporary discontinuance of the Services on jalan.net is necessary for an unavoidable reason.

Article 11. Handling of Users' information
For the purpose of improving the convenience of Users in using the Services, creating statistical data and distributing information, the Company may collect an access log, the user ID, Beacon ID, Beacon signal strength, time of detection of the signal, terminal name, OS and ID for the Jalan.net app (hereinafter collectively referred to as "User Information"; pieces of User Information collected via smartphone, that is, information other than the access log shall be collectively referred to as "SP Acquisition Information") of Users who have consented to such collection on the smartphone app. User Information does not include personally identifiable information such as Users' name, e-mail address and credit card information.
The Company will not collect SP Acquisition Information if Users opt out on the smartphone app through the procedure designated by the Company.
The Company collects SP Acquisition Information with the use of the information collecting module embedded in the Services, which is supplied by Blogwatcher, Inc. (the "Module Provider"). The Company provides SP Acquisition Information to the Module Provider for the purpose of distribution of information to Users and analysis of the SP Acquisition Information.
For more information about the handling of the SP Acquisition Information by the Module Provider, please see "Handling of Collected Information".
Article 12. Indemnification of the Company
The Company shall have no obligation to investigate the business conditions, etc., of the Posted Facility.
The Company makes no warranty regarding the Facility Services, etc. Furthermore, any information regarding the Posted Facility, etc., is directly registered on jalan.net by the Posted Facility, and the Company makes no warranty as to the accuracy, completeness, usefulness, etc., of such information. If there is any problem between the user and the Posted Facility regarding the Facility Services, etc., the Company shall not be liable except where such problem is due to a cause attributable to the Company.
In the event of damages due to any loss, delay or erroneous transmission of information as a result of a natural disaster, congestion of lines, suspension of equipment owing to equipment failure or equipment maintenance, or the termination of the Posted Facility's participation, or due to any alteration or divulgence of information by a third party, or similar, the Company shall not be liable except where such damages are due to a cause attributable to the Company.
In addition to each of the preceding paragraphs, the Company shall not be liable for any dispute arising between a user and a Posted Facility regarding the Services, except where such dispute is due to a cause attributable to the Company.
If the Company is held liable in accordance with the provisions of any of the preceding paragraphs, the Company's liability shall be limited to direct and general damages, except where the Company has acted intentionally or with gross negligence.
Article 13. Modifications to the Rules
The Company may modify (including making additions or deletions; the same shall apply hereinafter) these Rules and the Warnings without any prior notice to the users. The users must make sure to check these Rules and the Warnings each time they use the Services.
If a user uses the Services after any modification is made to these Rules and the Warnings, the Company shall be considered to have agreed to the modified Rules and the modified Warnings.
Article 14. No Assignment of Rights or Obligations
A user may not assign to any third party or encumber his/her status as a user of the Services, or any rights and obligations arising from such status, except where such assignment or encumbrance has been approved by the Company in advance.
If a user breaches the preceding paragraph, the Company reserves the right to cancel the Usage Agreement between such user and the relevant Posted Facility and delete the posted information, and may take necessary measures (including legal measures) against such user, such as the suspension of the use of all the services relating to jalan.net including the Services, the disqualification of membership, or the demand for the payment of damages.
Article 15. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These Rules shall be governed by the laws of Japan. All disputes regarding these Rules shall be resolved by the exclusive jurisdiction of the Tokyo District Court or the Tokyo Summary Court in the first instance.

Article 16. Elimination of Anti-Social Forces
User represents and undertakes that he/she does not, and will not hereafter fall under any of the following: an organized crime group, a member of an organized crime group, a person for whom 5 years have not yet passed since leaving an organized crime group, a quasi-member of an organized crime group, a company affiliated with an organized crime group, a corporate extortionist (“sokaiya”), a racketeer advocating a social/political movement (“shakaiundo to hyobogoro”) or a special intelligence organized crime group (“tokushuchinoboryokushudan”) or any other anti-social force equivalent to any of the foregoing (hereinafter collectively called “Anti-Social Forces”); and that he/she does not, and will not hereafter engage in any illegal acts including any violent act, fraudulent or threatening act, or any act of interfering with the business of another person. If User breaches such representation, the Company may cancel the Usage Agreement between such User and the relevant Posted Facility, and may take necessary measures (including legal measures) against such User, such as suspension of use of all the services relating to jalan.net, including the Services, disqualification from membership, cancellation of various agreements incidental to the Services, and/or a demand for the payment of damages.

Supplementary Provision:
These Rules shall be effective on November 11, 2000

Revised on and Applicable from July 10, 2002
Revised on and Applicable from March 31, 2003
Revised on and Applicable from March 1, 2004
Revised on and Applicable from July 1, 2004
Revised on and Applicable from November 15, 2004
Revised on and Applicable from July 1, 2005
Revised on and Applicable from December 1, 2005
Revised on and Applicable from October 1, 2006
Revised on and Applicable from March 13, 2007
Revised on and Applicable from November 16, 2007
Revised on and Applicable from May 19, 2008
Revised on and Applicable from April 2, 2009
Revised on and Applicable from August 24, 2009
Revised on and Applicable from February 8, 2010
Revised on and Applicable from June 21, 2010
Revised on and Applicable from September 20, 2011
Revised on and Applicable from October 1, 2012
Revised on and Applicable from May 27, 2013
Revised on and Applicable from October 9, 2013
Revised on and Applicable from April 1, 2014
Revised on and Applicable from November 28, 2016