Privacy Policy and Terms of Use | Nemours KidsHealth
[Skip to Content]
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
en español:
Política de privacidad y Condiciones de uso
Larger text size
Large text size
Regular text size
Print
Last Updated: May 27, 2025
The websites KidsHealth.org, TeensHealth.org, and Classroom.KidsHealth.org (the “Websites”) are provided by The Nemours Foundation, including its brands such as Nemours KidsHealth®, Nemours TeensHealth®, and KidsHealth in the Classroom (“us”, “our”, “we”). By using the Websites, you acknowledge our Privacy Policy and agree to be bound by the Terms of Use, both set forth below. If You do not accept the Privacy Policy or Terms of Use, please do not use this Website.
The Nemours Foundation may revise the Privacy Policy or Terms of Use at any time, as reflected by the “Last Updated” date at the top of this page.
The Websites may link to other online services that are owned by The Nemours Foundation. This Website Privacy Policy and Terms of Use do not apply to other online services owned by The Nemours Foundation.
The Websites may also provide links to other online services that The Nemours Foundation does not own or maintain. The Nemours Foundation is not responsible for the content of any online services it does not own.
The Websites Privacy Policy can be found here:
Privacy Policy
. Below are the Terms of Use.
Terms of Use
These Terms of Use covers how you may use the Websites, including restrictions of use. By using the Websites or submitting material to us, you represent you are at least the age of majority in your jurisdiction. If you are under the age of majority, you represent that you are using the Websites or submitting materials to us under the supervision of a legal guardian who agrees to be bound to these Terms on your behalf.
Intellectual Property.
The Websites may contain materials and other items relating to The Nemours Foundation, including the layout, information, databases, articles, posts, text, data, files, images, scripts, designs, graphics, instructions, illustrations, photographs, sounds, pictures, videos, advertising copy, URLs, technology, software, interactive features, and the “look and feel” of the Websites including all copyrights, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, and all other intellectual property rights therein (together the “Materials”), are owned and controlled by The Nemours Foundation, our licensors or certain other parties. All rights, title, and interest in and to the Materials available via the Websites are the property of The Nemours Foundation or our licensors or certain other parties, and are protected by U.S. and international copyright, trademark, trade dress, and/or other intellectual property rights and laws to the fullest extent possible.
Limited License.
KidsHealth, KidsHealth.org, Nemours, Nemours Children’s Health, and Well Beyond Medicine are registered trademarks of The Nemours Foundation. Subject to your strict compliance with these Terms, The Nemours Foundation grants you a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-commercial, non-assignable, personal, and non-transferable license to display, view, use, or play the Websites or Materials on a personal device. The foregoing limited license does not give you any ownership of, or any other intellectual property interest in, any Materials. Your unauthorized use of the Materials may violate copyright, trademark, privacy, publicity, communications, and other laws, and any such use may result in your personal liability, including potential criminal liability.
You agree to retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original Materials on any copy You make of such material. You may not sell or modify the Material or reproduce, display, distribute, or otherwise use the Material in any way for any public or commercial purpose. Use of the Material on any other website or in a networked environment is prohibited. For permission to reprint or link to The Nemours Foundation content, see our
Permissions Guidelines
.
Reservation of Rights.
All rights not expressly granted to you are reserved by The Nemours Foundation and its licensors. No right or license may be construed, under any legal theory, by implication, estoppel, industry custom, or otherwise. Any unauthorized use of the Websites and Materials for any purpose is prohibited.
User Submissions
You may submit to The Nemours Foundation comments or other materials. You acknowledge that if you send us creative suggestions, ideas, notes, drawings, concepts, inventions, or other information, that such submissions shall be deemed, and shall remain, the property of The Nemours Foundation. By submitting any materials to us, you assign to us and we shall exclusively own all now known or hereafter existing rights to such Information and shall be entitled to unrestricted use of the Information for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to you.
You agree to not: transmit to us material that is copyrighted, unless you are the copyright owner or have the permission of the copyright owner to post it; send material that reveals trade secrets, unless you own them or have the permission of the owner; send material that infringes on any other intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others; send material that is obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, or embarrassing to another user or any other person or entity; send sexually explicit images; send advertisements or solicitations of business; send chain letters or pyramid schemes; or impersonate another person.
Use Restrictions
You agree that you will not engage in:
Violating the rights of
The Nemours Foundation
or others
:
Modifying, or creating derivative works based on, content in the Websites
Using the content in any manner: (a) suggesting an association with any other products, services, or brands (b) that is likely to cause confusion among users, (c) that disparages or discredits The Nemours Foundation, (d) that is otherwise exploitative for any commercial purpose; or (e) that otherwise infringes our intellectual property rights
Developing functionally similar products or services to the Websites
Copying, modifying, reproducing, archiving, selling, leasing, renting, exchanging, creating derivative works from, publishing by hard copy or electronic means, publicly performing, displaying, disseminating, distributing, broadcasting, retransmitting, circulating, or transferring to any other party, or otherwise use or exploit content in the Websites in any way for any purpose except as specifically permitted by these Terms of Use
Using unauthorized technical tools or circumventions or exploiting the Websites design:
Using, or facilitating the use of, any unauthorized third-party software (e.g., bots, mods, hacks, and scripts) to modify or automate operation within the Websites whether for yourself or for a third party
Downloading content to a database for any reason
Decomposing, disassembling, or reverse engineering any part of the Websites, or otherwise use the Websites for any purpose other than those provided for by us and in conjunction with the operations of the Websites
Attempting to circumvent any restriction in the Websites based upon geography or other restriction imposed by us
Interfering with or circumventing any security feature (including any digital rights management mechanism, device, or other content protection or access control measure)
Attempting or gaining unauthorized access to any network or computer through the Websites
Harvesting, scraping, or otherwise collecting or storing any content or information, including personal information, from the Websites
Engaging with controls that is against the Websites intended design. This includes not exploiting bugs
You agree that if you submit any personal information of another person to The Nemours Foundation or to the Websites, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to provide that individual’s personal information to The Nemours Foundation.
Disclaimers
The Nemours Foundation does not warrant that the Websites will operate error-free or that the Websites or its server are free of computer viruses or other harmful material.
Although it strives for timeliness and accuracy in all its materials, The Nemours Foundation makes no representations, warranties, or assurances as to the availability, accuracy, currency, or completeness of the Websites or its contents. All information on the Websites is for educational purposes only. For specific medical advice, diagnoses, and treatment, consult your doctor.
THE WEBSITES AND ITS MATERIAL ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. THE NEMOURS FOUNDATION, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THE WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES' RIGHTS, AND THE WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Indemnification and Limited Liability
As permitted by applicable law, you agree to, and you hereby, defend, indemnify, and hold The Nemours Foundation harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, costs, investigations, liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties, settlements, interest, and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) that directly or indirectly arise from or are related to any claim, suit, action, demand, or proceeding made or brought against, or on account of the investigation, defense, or settlement thereof, arising out of or in connection with the Websites.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE NEMOURS FOUNDATION, ITS EDUCATIONAL PARTNERS, OR ANY THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED IN THE WEBSITES CONTENT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE WEBSITES OR MATERIAL ON THE WEBSITES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER THE NEMOURS FOUNDATION IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
General
These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and The Nemours Foundation with respect to your use of the Websites. These Terms of Use are governed by the substantive laws of the State of Delaware, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. You agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts situated in the State of Delaware with respect to any dispute, disagreement, or cause of action related to or involving the Websites.
If any provision is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use, which shall remain in full force and effect.
Our failure or delay to exercise or enforce any right, remedy, or provision of these Terms or any other legal right will not operate as a waiver of such or any other right, remedy, or provision.
---
Contact Us
The Nemours Privacy Office
10140 Centurion Parkway North
Jacksonville, FL 32256
(800) 472-6610
privacy@nemours.org
Share:
Share to Facebook
Share to Twitter
Share to Pinterest
RELATED CATEGORY
About Nemours KidsHealth®
/content/kidshealth/misc/medicalcodes/parents/articles/policy
Note: All information on Nemours KidsHealth® is for educational purposes only. For specific medical advice, diagnoses, and treatment, consult your doctor. © 1995-2026. The Nemours Foundation. Nemours Children's Health®, Nemours KidsHealth®, KidsHealth®, and Well Beyond Medicine® are registered trademarks of The Nemours Foundation. All rights reserved. Images sourced by The Nemours Foundation and Getty Images.