Skip to content
NewsSports
New
EventsBeyond SeriesBrandviewTV/RadioObituaries
43°
MARKETPLACE
ClassifiedsCarsHomesJobsServices
Sorry, we can't find the page you're looking for.

You may have followed an outdated link, or have mistyped a URL. If you believe this to be an error, please report it.

Do you need to login?

KSL.com News Home Page







Mobile Apps | Newsletter | Advertise | Contact Us | Careers with KSL.com | Product Updates
Terms of use | Privacy Statement | DMCA Notice | Manage My Cookies | EEO Public File Report | KSL-TV FCC Public File | KSL FM Radio FCC Public File | KSL AM Radio FCC Public File | Closed Captioning Assistance
© 2026 KSL.com | KSL Broadcasting Salt Lake City UT | Site hosted & managed by Deseret Digital Media - a Deseret Media Company  

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 213 partners, or used specifically by this site. We and our partners may use precise geolocation data. List of partners.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page or in the site menu to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options

Cookie Notice
This site uses cookies. We and our partners use cookies and similar technologies (including the Meta Pixel and Google Pixel, among others) to improve your experience, measure performance, analyze usage, and personalize ads on this and other sites. By continuing to use our site, you agree to this use, as well as agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy. We disclose your video viewing information as set forth in our Video Consent and Viewing Policy. You may customize your cookie settings by clicking "Manage Preferences."
Manage Preferences Accept and Continue
OK
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data
When you visit our website, depending on your choices, we use cookies and similar technologies to process information about you and how you interact with our services and use the information for purposes in our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, including to make the services work, improve them and provide you a personalized experience and ads.. You can choose not to allow certain types of cookies, which may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. You cannot opt-out of our Strictly Necessary Cookies. For more information about the First and Third Party Cookies used please follow this link More Information.

Toggle off Sale or Share of Personal Data to opt out of the sale or share of data, including for targeted ads. Toggle off all cookies stop sharing of video viewing data.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are sometimes also set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.

Functional Cookies
Always Active

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.

Performance Cookies
 Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Share Or Sale of Personal Data
 Share Or Sale of Personal Data

Under certain laws, you have the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect information for non-service provider analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information by using this toggle switch. If you have enabled legally required sale/share privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we process that as a valid request to opt-out. This will affect our ability to personalize ads for you.

Targeting Cookies
 Switch Label label

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.     If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less relevant advertising.

Cookie List

 
Clear
 checkbox label label
Apply Cancel
Consent Leg.Interest
 checkbox label label
 checkbox label label
 checkbox label label
Confirm My Choices