lastminute.com contractual service conditions and privacy policy
Welcome to www.lastminute.com and our mobile application (the “App” and jointly the “Website” or the “Properties”),  a service operated by BravoNext S.A. ("BravoNext"), providing you with travel news, information and offers, including flights with full-service and low-cost airlines. BravoNext S.A. is a Swiss company (company registration number CHE-115.704.228), headquartered at Vicolo de' Calvi, 2, 6830, Chiasso, Switzerland. BravoNext S.A. is registered under the ATOL number 11082.

BravoNext would like to inform you that, when you buy travel products on its websites, you may be offered travel insurance from our partner company, Europ Assistance SA (operating through Europ Assistance SA Irish Branch) (“EAIB”). EAIB offers its products to BravoNext customers via a third party insurance contract. Meaning that, in the unlikely event of any errors, negligence or incorrect information being provided in relation to its insurance products and activities, EAIB will be liable.

In addition, the Website offers Users the possibility of directly processing reservation requests for the purchase of different travel services, thus eliminating the need to connect to the Website of the providers of the chosen travel service. We request that you carefully read and accept  the following terms and conditions (the "T&C") that govern the various services (the "Service/s") that BravoNext, other companies belonging to the lastminute.com group, and/or their partners make available on www.lastminute.com.  BravoNext reserves the right to modify these T&C without notice when such modifications are necessary due to changing market conditions, changes in legal or regulatory frameworks or in the event of a change in BravoNext's risk factor and / or in relation to the provision of the Services made available on the Website by BravoNext, other companies belonging to the lastminute.com group and / or their partners. If you wish to take full advantage of the Service and be regularly informed about travel news, flights with full-service and low-cost airlines and other travel offers available, you may subscribe, by entering your full and accurate personal information.

Please take into account that your access and use of the Website requires your acceptance of the T&C. By continuing to access and/or use the Website, you are deemed to have accepted the T&C.

1. DESCRIPTION OF THE SERVICE
The key information relating to the Services offered by the Website and the applicable general conditions is presented below:

the "Flights'' comparison and reservation service is provided by BravoNext S.A ( registration number CHE-115.704.228), a company incorporated under Swiss law belonging to the lastminute.com group, headquartered at Vicolo de' Calvi, 2, 6830, Chiasso, Switzerland ("BravoNext"). BravoNext acts as an intermediary between the User and the airline for the conclusion of the transport contract requested by the latter. The transport contract is therefore concluded only and directly between the User and the airline. Consequently, BravoNext is in no way responsible for the provision of the requested transport service. As an intermediary, BravoNext is responsible, on the other hand, for any failure it commits in the performance of its obligations as a travel intermediary and, consequently, in the event of failure to do so, the User can submit the corresponding complaint directly to BravoNext. In the event of pre- and post-contractual assistance relating to the intermediation service of the "Flights'' product, the User can contact BravoNext, which, for the purposes of processing the request - if possible - interfaces, in the name of and on behalf of the User's account, with the airline concerned. In the event of a complaint concerning the transport service, the User must contact the airline directly, without prejudice to the right to contact BravoNext which, if possible, will forward the corresponding complaints to the airline in the name of and on behalf of the User account. To consult the booking conditions for flight tickets, click here https://www.lastminute.com/en/info/privacy.html?purpose=tc_flight&touchPoint=checkout-flight

The "Hotel" comparison and reservation service is provided by BravoNext S.A ( registration number CHE-115.704.228), a company incorporated under Swiss law belonging to the lastminute.com group, headquartered at Vicolo de' Calvi, 2, 6830, Chiasso, Switzerland ("BravoNext"). BravoNext only acts as a supplier of the website for the purposes of assistance and support for the User's reservations, which means that the purchase contract for the hotel  will be concluded only between the User and the hotel. The contract will be deemed formally concluded between the User and the hotel when BravoNext sends confirmation email of the reservation’s acceptance by the hotel. Consequently, BravoNext is in no way responsible for the provision of the requested accommodation service. As an intermediary, BravoNext is liable for any non-compliance with its obligations as a travel intermediary and, therefore, in the event of a breach of these obligations, the User may submit a complaint directly to BravoNext. Any refunds or compensation will be made in accordance with hotel policies. In the event of pre and post contractual assistance relating to the reservation, the User can contact BravoNext which, for the needs of the management of the request - if necessary - will provide the interface, in the name of and on behalf of the User, with the hotel establishment concerned. In the event of a complaint regarding the accommodation service, the User must contact the hotel directly, without prejudice to the right to contact BravoNext which, if possible, will forward the corresponding complaints to the hotel in the name of and on behalf of the User. To consult the booking conditions for hotel stays, click here https://www.lastminute.com/en/info/privacy.html?purpose=tc_hotel&touchPoint=checkout-hotel

The "Flight + Hotel" offer comparison and reservation service is provided by BravoNext S.A ( registration number CHE-115.704.228), a company incorporated under Swiss law belonging to the lastminute.com group, headquartered at Vicolo de' Calvi, 2, 6830, Chiasso, Switzerland ("BravoNext"). In accordance with the provisions of the Package Travel and Linked Travel Arrangements Regulations 2018 (“Package Travel Regulations”) relating to travel packages and related travel services, BravoNext acts as the organiser of the package tours offered to the User and is legally responsible for their proper execution. BravoNext is responsible for any damage caused to the User due to the total or partial non-performance of the services contractually due, whether these are performed by BravoNextor by third party providers of the various services, unless BravoNext proves that the event results from the actions of the User or circumstances unrelated to the provision of the services provided for in the contract, unforeseeable circumstances, force majeure, or circumstances which the organiser could not, in accordance with professional diligence, reasonably foresee or resolve. For any type of pre and post contract assistance or claim relating to the provision of the chosen tourist package, the User can contact BravoNext directly. To consult the conditions of sale of travel packages, click here https://www.lastminute.com/en/info/privacy.html?purpose=tc_flight_hotel&touchPoint=checkout-dp

The comparison and reservation service for "Eurostar" offers is provided by BravoNext S.A (registration number CHE-115.704.228), a company incorporated under Swiss law belonging to the lastminute.com group, headquartered at Vicolo de' Calvi, 2, 6830, Chiasso, Switzerland ("BravoNext"). BravoNext only acts as a supplier of the website for the purposes of assistance and support for the User's reservations, which means that the purchase contract for the train ticket  will be concluded only between the User and the railway company. BravoNext acts as an electronic assistance and support service provider for the processing and sending of your reservation request. As such, BravoNext is in no way responsible for the administration or handling of transportation, supplementary, or accessory services requested, given that these are directly contracted with the railway company as it is the only party responsible for such services. Nonetheless, BravoNext may be responsible for negligence, violation of current laws or breach of its contractual obligations relating to its status as intermediary. Any refunds or compensation will be made in accordance with railway company policies. To consult the booking conditions of Eurostar service, click here https://www.lastminute.com/en/info/privacy.html?purpose=tc_train&touchPoint=checkout-flight

The Train + hotel offer comparison and reservation service is provided by BravoNext S.A ( registration number CHE-115.704.228), a company incorporated under Swiss law belonging to the lastminute.com group, headquartered at Vicolo de' Calvi, 2, 6830, Chiasso, Switzerland ("BravoNext"). In accordance with the provisions of the Package Travel and Linked Travel Arrangements Regulations 2018 (“Package Travel Regulations”) relating to travel package and related travel services, BravoNext acts as the organiser of the package tours offered to the User and is legally responsible for their proper execution. BravoNext is responsible for any damage caused to the User due to the total or partial non-performance of the services contractually due, whether these are performed by BravoNext or by third party providers of the various services, unless BravoNext proves that the event results from the actions of the User or circumstances unrelated to the provision of the services provided for in the contract, unforeseeable circumstances, force majeure, or circumstances which the organizer could not, in accordance with professional diligence, reasonably foresee or resolve. For any type of pre and post contract assistance or claim relating to the provision of the chosen tourist package, the User can contact BravoNext directly. To consult the conditions of sale of travel packages, click here  https://www.lastminute.com/en/info/privacy.html?purpose=tc_train_hotel&touchPoint=checkout-dp

Gift Card services are provided by BravoNext S.A (registration number CHE-115.704.228), a company incorporated under Swiss law belonging to the lastminute.com group, headquartered at Vicolo de' Calvi, 2, 6830, Chiasso, Switzerland ("BravoNext"). Users who purchase a gift card receive a numeric code via email that entitles them to purchase a discounted or free service or product sold by a third party company (the "Company") other than BravoNext. In order to purchase the service or product at a discounted price or for free, the User must enter the code number on the Company's website, finalise the purchase by following the instructions on that website and accept the terms and conditions published by the Company. The contract for the purchase of services or products is, therefore, concluded between the User and the Company from which the User makes the purchase. Consequently, Bravonext is in no way responsible for the provision of the services and/or products purchased by the User from the Company. As a supplier of gift cards, BravoNext is liable to the User for any breach of contract in relation to the issue of gift cards and the correct functioning of the same and, therefore, for any complaints relating to the supply of gift cards, the User may contact BravoNext directly. In the event of a claim relating to a service or product purchased from the Company, the User must contact the Company directly. To consult the terms and conditions of sale of gift cards click here https://res.cloudinary.com/lastminute-contenthub/image/upload/v1585751365/DAM/Co-Marketing/E-COMMERCE%20-%20PRIVACY%20%26%20T%26CS%20DOCS%20UPDATED/TRAVELGIFTCARD%20UK/Terms%20and%20Conditions%20TRAVELGIFTCARDS%20-%20UK_ok.pdf

My personal area service is provided by BravoNext S.A (registration number CHE-115.704.228), a company incorporated under Swiss law belonging to the lastminute.com group, headquartered at Vicolo de' Calvi, 2, 6830, Chiasso, Switzerland ("BravoNext"). Through the My lastminute service, BravoNext offers a variety of features, including easy viewing of all hotel bookings, tourist packages, flights and other ancillary services requested on any website of the lm group over the last 3 years, management of bookings, restoring the most recent searches performed on this website, forwarding a request for additional services to the applicable provider, amending your booking, requesting assistance, viewing any available discounts - where applicable - including on Cruise products, and examining the best current offers proposed by lm group companies. We further remind the User and / or Customer that all data and information related to the use of the Services present in their personal account (including but not limited to their booking ID and / or details related to any bookings that have been made) are to be considered strictly personal. Therefore, the User and / or Customer undertakes to keep and use such personal information with the utmost diligence, and to take all necessary precautions to ensure that such data remains confidential and private from unauthorised third parties. In particular, we remind the User and / or Customer not to communicate such data to individuals who have no involvement in the bookings, and to not disclose such data through social networks or other communication channels. If you suspect any unauthorised or improper use of your data and information, or you become aware of this event by unauthorised third parties, you must report the violation to lm group immediately by sending an email to privacy.en@lastminutegroup.com. For more information and to view the applicable conditions, click here https://www.lastminute.com/info/terms-conditions-my-bookings.html

Multi city flight comparison and booking service is provided by Kiwi.com s.r.o., ID No. 29352886, with a registered office at Palachovo náměstí 797/4, Starý Lískovec, Post Code 625 00 Brno, the Czech Republic (“Kiwi”). The multi city flight service is made available to the User by Kiwi as a White Label, that is to say by virtue of an advertising contract concluded between Kiwi and BravoNext which, therefore, does not play any role in the stipulation of the Flight multi city contract requested by the User. BravoNext, as a publisher hosting Kiwi's offers, has no responsibility for the completeness or accuracy of the information published by Kiwi, nor any liability in relation to the Kiwi’s service requested by the User. Kiwi acts as an intermediary between the Customer and the airline. The flight contract is therefore concluded only and directly between the User and airline. As an intermediary agent, Kiwi is responsible for any breach of its agent obligations and, therefore, in the event of a breach of these obligations, the User can lodge a complaint directly with Kiwi. In the event of pre- and post-contract assistance relating to the multi city flight service, the User can contact Kiwi.. To view Kiwi’s multi city flight reservation conditions, click here https://lastminute.kiwi.com/en/pages/content/legal

The "Car" rental comparison and booking service is provided by Traveljigsaw Limited ("Rentalcar"), a BravoNext partner company based at 100 New Bridge Street, London, EC4V 6JA, registration number 05179829, number VAT GB 855349007. The "Car" rental service is made available to the User by Rentalcar as a White Label, that is to say by virtue of an advertising contract concluded between Rentalcar and BravoNext which, therefore, does not play any role in the stipulation of the rental contract requested by the User. BravoNext, as a publisher hosting Rentalcar's offers, has no responsibility for the completeness or accuracy of the information published by Rentalcar, nor any liability in relation to the rental service requested by the User. Rentalcar acts as the booking agent of the rental company. The rental contract is therefore concluded only and directly between the User and the rental company. As an intermediary agent, Rentalcar is responsible for any breach of its agent obligations and, therefore, in the event of a breach of these obligations, the User can lodge a complaint directly with Rentalcar. In the event of pre- and post-contract assistance relating to the rental service, the User can contact Rentalcar which will interface, in the name of and on behalf of the User, with the car rental company in order to process the request. - if necessary. In the event of a complaint relating to the rental service, the User should contact the service provider directly, without prejudice to the right to contact Rentalcar who, if possible, will forward the relevant complaints to the car rental company in the name and on behalf of the User. To view the rental car reservation conditions, click here. Please note that this "Car" rental service is provided in accordance with the terms and conditions available to the User during the respective booking process.

The Transfer service is provided by HolidayTaxis Group Ltd (“HolidaysTaxis”), a BravoNext partner company based at Moore House, 13 Black Lion Street, Brighton, East Sussex, BN1 1ND. This service is made available to the User by HolidaysTaxis as a White Label, that is to say by virtue of an advertising contract concluded between HolidaysTaxis and BravoNext which, therefore, does not play any role in the stipulation of the contract requested by the User to HolidaysTaxis. BravoNext, as a publisher hosting HolidaysTaxis's offers, has no responsibility for the completeness or accuracy of the information published by, HolidaysTaxis nor any liability in relation to the service requested by the User. To view the applicable terms and conditions, click here https://www.holidaytaxis.com/en/about/conditions/

The Experience service is provided by Musement S.p.a. (“Musement”), a BravoNext partner company based at via Polesine no. 13, Milan, Italy. This service is made available to the User by Musement as a White Label, that is to say by virtue of an advertising contract concluded between Musement and BravoNext which, therefore, does not play any role in the stipulation of the contract for the service requested by the User to Musement. BravoNext, as a publisher hosting Musement's offers, has no responsibility for the completeness or accuracy of the information published by Musement, nor any liability in relation to the service requested by the User. To view the applicable terms and conditions, click here https://lastminute.musement.com/uk/legal/terms-conditions

2. USE OF THE WEBSITE - PURCHASE ORDERS
The User can freely visit the Website and use its functionality for personal, not commercial, use only.  When conducting a search in the search engine, making reservations or processing purchase orders, the User recognises and states that they are acting in a purely personal capacity.

The User and/or the Customer declares and guarantees to be of legal age and to have full capacity to enter into contracts for the purchase of the products and/or services made available on the Website. If the User and/or the Customer purchases a product and/or service also on behalf of other travellers then the User and/or the Customer, qualified as the "Main Contractor" as defined below, declares and guarantees that he/she is legally authorised to act also in the name and on behalf of the other travellers and to inform them about the conditions applicable to each product and/or service purchased.

The User and/or the Customer declares and guarantees that he/she will supervise the use of the Website by minors, accepts that any purchase made in violation of that duty is attributable to him/her, and accepts financial responsibility for any such purchases.

The User and/or the Customer declares and guarantee that all the information they have provided is true, up-to-date and complete.

The User and/or the Customer further acknowledges and accepts that by using his/her contact details (residential address, email and telephone number) during the booking, he/she is qualified as the "Main Contractor" for the tourist and other services available for purchase on this Website, whether the Customer is making the booking for himself/herself or on behalf of other travellers.

The User and/or the Customer are further informed that email queries about bookings made on this Website for the products provided by companies belonging to lastminute.com (changes or cancellations, or aftersales assistance) can only be processed if the email of the Main Contractor provided during the booking, is used. If a different email address is used, the service provider may require an identity check. The service provider may not be able to guarantee the acceptance and management of the request.

While searching or processing reservations and/or purchase orders, the User uses the web application by means of a non-exclusive and temporary license, granted for the time of the operation.  This web application allows the User to process, easily and directly, their requests without having to make an additional parallel connection to the website of the provider of the service the User is interested in booking.

The User is not allowed to modify, reuse, copy, distribute, transmit, reproduce, publish, grant license or use, create derived tasks or jobs, transfer or sell, or in any case, make any commercial use or any use that is not personal in nature of the information, news, content, software and systems, or products obtained or made available to the User through the Website and the use of the Service.

To be able to use the functions of the Website, the User must have an internet connection, which they must procure at their own expense from a reliable provider.  BravoNext is not liable for any damages to the User's hardware that may be caused, directly or indirectly, by the internet connection.

3. RULES OF CONDUCT
The User undertakes to use the Website, its functions and the Service for lawful purposes and according to the present T&C. Particularly, the User undertakes neither to send or spread, through the Website and its functions, illicit, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, abusive or disturbing content, nor to use the Website and its functions to perform any acts which could cause damage to the image and reputation of BravoNext or any other loss or damage to BravoNext.

Moreover, the User undertakes not to send advertising materials, undesirable and/or unsolicited communications which could interfere with the functionality and/or the use of the Website by third parties.

4. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The User acknowledges and recognizes that all information, data, software, content, music, sounds, photographs and images, video and any other content on the Website (the "Content") are the exclusive property of BravoNext and its license holders.

With the exception of using the application as stated in section 3, the User does not acquire any rights on the Content and/or the Website, the only right being the right to use the Website according to these T&C.

The User is authorised to print and/or download the Content (including the T&C) only for personal use.

5. HYPERLINK TO OTHER INTERNET WEBSITES
The Website contains hyperlinks to other internet resources, operated by commercial partners of BravoNext and/or third parties. The publishing of hyperlinks on the Website is conducted for informational purposes and for the User’s reference and does not imply any recognition or approval of their contents by BravoNext. Moreover, BravoNext does not exercise control over the contents, information, services and/or products offered by such linked websites. BravoNext shall not be liable for the truthfulness, accuracy and updating of the information published on such linked websites. The User acknowledges that the use of such websites will be done at his/her own risk.

The publication of a hypertext link and/or another internet resource on the Website does not imply any kind of commercial association and/or affiliation between BravoNext and the administrators of the linked websites.

6. PRIVACY POLICY AND INFORMATION REGARDING THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DETAILS
Information regarding the way in which we process personal information and how cookies and similar tracking technologies  are used on the Properties can be found in our Privacy Policy. 

7. CHOICE OF APPLICABLE LAW AND EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION
In the case of professionals and companies


The T&C and the relationship between the User and BravoNext are governed, in the measure allowed by applicable regulations, by Swiss law. Regarding what is allowable by applicable regulations and international agreements, the parties agree that for any matter relating to the interpretation, compliance or execution of these Terms and Conditions, the resolution of any dispute will be under the exclusive jurisdiction of ordinary courts at BravoNext's headquarters, expressly waiving any other jurisdiction, provided that the applicable regulations do not establish a specific mandatory jurisdiction.


In the case of consumers


These Terms and Conditions are governed by England and Wales law or, in the event that you reside in a country other than England, by the law of the country of your domicile. The courts of the consumer's country of domicile shall be competent to hear any dispute arising from these Terms and Conditions. In cases where the law does not necessarily provide for the consumer's domicile to resolve conflicts with respect to these conditions, the court of the consumer's domicile or the court of the BravoNext, shall be competent, at the consumer's choice.