Terms of service/ Disclaimer – About – Walter Reed Middle School
About
»
Terms of service/ Disclaimer
Terms of service/ Disclaimer
Use of the Walter Reed Middle School website signifies your agreement with its terms and conditions of use. The terms and conditions of use as well as the content of the website are subject to change at any time without prior notice.
Although every effort has been made to provide complete and accurate information, Walter Reed Middle School makes no warranties, express or implied, or representations as to the accuracy of content on this website. Walter Reed Middle School assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the information contained in the website or the operation of the website.
By using the Walter Reed Middle School website, you assume all risks associated with the use of this site including any risk of your computer, software or data being damaged by a virus, software, or any other files which might be transmitted or activated via the Walter Reed Middle School website. Walter Reed Middle School expressly disclaims any liability for any special, incidental, or consequential damages, including without limitation, lost revenues, or lost profits, resulting from the use or misuse of the information contained in the website.
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Walter Reed Middle School harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs including attorneys’ fees, arising from or related to your use of the website.
Links to other Websites
This website contains links to other Internet sites and information provided by persons not affiliated with Walter Reed Middle School or the LAUSD. Such links are not endorsements or referrals of any products, services or information contained in such websites, and no information in any such web site has been endorsed or approved hereby. No claims, promises, or guarantees about the completeness, accuracy, currency, content or quality of information contained in the links to and from this web site are made. Information provided and opinions expressed by others do not necessarily represent the opinion of Walter Reed Middle School or the LAUSD. Walter Reed Middle School expressly disclaims any and all liability resulting from reliance on such information or opinions.
LAUSD Acceptable Use Policy
Walter Reed Middle School
4525 Irvine Ave
North Hollywood, CA 91602
Phone:
(818) 487-7600
Fax: (818) 766-9069
Edlio
Login
Powered by Edlio