Lemon8 Supplemental Terms of Use
Effective Date: August 2025

PLEASE NOTE: These Lemon8 Supplemental Terms of Use apply only to users residing in the United Kingdom using the new Lemon8 (app version 7.6.0 or above), which requires the use of a TikTok account to access.

Welcome to Lemon8!

When we refer to the "Lemon8 Service" in these Lemon8 Supplemental Terms of Use ("Lemon8 Terms"), we mean the Lemon8 websites, services, applications (or apps), products, and content.

The Lemon8 Service is provided in the United Kingdom by TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited, which is a company registered in England with its registered office at 4 Lindsey Street, Barbican, London, EC1A 9HP, United Kingdom and company number 10165711, in partnership with its affiliates, including, without limitation, TikTok Inc. and TikTok Pte. Ltd. (collectively, "Lemon8", "we", or "us").

These Lemon8 Terms govern your use of the Lemon8 Service (defined above) and supplement and amend the TikTok Terms of Service for residents of the European Economic Area, Switzerland, and the UK ("TikTok Terms"), which are incorporated into these Lemon8 Terms by reference (collectively, the "Terms") and serve as an agreement between you and us. For the purposes of these Lemon8 Terms, references in the TikTok Terms to "Platform" should be read as referencing the Lemon8 Service.

In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between the Lemon8 Terms and the TikTok Terms, these Lemon8 Terms apply.

1. Accepting the Terms
By accessing or using the Lemon8 Service, you confirm that you can form a binding contract with us, that you accept the Terms and Lemon8 Community Guidelines and that you agree to comply with them.

Your access to and use of the Lemon8 Service is also subject to TikTok Privacy Policy and the TikTok Community Guidelines, the terms of which can be found directly on the Lemon8 Service, or where the Lemon8 Service is made available for download, on your mobile device's applicable app store, and are incorporated herein by reference. By using the Lemon8 Service, you acknowledge that you have read the TikTok Privacy Policy.

We reserve the right to disable your user account at any time, including if you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of the Terms, or if activities occur on your account which, in our sole discretion, would or might cause damage to or impair the Lemon8 Service or infringe or violate any third-party rights, or violate any applicable laws or regulations.

2. Your Account with Us
To access or use the Lemon8 Service, you must have a TikTok user account and link it to your Lemon8 profile. If you do not have a TikTok user account, you must create a TikTok account. When you create this account, you must provide accurate and up-to-date information. It is important that you maintain and promptly update your details and any other information you provide to us, to keep such information current and complete.

If you no longer want to use the Lemon8 Service again, and would like your account deleted, contact us at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/feedback. We will provide you with further assistance and guide you through the process. Once you choose to delete your account, you will not be able to reactivate your account or retrieve any of the content or information you have added.

Your TikTok account is subject to the TikTok Terms which describe all the requirements and conditions you must meet to have a TikTok Account. This includes being at least 13 years old when you sign up and complying with the TikTok Community Guidelines.

3. Minimum Age
You can only use the Lemon8 Service if you are 13 years of age or older. We monitor for underage use on both TikTok and Lemon8 and we will terminate your account if we reasonably suspect that you are underage or are allowing someone underage to use your account. You can appeal our decision to terminate your account if you think we have made a mistake about your age.

In short: You need to be 13 or over to use the Lemon8 Service.

4. Your Access to and Use of the Lemon8 Service
Your access to and use of the Lemon8 Service is conditioned on your compliance with the Terms, which includes the TikTok Terms, as well as all applicable laws and regulations.

Under these Terms, you can use the Lemon8 Service in order to:

create and share content;
interact with other users;
view content created by others; and
use the features and functionality on the Lemon8 Service as provided to you from time to time
Any act or use prohibited by the TikTok Terms applies to your access and use of the Lemon8 Service and your permission to use the Lemon8 Service is also subject to the permissions granted to you in the TikTok Terms.

5. What you can't do on the Service
The Lemon8 Community Guidelines apply to everyone and to all content on the Lemon8 Service. If you want to use the Lemon8 Service, you can't create, post, share, link to or otherwise interact with content in breach of our Community Guidelines.

In any event, you must not use the Lemon8 Service to do anything that is prohibited under the TikTok Terms or TikTok Community Guidelines — including, without limitation, to:

do anything illegal (this includes posting, live steaming or distributing illegal content);
do anything that violates applicable anti-money laundering, counter terrorist financing, export controls and economic sanctions laws or regulations;
engage with minors in an exploitative or inappropriate way;
undermine the Service's operations or security;
engage in inauthentic commercial behaviours such as operating spam or impersonation accounts or by any other means further detailed in the Lemon8 Community Guidelines;
submit appeals, reports, notices or complaints which are manifestly unfounded;
extract any data or content from the Service using any automated system or software that is not provided by Lemon8 or approved in writing by Lemon8; or
use or attempt to use another user's account without authorisation.
You must also not post, live stream or otherwise distribute any content on the Service which:
infringes anyone else's rights (such as intellectual property, privacy and/or personality rights of living or deceased people);
constitutes, encourages or provides instructions for a criminal offence, or dangerous activities that may lead to serious injury or death or self-harm;
spreads harmful misinformation such as misinformation that incites hate or prejudice or that misleads about or improperly influences elections or other civic processes;
contains a threat of any kind or which intimidates or harasses others, including posting any material that is intended to mock, humiliate, embarrass, intimidate, or hurt an individual;
is obscene, pornographic or which promotes sexually explicit material (e.g. by linking to adult or pornographic websites);
is hateful or inflammatory;
contains or promotes violence or discrimination based on race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, caste, sexual orientation, sex, gender identity, serious disease, disability, immigration status or age; or
otherwise contains harmful content (such as content that causes physical, mental or moral detriment to minors).
You can report suspected illegal content or content which otherwise breaches these Terms or our Community Guidelines through the reporting functionalities provided on the Lemon8 Service or here.

In short: Enjoy using the Lemon8 Service but, for the benefit of all our users, there are rules you need to follow. If you see something that should not be on our Lemon8 Service, please tell us.

6. Your Content
It is important that you understand what happens to the content that you create, post or share on the Lemon8 Service:

You are responsible for the content that you make available on the Lemon8 Service and you should have all the rights needed to create, post or share content on the Lemon8 Service.

When you create, post or share content via Lemon8 or TikTok, that content may be automatically posted and shared across the other apps (although your privacy settings for each app will still apply for content posted on that app as applicable). For example, when you post a video on Lemon8 with a public profile, that video may also be posted and available on TikTok and if your TikTok profile is set to private then the post will still be private on TikTok but public on Lemon8.

We may remove or restrict access to any content, including yours, if we reasonably believe (i) it is in breach of these Lemon8 Terms, the TikTok Terms or either the Lemon8 or the TikTok Community Guidelines; or (ii) it causes harm to us, affiliates, our users or other third parties. Our Community Guidelines set out how content might be removed or restricted on the Lemon8 Service.

We review content proactively (through systems we have in place which detect illegal and harmful content) and reactively (for example, on receipt of notice from users or authorities). To do this we deploy a combination of technology and human moderators. Lemon8's approach to content moderation is further detailed here.

If we remove or restrict access to your content, we will notify you without undue delay and state the reasons for our decision, unless it is not appropriate for us to do so (for example, we are legally prevented from doing so).

If you think we have made a mistake in removing or restricting access to your content, you can appeal through the appeal functionalities provided on the Lemon8 Service and we will review our decision and decide again. Further information on how to submit an appeal, our complaint handling process is set out here.

You are free to remove your content from the Lemon8 Service at any time. Please note that removing content from TikTok does not automatically remove it from Lemon8 (and vice versa). You must manage your content on each Service separately.

7. Posting Branded Content
If you post content on the Lemon8 Service that promotes a third party brand or its products or services in exchange for payment or any other incentive then, unless you are using one of TikTok's paid ad services (e.g. Promote or TikTok Ads Manager), which are each subject to their own terms, you must comply with the Branded Content Policy. You must use appropriate disclosures including any functionality the Lemon8 Service provides to ensure that any posts that are, for example, sponsored are clear.

In short: Where you post about a brand or a product or service in return for any payment or other incentive then you should read our Branded Content Policy and ensure you follow those additional rules.

8. Respecting the intellectual property rights of others
We respect copyright and other intellectual property rights. Please read our Intellectual Property Policy. You can report suspected infringements of intellectual property rights on either the Lemon8 or TikTok Service here:

Copyright: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/Copyright

Trademark: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/Trademark

In short: We respect the intellectual property rights of others. If you see something that infringes on someone else's rights, please let us know.

9. Ownership of content and grant of licences
We don't own your content. If you are the owner of the intellectual property rights in the content that you make available on the Lemon8 Service, then nothing in these Terms changes that.

To provide the Lemon8 Service, we need certain rights from you (called a licence). The details of these licences are set out below.

By creating, posting or otherwise making content available on the Lemon8 Service, you grant to Lemon8 a:

non-exclusive (which means that you can licence your content to others),
royalty-free (which means that we don't pay you for this licence),
transferable (which means that we can give the rights you give us to someone else),
sub-licensable (which means that we can licence your content to others, e.g. to service providers that help us to provide the Lemon8 Service or to trusted third parties that have entered into agreements with us to operate, develop and provide the Lemon8 Service) and
worldwide (which means that the licence applies anywhere in the world)
licence to use your content, including to reproduce (e.g. to copy), adapt or make derivative works (e.g. to translate and/or create captions), perform and communicate your content to the public (e.g. to display it), for the purposes of operating, developing and providing the Lemon8 Service, subject to your Lemon8 Service settings.
The licence to your content that you grant to us extends to TikTok and our other affiliates as part of making the Lemon8 Service available.

You also grant to each user of the Lemon8 Service a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide licence to access and use your content, including to reproduce (e.g. to copy, share or download), adapt or make derivative works (e.g. to include your content in their content) perform and communicate that content to the public (e.g. to display it) using the features and functions of the Lemon8 Service for entertainment purposes, subject to your Lemon8 Service settings.

Your licences to Lemon8 and to users end when you close your account or when you or we remove your content from the Lemon8 Service in accordance with these Terms. However, due to the nature of the Lemon8 Service and our legal obligations, the licence granted will continue after you have removed your content to the extent that:

you have allowed, via your Lemon8 or TikTok Service settings, other users of the TikTok or Lemon8 Service to use or reuse your content (e.g. by using Duet, Stitch, download or share functionalities); or
we are obliged to store or process your content for legal reasons.
If you choose to submit comments, ideas or feedback to us, you agree that we are free to use them for the purposes of operating, developing, improving and providing the Lemon8 Service without compensation to you.
In short: When you post content to the Lemon8 Service, it remains yours, but we can use it to provide the Lemon8 Service, and if you choose to make your content available to others, we can show it to other users and those other users may be able to use it too. That is what our Lemon8 Service is all about. If you later take it down, copies of it made by other users may remain on the Lemon8 Service.

10. Additional Content and Usage Terms
You acknowledge and agree that Lemon8 and/or TikTok may generate revenues, increase goodwill or otherwise increase our value from your use of the Lemon8 Service, including, by way of example and not limitation, through the sale of advertising, sponsorships, promotions and usage data, and except as specifically permitted by us in the Terms or in another agreement you enter into with us, you have no right to share in any such revenue, goodwill or value whatsoever. You further acknowledge that, except as specifically permitted by us in the Terms or in another agreement you enter into with us, you (i) have no right to receive any income or other consideration from any User Content (as defined in the TikTok Terms) or your use of any musical works, sound recordings or audiovisual clips made available to you on or through the Lemon8 Service, including in any User Content created by you, and (ii) are prohibited from exercising any rights to monetise or obtain consideration from Lemon8 or its affiliates for any User Content posted to the Lemon8 or TikTok Service or on any third party service (e.g. you cannot claim User Content that has been uploaded to a social media Service such as YouTube for monetisation from us).

Any content you post to the Lemon8 Service shall be treated in the same way and considered the same as User Content posted on TikTok. For the avoidance of doubt, any and all rights, licences, disclaimers, representations, and/or warranties granted, held, reserved, made, or waived in connection with your content under the TikTok Terms shall apply to your content that is posted on the Lemon8 Service.

By linking your TikTok Account to the Lemon8 Service, you acknowledge and agree that the content you post on either the Lemon8 Service or TikTok Service may be cross-posted on the other Service. The terms governing your content in the TikTok Terms will apply to User Content that you post on the Lemon8 Service, regardless of which Service it was originally posted on or is subsequently displayed on.

If you wish to file a complaint about information or materials uploaded by other users, or if you have any concerns that any content violates the TikTok Community Guidelines, infringes your rights, contains illegal material, commissions, facilitates or encourages any illegal or unlawful acts or otherwise violates these Terms, please contact us at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/feedback.

If you think we have made a mistake in removing or restricting access to your content, you can appeal through the appeal functionalities provided on the Lemon8 Service and we will review our decision and decide again. Further information on how to submit an appeal and our complaint handling process is set out here.

11. What we promise to you
We promise to provide the Lemon8 Service to you with reasonable skill and care and to act with professional diligence for so long as we choose to offer the Lemon8 Service. We will also take all reasonable steps to keep the Lemon8 Service a safe and secure environment for our users. We do not promise to offer the Lemon8 Service forever or in its current form for any particular period of time.

The content on the Lemon8 Service is mostly user generated content provided by the individuals and businesses that use the Lemon8 Service. In other words, neither Lemon8 nor TikTok is the creator of most of the content on the Lemon8 Service (although Lemon8 and/or TikTok may produce some content). Therefore, subject to any mandatory regulations or laws (including sectorial regulations or laws) applicable to Lemon8 or TikTok, neither Lemon8 nor TikTok can, and do not, promise that any of the content that you find on the Lemon8 Service generated by users:

is accurate, complete or up-to-date;
does not infringe third party rights;
is legal; or
that it will not offend you.
You understand and agree that the content you may see on the Lemon8 Service does not represent our views or values and may not be suited to your purpose.

The Lemon8 Service may contain links to third party websites, advertisements, services, offers or other events or activities that are not provided, owned or controlled by TikTok. We do not endorse any such third party websites, advertisements, services, offers, events, activities, information, materials or products. You use them at your own risk.

Provided that we have acted with professional diligence, we do not take responsibility for loss or damage caused by us, unless it is:

caused by our breach of these Terms; or
reasonably foreseeable at the time of entering into these Terms (i.e. either it is obvious that it will happen or, at the time of this contract, it is known that it might happen).
We do not take responsibility for loss or damage if it is caused by events beyond our reasonable control.

Nothing in these Terms affects any statutory rights that you cannot contractually agree to alter or give up, or are legally always entitled to, for example, because you are a consumer.

We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. You will always have the full protections of the laws that apply to you.

12. Changes to these Terms or the Lemon8 Service
In addition to the changes TikTok may make to the TikTok Service or TikTok Terms, Lemon8 may also make changes to these Lemon8 Terms or the Lemon8 Service from time to time. If we do, we will handle such changes the same way as TikTok does.

We will consider your reasonable interests before doing so.
We will also give you reasonable advance notice, in a transparent manner, of significant changes which will impact you and the date that they will come into force. The changes will only apply to our relationship going forward.
Where we need to make urgent changes for security, safety, legal or regulatory requirements, we may not be able to provide you with advance notice, but we will let you know as soon as we are able to.
If you do not agree to the changes to the Terms or the Lemon8 Service, you will have to stop using the Lemon8 Service.
13. Reasons for Change
Similar to TikTok, reasons that we might make changes to these Terms or the Lemon8 Service include:

changes in circumstances beyond our reasonable control;
changes in the law;
changes we make to the Lemon8 Service in the usual course of developing our product;
adapting to new technologies;
reflecting changes in the number of people who use the Lemon8 Service or any relevant feature or functionality of the Lemon8 Service; or
addressing a security issue.
14. Suspending or ending our relationship
Your rights to end your relationship with us, and our rights to terminate or suspend your access to the Lemon8 Service, are governed by the termination provisions set out in the TikTok Terms. Remember that terminating your TikTok account will also terminate your access to the Lemon8 Service linked to that account.

15. What happens if you breach these Terms
If you breach these Lemon8 Terms, or if we suspect that you have breached these Terms, our right to take action against you will be governed by the provisions set out in the TikTok Terms.

16. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These Lemon8 Terms, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by English law.

However, if you are a consumer resident in another part of the United Kingdom (Scotland or Northern Ireland), you will benefit from any mandatory provisions of the law of the country in which you are resident, and you may bring legal proceedings in either the English courts or the courts of your home country.

17. Dispute Resolution
We will try to resolve any disputes with you amicably. If we are unable to resolve a dispute informally, you or we may choose to resolve the dispute through mediation or arbitration, or through the courts as described in the TikTok Terms.

In addition, you have a right to bring a claim for our breach of contract before the courts of England and Wales where, otherwise than in accordance with the Terms:

Content which you generate, upload or share is taken down, or access to it is restricted; or
You are suspended or banned from the Lemon8 Service.
Additionally, if you are a consumer resident in the UK, you may access the European Commission's online dispute resolution (ODR) Service at https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr. While the UK is no longer an EU member state, some UK businesses continue to use ODR Services. We do not currently commit to using an ODR Service or any specific Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) provider but will consider reasonable requests to use ADR.

18. Online Safety Act Compliance
Lemon8 is subject to the Online Safety Act ("OSA") in the UK. This webpage provides further information. The information on the pages linked in this Section 18 forms part of these Lemon8 Terms.

We take measures to protect users from illegal content. Details on how we do this are available here.
Information about how Lemon8 uses proactive technology in connection with illegal content is available here.
We take a wide range of measures to protect users, including younger users aged 13-17. We take measures to protect children from encountering harmful content. Details on how we do this are available here.
Details of Lemon8's complaints policies and procedures can be found here.
Information about how Lemon8 Service uses proactive technology to comply with child safety duties is available here.
We have adopted a range of measures to ensure that younger users have an age appropriate experience on the Lemon8 Service. Details on these measures and how they work are available here.