Terms
Terms And Conditions - Linktree
We’ve made some changes to our
Privacy Notice
and
Terms and Conditions
to address upcoming features and to give you more clarity on how we collect and use your information.
Log in
Sign up free
Get 33% Off Pro
Terms & Conditions
Effective Date: 15 December 2025
Linktree is a content sharing and scheduling platform that enables creators to connect their audiences with their most recent and relevant content. One of our core values is to pursue deliberate simplicity — so we’ve tried to distill our terms and conditions into their simplest, most accessible form here.
1. Welcome to Linktree!
It’s great to have you here. These Terms & Conditions, along with the linked policies ("Terms"), govern your use of our services which include Linktree (
https://linktr.ee/
),
tr.ee
(
https://tr.ee/links
) and Plann (
https://www.plannthat.com/
), their apps and related software or features (collectively referred to as the “Platform” or “Linktree”).
When we use terms like “we,” “our,” or “us” in these Terms, we’re talking about Linktree Pty Ltd (ABN 68 608 721 562), Plann and our group companies.
By using Linktree, you’re agreeing to these Terms. Additionally, our help articles include important information relating to your use of our Platform. Please take the time to read these Terms carefully, and feel free to get in touch if you have any questions. If you don’t agree with these Terms, please don’t use Linktree.
2. Changes to these Terms
Linktree is constantly evolving and improving. From time to time we may make changes to the Platform or these Terms. We may need to change these Terms to reflect business updates, changes to the Platform (including if we decide to discontinue any functionality, features or part of the Platform), legal or commercial reasons, or otherwise to protect our legitimate interests. We can make these changes at any time and it’s your responsibility to check these Terms now and then for any changes.
If we make a change that will have a material negative effect on you, as reasonably determined by us, we’ll use our best efforts to notify you at least one (1) month before the change takes effect. Your continued use of the Platform after any changes to the Terms is taken as your acceptance of the revised Terms. If you don’t agree with the changes, we ask you to please stop using Linktree and terminate your account in accordance with Clause 10. Suspension or Termination of Your Account.
3. Your Account
To create an account and become a Linktree user, you agree to comply with these Terms and confirm that you’re over 18 and legally able to accept these Terms. You must provide us with accurate information about yourself and in some cases, you may be required to verify your account or third party accounts. You are responsible for keeping this information up to date so if anything changes, please let us know so we can update your details.
Limited Linktree user accounts, which allow individuals to interact with Linktree Profiles (for example, by subscribing, messaging, or purchasing), are deemed Linktree Users and are subject to these Terms and all applicable policies.
If you’re using Linktree on behalf of a business or individual, you confirm that you’re authorized by them to agree to these Terms on their behalf.
You’re responsible for the security of your account and ensuring it is only used in a lawful manner. We recommend that you create a strong password and do not share this with anyone. If you think your account has been compromised, please contact us immediately. You must not assign or transfer your account to someone else or use your account (or allow it to be used by anyone) in a way which in our reasonable opinion, causes damage to Linktree or our reputation, or infringes another’s rights or applicable laws and regulations. You also agree that you will not use automated devices such as bots or scripts to create multiple accounts.
4. Your Username
When you create a Linktree account, you’ll need to choose a suitable username that respects everyone’s rights. We understand your username holds significance, but it must also be appropriate for all users and avoid infringing on anyone’s rights, including intellectual property (“IP”) rights like copyright and trademarks. You can’t use someone else’s name, like a celebrity or brand, or pick a username that’s offensive, vulgar, or unrelated just to profit from it later (referred to as “Domain Squatting”).
If any issues arise with your username, we’ll assess the situation fairly and may ask you to change it (it might be reassigned too). If you decline, we may suspend or terminate your account. If someone claims your username violates their IP rights, they must file an
Intellectual Property report
, and you’ll have the chance to respond with a Counter Notice.
If you haven’t logged in, added new links, or seen traffic on your account for the past 6 months, we may, in our discretion, reclaim or reassign your username without notice.
5. Managing Your Plan
You can sign up to Linktree on a free or paid plan, through a free trial or promotional coupon code and cancel at any time. Your plan will start when you accept these Terms and continue until a) you terminate it or b) we cancel it in accordance with these Terms (see Clause 10. Suspension or Termination of Your Account). By initiating your first subscription fee payment, you authorise us to charge you recurring subscription fees on an ongoing basis. UNLESS YOU NOTIFY US OF YOUR INTENT TO CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTION (IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CANCELATION TERMS SET OUT IN THIS CLAUSE 5), YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOUR SUBSCRIPTION WILL AUTOMATICALLY CONTINUE AND YOU AUTHORISE US TO AUTOMATICALLY CHARGE YOUR PAYMENT METHOD FOR THE AMOUNT OF YOUR SUBSCRIPTION FEE AND ANY APPLICABLE TAXES ON EACH PERIODIC RENEWAL DATE. We acknowledge that some states and countries have mandatory laws regarding your cancelation rights and therefore, this paragraph will not override those laws.
We reserve the rights, at our sole discretion, to make changes to or modify our subscription plans at any time. Such changes or modifications may include, but are not limited to, adding new features or functionalities to a subscription plan (which may increase the subscription fees), discontinuing or removing features or functionalities from a subscription plan (which may decrease the subscription fees) and increasing or decreasing the different types of subscription plans that are available. If we do so, we will provide you with reasonable advance notice of any changes that we reasonably determined to have a material effect. If you continue to use the Platform after the effective date of any changes, this means that you have agreed to sign up to the new subscription plan which may include an increase or decrease to the subscription fees that you are paying. If you do not agree, you may cancel your subscription in accordance with our cancelation policy below.
If you cancel a paid plan it will ordinarily continue until the end of your current billing cycle and then automatically convert to a free plan. To cancel, please visit the billing (Linktree) or subscription (Plann) page in your admin. To the extent permitted by applicable law, payments are non-refundable. However, we know that sometimes your requirements may change. So, if you’ve selected a paid plan, but cancel within 72 hours, we may, in our discretion, make an exception. Please email us at support@linktr.ee for Linktree or support@plannthat.com for Plann.
If you downloaded our app and purchased your plan using your Apple ID or Google Play Store account, you’ll need to cancel by following the instructions provided by
Apple
or
Google
. Please note that Linktree is unable to process refunds in these circumstances. You can request a refund from Apple on the
Apple Support
webpage or Google by following
these instructions
. If you have canceled your plan and would like to permanently delete your account, you can do so via the admin page. Remember, if you delete your account, you won’t be able to reactivate it or retrieve any of the content or information you have added to your profile.
6. Your Content
We love the variety of content that our users post on Linktree! However, we want to ensure that everyone who visits the Platform can do so safely – that’s why we have our
Community Standards
. These standards set out what content is and isn’t allowed on Linktree, so please make sure you follow them, otherwise we may suspend or permanently remove your account.
When we talk about your “content”, we mean the text, graphics, videos, links, messages, broadcasts, notifications, AI-generated responses and media, products and any other materials you add to your Linktree profile or any materials used to interact with visitors or consumers through your Linktree profile. You’re responsible for your content and you warrant that:
The content you post is yours, or if you’re using third-party materials, you have the necessary rights to share them on Linktree (and allow us to use them as per these Terms)
Your content will not infringe on anyone’s privacy, publicity, intellectual property, or any other rights.
Your content is accurate and honest: it shouldn’t be misleading, deceptive, or violate any laws, and it shouldn’t harm our reputation.
Your content is free from harmful elements like viruses or disruptive code that could damage the Platform or other systems.
Your content doesn’t contain automated collection tools: don’t use scripts or scraping tools to gather information from profiles or the Platform.
You will refrain from posting unauthorized ads, solicitations, or endorsements on Linktree.
Your content aligns with our Community Standards.
Since laws and regulations can differ across the countries we operate in, we might ban content that is considered legal in some regions but not others. We reserve the right to take appropriate steps to keep Linktree safe, including content removal or access restriction.
7. What We Can Do with Your Content
We love your content and want to show it off. When you post content on your Linktree profile, you grant us a licence to (a) use, publicly display, distribute, modify, adapt and create derivative works of such content; and (b) use your name, image, voice, photograph, likeness and any other personal attributes in the content; on the Platform and in our marketing in all media (such as our social channels and any other advertising). This license is worldwide, royalty-free and perpetual, which means we can use your content anywhere in the world, without paying you fees, for as long as we like. You agree that you have all third party rights necessary to post the content on Linktree and to grant us this license.
You’ll retain all of your rights in your content. Keep in mind that your content will be publicly accessible, and may be used and re-shared by others on Linktree and across the internet.
Please don’t share personal info on Linktree that you don’t want visible to the world. Never post social security numbers, passport details or similar information that could cause harm in the wrong hands. You may only post another person’s personal information where you have their consent and have kept a record of it. We don’t have to monitor the accuracy, reliability or legality of your content, but we may choose to do so.
We may modify, remove or restrict access to content at any time in line with these Terms or apply a sensitive content warning to content that we deem unsuitable for all audiences.
8. Your Responsibility to Your Visitors and Customers
You are responsible for visitors to your profiles (“Profile Visitors”), which include users who may provide you with personal information via a contact form, subscribe to your profile or customers who purchase products or services through your profile - collectively known as “End Users”. You bear the sole responsibility for (a) how End Users engage with your profile and content, (b) ensuring that all your interactions with End Users, such as the sale of your products or services, data collection processes and email marketing are compliant with all applicable laws concerning your End Users, and (c) ensuring that transactions conducted between you and End Users via your profile are in accordance with the terms and conditions of our third party Payout Provider (see more under Clause 9. Monetizing your Content).
You may have access to features that allow for End Users to support you through monetary donations. You acknowledge that any donations received are voluntary and without expectation of any goods or services in return. This feature may only be utilized exclusively for personal donation collection, not for fundraising on behalf of charities or other causes.
9. Monetizing Your Content
You may be admitted to one of Linktree’s monetization programs or have access to some monetization features on the Platform (each a "Monetization Program”). Monetization Programs include (a) the sale of digital products or services to your End Users via your Linktree account (such as but not limited to downloads, courses and communities), the earnings from which we refer to as “Direct Earnings”; and (b) any other Monetization Program offered on the Platform (such as but not limited to commissions from affiliate sales), the earnings from which we refer to as “Partner Earnings” Direct Earnings and Partner Earnings will be collectively referred to as “Earnings” The following terms apply to the Monetization Programs:
Payment Providers: You acknowledge and agree that Linktree may, from time to time and in its sole discretion, designate certain third-party payment providers to make settlement payments and payouts in connection with the Monetization Program.
For Direct Earnings: To participate in the Monetization Program for Direct Earnings, you must first establish a payment processing account (“Processing Account”) with the third party payment processor designated by us (“Payment Processor”) and enter into a direct agreement with the Payment Processor for payment processing services (“Processing Agreement”). You are required to provide the Payment Processor with any requested information (including your bank account information) to establish a Processing Account to participate in the Monetization Program for Direct Earnings. The Payment Processor may change the terms of the Processing Agreement  over time and it is your responsibility to keep abreast of and review these changes.
For Partner Earnings: To receive payouts in connection with the Monetization Program for Partner Earnings, you are required to enroll and establish a user account (“Payout Account”) with the payout provider designated by us (“Payout Provider”) and provide such Payout Provider with any requested information (including your bank account information) in order for you to receive payouts of Partner Earnings. Additionally, you must accept to be bound by any terms and agreements as may be required by the applicable Payout Provider(s) (“Payout Terms”) in connection with your receipt of payouts of Partner Earnings under these Terms. The Payout Provider may change the Payout Terms over time and it is your responsibility to keep abreast of and review these changes.
If you are participating in both Direct Earnings and Partner Earnings you must enter into both a Processing Agreement and the Payout Terms.
Eligibility to Participate: To be eligible to participate in a Monetization Program, you must first satisfy (and continue to satisfy while participating in the Monetization Program) the following conditions (“Participation Conditions"):
you must reside in an eligible country for the relevant Monetization Program as defined by us on the Platform and as may be modified by us from time to time;
you must verify your email address with Linktree;
your Linktree account participating in the Monetization Program must remain active and in Good Standing. In order to be and remain in “Good Standing,” you must not violate (A) any of these Terms; (B) our
Community Standards
; (C) any applicable laws; or (D) any other applicable Linktree policies;
your user account with the Payment Processor and/or Payout Provider, as applicable, must not be restricted, terminated, suspended or canceled; and
other such eligibility criteria set by us in relation to participating in the relevant Monetization Program as published on the Platform from time to time.
If you fail to satisfy or no longer meet a Participation Condition at any point, we may limit or revoke your access to some or all of our Monetization Programs, at our absolute discretion.
Eligibility to Earn: In addition to the Participation Conditions above, to be eligible to earn payouts for Partner Earnings, you must first satisfy (and continue to satisfy) the following conditions (“Earning Conditions"):
you must (A) establish a Payout Account and provide the applicable Payout Provider with all required information in order to verify your identity or know your customer information (“KYC Information”); (B) provide the applicable Payout Provider, as applicable, with your account and routing information for a depository account held by you at an eligible financial institution or such other permitted issued payment credential where your Earnings funds will be deposited/pushed (such information is “Payment Information” and each account or payment described in the Payment Information is a “Designated Account”); and (C) be approved by Linktree and the applicable Payout Provider to participate in the Monetization Program and receive Partner Earnings. If the KYC Information or Payment Information is received by Linktree, you authorize Linktree to share that KYC Information and Payment Information with the Payout Provider;
any Pending Earnings (defined below under ‘Settlement and Payouts’) that are reflected in your Linktree account must meet the applicable minimum payout threshold that has been published on the Platform
here
(as may be updated from time to time) to qualify to convert to Available Funds (defined below under ‘Settlement and Payouts’); and
any other such eligibility criteria to receive payouts in connection with the Partner Earnings as published on the Platform from time to time.
You must satisfy and continue to satisfy each of the above Earning Conditions (in addition to the Participation Conditions) to earn and receive payouts of Partner Earnings as reflected in your Linktree account.
Settlement and Payouts:
For Direct Earnings, you will receive settlement payments from the Payment Processor pursuant to your Processing Agreement to the account you have designated to the Payment Processor, subject to any applicable transaction fees and processing fees.
For Partner Earnings, subject to any terms applicable to your relevant Payout Account, we generally make payments of Available Funds reflected in your Linktree account on a monthly basis to your Payout Account through the Payout Provider and we will endeavour to advise you if there are changes to this payout schedule. In these terms, “Available Funds” means (A) funds resulting from a closed commission that has been received and retained by Linktree because of a completed sale or action via an affiliate network within a Monetization Program, less any transaction and processing fees due (including the Linktree retained portion of the commission); and (B) other Partner Earnings in your Linktree account earned by you. Available Funds expressly
excludes
funds that appear as pending (“Pending Earnings”) in your Linktree account unless and until: (A) where applicable, the transactions for which your commission has been confirmed by the relevant affiliate network provider as final and not subject to any return window; and (B) you have met and continue to satisfy the Participation Conditions and the Earning Conditions, at which time such Pending Earnings will be converted to Available Funds. YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO RECEIVE (AND LINKTREE HAS NO OBLIGATION TO PAY) ANY PENDING EARNINGS UNLESS AND UNTIL SUCH PENDING EARNINGS ARE CONVERTED INTO AVAILABLE FUNDS. If Linktree or Payout Provider terminates your participation in a Monetization Program or Payout Account, as applicable, or removes your Linktree account for any reason, or if you terminate your own account, then, where possible, Linktree will use commercially reasonable efforts to pay any Available Funds as of the date of termination to your Payout Account. EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO PENDING EARNINGS (INCLUDING AS OF THE DATE OF TERMINATION FOR ANY REASON) AND PENDING EARNINGS MAY NOT BE CONVERTED TO AVAILABLE FUNDS AFTER TERMINATION.
To update your Payment Information for your Designated Account, you must follow the instructions provided by Linktree on the Platform or the Payment Processor or Payout Provider, as applicable. Linktree, Payment Processor and the Payout Provider (as applicable) are authorized to rely on any changes to the Payment Information made through your Linktree account, Processing Account or Payout Account (as applicable).
Seller of Record for Direct Earnings: If you participate in the Monetization Program for Direct Earnings, you acknowledge that any sales of digital products or services made through Linktree is a transaction directly between you (the “Seller”) and your End User. You acknowledge that you are the seller of record (“Seller of Record”), which means that you will be responsible for the creation, operation, promotion, sale and transacting of the products or services. This includes, but is not limited to, fulfilling the sale and providing the product and/or service, refunds, returns, chargebacks, any required legal disclosures, complying with any legal or regulatory obligations to the End Users (including but not limited to consumer protection laws and marketing laws in any jurisdiction where you offer products or services), fraudulent or unlawful transactions, losses associated with any currency conversion differences, and compliance with these Terms. You warrant that any product that you sell through Linktree will be true, accurate, and complete and will not violate our Terms, any applicable laws, regulations or rights of any third parties. For the avoidance of doubt, Linktree will not be the Seller of Record and will have no responsibility with regards to the sale of your products or to your End Users. Despite anything to the contrary, and without limitation, you are solely responsible for and agree to indemnify us for all liabilities associated with your use of the Monetization Program for Direct Earnings and the Processing Account, including losses resulting from your products or services, chargebacks, refunds, identity theft, data breach, non-compliance with applicable laws or payment network rules, fraud and any assessments or fees imposed by Payment Processor, a sponsor bank, the payment networks or any third party.
Commissions: Linktree may negotiate with brands or merchants to offer certain commission rates on affiliate sales or actions taken on a product via Linktree. Rates are subject to change at any time. Current rates will be displayed in your Linktree dashboard. Linktree may, in our sole discretion, opt to fix your commission rate for a certain time, and we will provide you with notification of any such modification. If you are using Linktree to independently advertise, promote or facilitate the sale of products that are subject to affiliate commissions from third parties (e.g. you are adding products directly to your storefront that are part of an affiliate program you are signed up to with a third party), this does not form part of the Monetization Programs and Linktree is not responsible for the payment of those commissions or your relationship with that third party affiliate network.
Commission and Paid Partnership Disclosures:
If you stand to earn a commission from an affiliate link or transaction, including through Partner Earnings, you are legally obligated to disclose that information to your End Users. You agree to adhere to all applicable law surrounding disclosure of commission. You must not upload any content to the Platform which generates confusion around your commission status, or that of Linktree.
If you are advertising a product or service as part of a partnership arrangement with a third party outside of Linktree’s Monetization Programs, you must follow all applicable laws regarding disclosure of that partnership to your End Users. Linktree has no obligation or liability with respect to your paid partnerships with third parties.
Where Linktree helps facilitate disclosures in connection with this clause (eg. with a disclaimer on your profile or the relevant link), you agree that you will not take any action to remove or otherwise disable or disguise this disclosure. If you fail to comply with your local legal requirements, Linktree takes no responsibility for any losses suffered by you and you agree to indemnify Linktree with respect to any losses or costs incurred by Linktree as a result.
Gifts: If you are advertising, promoting or facilitating the sale of a product or service which was gifted to you, and your territory mandates disclosure of that information, you agree to comply with all applicable legal requirements. If you fail to comply with your local legal requirements, Linktree takes no responsibility for any losses suffered by you and you agree to indemnify Linktree with respect to any losses or costs incurred by Linktree as a result.
10. Suspension or Termination of Your Account
If you don’t follow these Terms, or
Community Standards
or any other linked policies we have the right to suspend or terminate your account, or take other action regarding your account or adjust how the Platform works for you. For example, if you miss paying your fees on time, we could switch your paid plan to a free one with fewer features. If you misuse a Monetization Program or do not meet the Participation and/or Earning Conditions, we could remove your access to the Monetization Program.
The steps we take will depend on the nature of the non-compliance. In some cases, we might not suspend or terminate your account. However, if there’s a repeated or significant non-compliance, we’re more likely to consider those measures. We may also suspend or terminate your account if we are required to do so to comply with a legal requirement or court order or if we reasonably believe that it is necessary to prevent harm to you, us, other users or third parties. If we do suspend or terminate your account, we aim to notify you beforehand, although we’re not obligated to do so.
If you have a free account or are on a non-paying subscription and have not logged in or seen traffic to your account for an extended period of time (for example, 6 months) we reserve the right to terminate your account without notice.
If we terminate or suspend your account under this clause, please be aware that you won’t receive a refund for any fees paid in advance, unless required by law. We won’t be responsible for any content that is lost as a result of your account being suspended, terminated or downgraded to a free account (including where functionality that you previously had under a paid account is lost). If you believe your account was mistakenly terminated or if you encounter issues with these Terms or the Platform, please get in touch with us at support@linktr.ee for Linktree and support@plannthat.com for Plann. We’re committed to making good-faith efforts to resolve the matter, and neither party will initiate legal action concerning the issue until we’ve spent at least one (1) month working together to find a resolution.
11. Feedback
We love hearing your ideas on how we can make Linktree even better! Sometimes, we may make “beta” functionality available to you and seek your feedback. Keep in mind that if you share feedback with us, we’re free to use it however we like, without payment to you (or to not use it at all). We may from time to time make certain functionality of the Platform available to you in “beta” (or similar).
You acknowledge that we are still evaluating and testing such beta functionality and it may not be as reliable as other parts of the Platform.
12. Our Platform
We, as the owners of the Platform, grant you a limited right to use it for sharing content and interacting with other users’ content. However, please note that we are not responsible for any content, products, or services made available through other users’ profiles. All rights, including IP Rights, related to the Platform (excluding your content) (referred to as “Linktree IP”), are exclusively owned by Linktree or our licensors. You do not acquire any rights in the Linktree IP, and you are not allowed to use it, including our brand name or logo, for any purpose without our prior written approval, such as implying a partnership or endorsement from Linktree.
As a user, we grant you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, and non-transferable right to use the Platform for creating, displaying, using, playing, and uploading content in accordance with these Terms. You must not, as a user, a Profile Visitor or in any other capacity, use scripts, bots, scraping tools or other automated means or processes to access, download, extract, aggregate or otherwise collect content or information from Linktree user profiles or the Platform.
If we provide you with images, icons, themes, fonts, videos, graphics, or other content, please only use them on your profile and in line with any guidelines we make available to you. Please don’t remove, hide, or alter any proprietary notices or trademarks on the Platform. Copying, reproducing, distributing, licensing, selling, reselling, modifying, translating, disassembling, decompiling, decrypting, reverse-engineering, or attempting to derive the source code of the Platform or any part of it is strictly prohibited.
When you visit Linktree profiles as a Profile Visitor we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, and non-transferable right to view and interact with the Platform through user profiles. Some users (the Seller) may offer products or services (including digital products) for purchase or may offer deals and sponsored links to purchase a product from a brand on their profile. If you choose to purchase or interact with this content, you acknowledge that you will be transacting directly with the Seller and/or the brands. This means that Linktree does not have any liability or obligations towards you with respect to the purchase(s), including but not limited to, providing the products or services, the quality of the products or services, customer support, disputes, refunds or chargebacks, maintenance and errors or bug fixes. Further, we cannot guarantee the identity of the Seller and/or brands or the validity of any claims or descriptions they make on their products or services. Sellers and/or brands may also have their own terms or policies that apply to their products or services and you are responsible for agreeing to and complying with these rules as non-compliance may result in loss of access to your purchase/s.
To the extent allowed by law, we are also not responsible for any opinions, advice, statements, offers, or other content posted by other users on their profiles
13. Fees and Payment
Subscription fees: If you’ve chosen a paid plan, make sure to pay subscription fees on time. Depending on your location, your subscription fees may include transactional taxes that are exclusive of your subscription fees and you are responsible for paying them (see Clause 14. Tax Requirements for more information). Subscription fees are billed in advance on a recurring basis, depending on whether you’ve selected a monthly or annual billing cycle. At the end of each billing cycle, your paid plan will automatically renew under the updated Terms, unless you decide to cancel. When you sign up, you must provide accurate billing details and a valid payment method (like a credit card). This authorization allows us to charge the applicable fees. In case of automatic billing failure (for example, due to payment platform issues or your payment method has expired), you’ll receive an online invoice that needs to be settled within the specified timeframe. Linktree also reserves the right to delay or cancel any payment that has failed or for the purposes of preventing unlawful activity, fraud and/or to conduct a risk or security assessment or investigation. If we do so, we may suspend your account until our assessment is complete.‍
Linktree transaction fees: We may apply a transaction fee on your Earnings from the Monetization Programs. These fees vary based on your chosen plan and are outlined on our website. If transaction fees apply, they will be deducted from the Available Funds for Partner Earnings and/or the settlement payments for Direct Earnings before it is paid out to you. Keep in mind that any transactions where you are receiving payments may have additional fees and tax obligations that you are responsible for (see Clause 14. Tax Requirements for more information).
‍Third-party processing fees: Transactions on Linktree are facilitated by our third party Payment Processor and Payout Provider, for example Stripe, who may apply a processing fee. These processing fees are deducted from the Available Funds for Partner Earnings and/or the settlement payments for Direct Earnings before being paid out to you. It’s important to note that Linktree is not responsible for paying these specific fees.‍
Changes in fees: We may periodically adjust subscription or transaction fees. If any changes are made, we will provide you with reasonable prior notice. If you’re not in agreement with the updated fees, you have the option to cancel your plan before the next billing cycle begins.
14. Tax Requirements
“Tax” or “Taxes” means all applicable taxes, including but not limited to (a) indirect taxes such as goods and services tax (“GST”), value added tax (“VAT”), sales tax, fees, duties, levies and other similar taxes and (b) direct taxes such as transactional taxes (including withholding taxes) and income taxes. Applicable Taxes will be calculated in accordance with your relevant country, state, provincial, or local tax laws and any applicable tax charges will appear separately on your invoice.
Taxes on fees charged by Linktree: Whether your subscription fees will be inclusive or exclusive of Taxes will vary depending on the current applicable tax laws in your country or territory. Due to this, we may need to make updates to how we collect Taxes on fees to comply with these laws. If your subscription fees are exclusive of Taxes, this will be clearly reflected as a separate line item on your invoices. In the event that any payment from you to Linktree is subject to Taxes, Linktree will collect the full amount and you agree to reimburse and indemnify us for any Taxes, interest, and penalties that Linktree may be required to pay due to your non-payment. If an exemption applies, you must provide us with the required tax exemption documents before the issuance of the invoice. In the event that any payment is subject to (i) any withholding or similar tax; (ii) any Taxes not collected by Linktree; or (iii) any other Taxes or government levy, the full amount of that tax or levy shall be solely your responsibility and shall not reduce the fees amount to which Linktree is entitled to under these Terms. If applicable, we will provide any required tax forms to help reduce or eliminate withholding taxes.‍
Taxes on Earnings through the Platform: If you have made Earnings through any of our Monetization Programs (for example, the sale of a digital product or commissions earned on an affiliate link), you are responsible for all applicable Tax obligations related to these Earnings which may include transactional taxes and income taxes. Applicable Tax obligations will be based on the applicable tax laws in the location(s) that you have made your Earnings. To the extent Linktree is required to withhold taxes on any Earnings payable to you, we may deduct such amounts and remit them to the appropriate tax authorities, and you acknowledge and agree that your payment may be reduced accordingly. If you fail to comply with your local tax laws requirements, Linktree takes no responsibility for any losses suffered by you.‍
Tax Forms for Earnings:  Linktree, Payment Processor and/or the Payout Provider, as applicable, may be required to file certain required tax information returns or reports with relevant tax authorities. This includes, without limitation, IRS Form 1099-K, IRS Form 1099-NEC or other similar forms as may be required by your applicable country, state, or local tax laws. You understand and authorise us to electronically collect, prepare and report the total amount of Earnings received by you in connection with the Monetization Programs in each calendar year, as may be required by the applicable taxing authorities and will electronically use and disclose your taxpayer information (including personal and transaction data) as necessary to comply with any such tax obligations. You also consent to receive all related tax documents and communications electronically and acknowledge that electronic signatures and records are legally binding. We will not be liable for any penalty or other damages resulting from any tax form that is issued incorrectly due to the taxpayer information you have provided to us or our third parties and we have no obligation to investigate or validate such taxpayer information.
15. Privacy
At Linktree, safeguarding your privacy and that of your Profile Visitors is our priority. Our
Privacy Notice
and other attached policies outline how we handle your personal data for our internal purposes and your obligations (and ours) regarding privacy rights of visitors. Additionally, our Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”), which can be found in our
Trust Center
and is incorporated into these Terms by reference, defines your obligations (and ours) regarding the privacy rights of visitors to your profile. By creating your account, you confirm that if the DPA applies to you, you’ve read, understood, and consented to it. To learn about our cookie usage, refer to our
Cookie Notice
.
All data, including any IP rights associated with it, that either we or the Platform generate from your use (or the use of Profile Visitors or other users) of the Platform or content (“Data”) will be owned by Linktree. As part of the service offered on the Platform, we might provide you with Data or visual representations of it, which we refer to as “Data Analytics” While we make no warranties about the accuracy or completeness of the Data Analytics, we do our very best to ensure they are as accurate and complete as possible.
16. Confidentiality
From time to time, we may share information with you that is confidential (e.g. we may reveal new and upcoming features to you if you take part in beta testing with us). If we share any confidential info with you, about Linktree or the Platform, you must keep it secret and secure. You must also use reasonable measures to prevent others from accessing it. If you are participating in a Beta trial, and there is information we are comfortable with you sharing publicly as part of your participation, we will make that known to you.
17. Recommended Content
Linktree may suggest products or other content that may be interesting to you as a user of certain Linktree features, or to your audience. Linktree uses the data you provide and the data Linktree has about other users to make these recommendations. These recommendations are in no way an endorsement of the products or content by Linktree.
18. Liability
We want to clarify that we are not responsible for how you use the Platform, and it’s crucial that you maintain backups of your own content. We are not liable for any damages resulting from actions such as downloading, installing, or utilizing the Platform, or even copying, distributing, or downloading content from it. It’s on you to ensure your data, content, and devices are adequately protected and backed up while using the Platform. We are also not responsible for any comments, messages, views or remarks expressed in any content by you, Profile Visitors or other users on or through our Platform.
You agree to protect us from any losses that arise if you breach these Terms or if a third party raises a claim against us related to your content. Neither of us will be liable for indirect, punitive, special, incidental, or consequential damages. These might include losses in business, revenue, profits, privacy, data, goodwill, or other economic benefits. This applies whether the issue stems from a contract breach, negligence, or any other cause—even if we were aware of the potential for such damages.
Our liability to you under these Terms or related to the Platform will not go beyond the greater of the fees you paid us in the 12 month period before the liability emerged, or AUD $100.
19. Disclaimers
We want to make a few important disclaimers within these Terms. When you use Linktree and explore any content on the Platform, you’re doing so at your own risk. The Platform is provided to you “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE”, without any warranties of any kind, whether they’re express or implied, including (but not limited to), up-time or availability, or any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance. Linktree, its affiliates and its licensors do not make any express or implied warranties or representations, including that:
the Platform will function uninterrupted, securely or be available at any time or place;
any errors or defects will be corrected;
the Platform is free of viruses or other harmful components;
the Platform is effective or the results of using the Platform will meet your needs; or
any content on the Platform (including any user content) is complete, accurate, reliable, suitable or available for any purpose.
These Terms apply to the maximum extent permitted by law and nothing in them is intended to exclude, restrict or modify legal rights that you may have, which cannot be excluded, restricted or modified by contract. If these Terms are governed by the Australian Consumer Law, our liability to you for not complying with a consumer guarantee is limited to re-supply of the services or payment.
20. Third-party Services
Linktree collaborates and integrates with various third-party products and services. We may provide access to specific third-party features or services within the Platform, such as a payment portal, an e-commerce store or a brand and affiliate marketing portal. Certain Linktree features allow you to display, link to, or interact with content hosted on third-party media platforms when you authorize Linktree to access them, for example, embedding a YouTube video or showing your Instagram feed on your Linktree profile.
Your use of any third-party products or services connected through Linktree is subject to the separate terms and conditions and privacy notices of those third-party products or services, for which you are responsible to review, accept, and comply. Failure to accept or adhere to these third-party terms may result in the suspension, cancelation, or limitation of your account or access to these services on our Platform. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, we do not endorse or make any warranties about any third-party products or services, nor do we offer refunds for payments made to third parties.
If we are required to display specific third-party terms on our website, you can find them listed below. Additionally, our
Privacy Notice
includes a list of our subprocessors.
If you use our YouTube connected features, you agree to be bound by
YouTube’s Terms of Service
and to
Google’s Privacy Policy
.
If you use our Instagram connected features, you agree to be bound by
Instagram’s Terms of Use
and to
Meta’s Privacy Policy
.
If you use our Tik Tok connected features, you agree to be bound by
Tik Tok’s Terms of Service
and
Tik Tok’s Privacy Policy
.
21. App Terms
To use our app, you’ll need to download and install the software onto your mobile or tablet device. We may automatically update this software, and these Terms will apply to any updates. The following terms pertain specifically to the download and use of our app:
You’re granted a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable right to download and install the app on a single device that you own or control.
Please refrain from distributing or making the app available over a network where multiple devices can access it simultaneously.
If either you or we cancel your account, please ensure you delete the app from your device.
‍
When you download the app from the Apple or Google Play stores ("App Stores") you also agree that:
These Terms are made between you and Linktree (and not the App Store). However, if any of these Terms are inconsistent with the App Store terms, the applicable App Store term applies;
We are solely responsible for the app and its content, any maintenance and support services, product warranties (if we haven’t disclaimed them), product claims and third party claims that the app or your use or possession of it, infringes another’s IP Rights. If you have a complaint about the app, or become aware of any third party claim, please email us at support@linktr.ee for Linktree and support@plannthat.com for Plann (and not the App Store);
You’re not on a US government restricted parties list and you don’t live in a country which is subject to a US government embargo or designated as “terrorist supporting country”; and
The App Store and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of these Terms, and will have the right to enforce these Terms against you as such a beneficiary
22. Open Source
The app includes open source software components, and some of these components are subject to their own specific license terms. You can find these terms in our Open-Source Content library, which is accessible in the ‘Legal’ section of the app. If the license terms of a particular open source component don’t align with our terms outlined here, then these Terms won’t cover that component. Instead, the relevant license terms will govern your rights and responsibilities for that specific component.
23. A Few Last Things
Before you can start using Linktree, there are a few last important points we’d like to address:
Depending on your specific location, certain laws may apply to either you or us. In such cases, if these laws conflict with any portion of these Terms, the laws will prevail to the extent of the inconsistency.
These Terms, including the Privacy Notice and any linked policies, constitute the full agreement between you and us regarding the Platform. We won’t add any other terms, except when the law mandates it. We explicitly exclude all implied terms, except those required by statute that cannot be waived. If any part of these Terms is deemed invalid under a country’s laws, it will be removed from the Terms in that country, but the rest of the Terms will remain in effect.
These Terms are subject to the laws of Victoria and the Commonwealth of Australia. Both you and we agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in those areas. Our decision not to insist on or enforce any part of these Terms won’t be seen as a waiver of any provision or right. These Terms, as well as the Platform, do not establish an agent/principal relationship between you and us.
Any questions or comments? Please reach out to support@linktr.ee for Linktree and support@plannthat.com for Plann.
Jumpstart your corner of the
internet today
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.
Company
The Linktree Blog
Engineering Blog
Marketplace
What's New
About
Press
Careers
Link in Bio
Social Good
Contact
Community
Linktree for Enterprise
2023 Creator Report
2022 Creator Report
Charities
Creator Profile Directory
Explore Templates
Support
Help Topics
Getting Started
Linktree Pro
Features & How-Tos
FAQs
Report a Violation
Trust & Legal
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Trust Center
Cookies Preferences
Transparency Report
Law Enforcement Access Policy
Human Rights
Log in
Get started for free
We acknowledge the Traditional Custodians of the land on which our office stands, The Wurundjeri people of the Kulin Nation, and pay our respects to Elders past, present and emerging. Linktree Pty Ltd (ABN 68 608 721 562), 1-9 Sackville St, Collingwood VIC 3066