Disclaimer
The information contained on the Liputan6.com website is for general purposes only. This information is provided by Liputan6.com and we always try to maintain actual and correct information. We make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, regarding the accuracy of completeness, suitability or availability to the website or related information, products, services or images contained on this website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is at your own risk.

In no case shall we be responsible for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect loss or any damage arising from loss of data or profits arising from the use of this website.

Through this website you can link to other sites that are not under the control of Liputan6.com. We have no control over the content, nature and availability of these sites.

Every effort is made to maintain the website and it runs smoothly. However, Liputan6.com is not responsible for websites that are temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.

Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy) explains how we collect, store, use, process and protect identified personal information/data that you may provide or that we automatically record in connection with services available through the site (web) and applications under the auspices of PT Liputan Enam Dot Com.

On our site (web) there are various links that lead to other sites and for this we are not responsible for the policy of handling personal information on these sites. We strongly recommend that you always look at and study the policies for handling personal information on these sites before providing personal information.

1. Information We Collect
We collect your Personal Data provided to us and which is recorded automatically when using our services. Such Personal Data includes but is not limited to username; user identification; user interaction with services and advertising; transactions related to information; such as when you receive an offer; download (download); or use our application.

Your data that we store also includes Information that you provide when contacting us for help or feedback, Information that you enter into the system when using the service, such as contact information/login credentials; address; telephone number; e-mail address and credit card.

We and other third parties may also process data about your computer device, such as your IP address; browser type; Unique Device Identifier (for users who access our services via mobile phone); operating system; application version; and the latitude/longitude of your location (coordinates).

This data is usually anonymous, but is still considered personal data, either individually or when combined.

In providing this service, there may be a link that allows you to access and send your information to third party applications or sites, so any information you provide to other applications or sites is automatically deemed by you to agree, understand and follow the third party's Privacy Policy.

2. How We Use Your Information
We may and reserve the right to use the Information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products, programs, services, and to respond to your questions about our offers, in offering other products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you.

The information we collect in connection with online forums and communities is used as a means of communication and interactive experiences. We use this information to participate in these online forums and communities and from time to time, to offer products, programs, services or other experiences that will be created at a later date.

If you submit content for publication (for example, news-value information to our editors, comments on news content, a post to a blog or forum, photos and videos), we may publish your name and other information you provide to us.

We may and reserve the right to combine such information that we have collected through our services with information that we collect from other sources. If you register and create a profile on our Site, your identity and other content that you submit to your profile (e.g. photos, comments, videos, articles) will be displayed publicly on the Site and may be reused and distributed by us at our discretion.

We, other parties, advertisers, ad networks and providers of our platforms, agencies or partners may use your information (user experience) collected to improve the design and content of our Site, to convey more relevant marketing messages and advertising, to enable us to personalize your internet experience with the aim of conducting analysis in accordance with our policies.

We may and reserve the right to use this information to analyze use of the Site or our content, as well as to offer other products, programs or services in the future.

We may and reserve the right to use your Personal Data and other information collected for Social Media marketing, for digital and conventional marketing purposes such as sending you direct electronic mail and notifying you of new products, special offers or other information that we think will be of interest to you.

Please note that you may choose to opt out of any marketing materials we may send you. We expect you to follow the unsubscribe instructions set forth in our marketing materials if you choose to opt out of any marketing materials, and we will respect your wishes.

All content and information that you publish on the Site is yours, but by using our Site you grant non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, free-royalty, worldwide permission to the Site Developer to use any property such as content photos and videos that you publish when dealing with Application/Site Developers (web) or related organizations.

3. Sharing and Transferring Your Personal Data
We may and have the right to share your Personal Data with our affiliated companies, and we (and/or affiliated companies) may also disclose your Personal Data to third parties who collaborate with us, the police, courts, related legal institutions, advertising companies, agencies and advertising networks.

4. Consent
As stated above, by browsing and using the Site, or by enjoying the services of Us, or by registering for or using the services on the Site, or by clicking the "Confirm" button or equivalent when you create a new account on the site, then you:

Agree to all forms of services and our rules, both in all respects, but not limited to the use of other third parties in collecting, using, utilizing and/or processing the personal data mentioned above for the purposes described above; And

Agree with us and/or its affiliated companies, both those that have joined and those that will join in the future, to transfer your personal data out of Indonesian territory to our other partner (partner) locations in accordance with the location of the partner (partner), and other parties for the purposes as explained above.

Give us consent to process the information you provide as set out in the current Privacy Policy or any changes thereto. The processing in question is using information in various ways, including but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information but not limited to as described in these provisions.

5. Withdrawal of Consent and Deletion of Data
You can submit a request to delete your account and personal information at any time, by submitting the reasons to us and sending it to contact us and/or to the email address publishing@kly.id. By submitting this request, you will lose data on Liputan6, including: 1. Name; 2. Email; 3. Profile Picture (Facebook Login); 4. Date of Birth; 5. Gender; And 6. City.

In this way, we will stop collecting, using or disclosing your personal data and delete your personal information after notification, unless required by law or if we have valid reasons and considerations or for legal purposes.

Please note that by withdrawing your consent to the collection, use or disclosure of your personal data, we may not be able to continue providing our services to you, and if you withdraw and terminate this, you are deemed to have consented and understand that we will not be liable to you for any loss or damage arising from or related to termination of such services.

Your activity data will be automatically deleted after 30 (thirty) days from the request to delete account and activity data. You will not have the option to reactivate or retrieve the information. If the user wants to do activities again on the Platform, then you must register again

6. Cookie Policy
"Cookies" are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your hard drive or memory card via a web browser when you visit our site. This allows our own systems to recognize you when you return to visit our site and improve our services to you.

This information is used to track the use of Site visitors and compile statistical reports on Site activity. For more information about cookies, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.

Cookies may also be used to compile overall information about the most frequently visited areas of our Site. This Traffic Information may also be used to improve the content of our Site and make your use easier.

If you want to refuse our cookies, you can configure your browser to do so. However, If you do not enable cookies, you may not be able to access important functions or features on this Site, and you may only be able to use the Site on a limited basis.

7. IP Addresses
We store your IP (Internet Protocol) address, or computer location on the Internet, for system administration and troubleshooting purposes. We use your IP address as a whole (aggregate) to find out the locations that access our site.

8. Log Files
Log Files, or Data Logs are only used in aggregate (whole) form to analyze our web usage.

9. Access to or Repair of Your Personal Data
When you provide your Personal Data to us, please ensure that the data is accurate and complete. If there is an error in the data you provide to us, it is hoped that you will log in to your account on our site and immediately correct the information that is deemed incorrect. In addition, please update your Personal Data if there are any changes.

If you fail to correct errors or make any changes to the Personal Data that has been provided through our Site (web), you may send us your request in accordance with the contacts listed on this page, but we may charge you a reasonable fee for additional costs in responding to such requests. To protect your privacy and security, we will verify your identity before granting access or making changes to your Personal Data. We will endeavor to answer requests for access or rectification of your Personal Data as soon as possible, unless exceptions apply.

10. Protecting Your Personal Data
We protect your Personal Data under our ownership or control by maintaining reasonable security arrangements, including physical, technical and organizational procedures, to prevent unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, deletion or the same or related risks.

11. Links to Other Sites
Our site (web) may contain links to other sites which, however, once you have used such links to leave our site, you should be aware that we have no control over such other site (web). Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites (webs). Therefore, We recommend that you read the privacy statements of each site (web) you visit that collects personal information.

12. Registration and Membership
This site allows you to create a single user account by registering for membership, according to the data you provide. By providing data, registering, and creating an account, you guarantee that:

Information about you is true and accurate, current and complete as required in the registration form on the Site (web) ("Registration Data");

You will update this Registration Data to keep it true, accurate and complete;

Furthermore, you agree that We are not responsible for any loss or damage that may be suffered by Us, you or any third party, who experiences such loss or damage due to the inaccuracy and/or incomplete information provided by you.

After registering, you will receive a password and user identification ("Username"). You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and username as provided by you, and you are fully responsible for all related activities including username and/or password.

You can only use one username and password at a time and are not allowed to use more than one username. Your password is for your own use only, and you agree and understand to completely keep your password secret.

You agree to immediately notify Us of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security.

For greater security, please ensure that you log out or log out of your account after each completion of using this Site (web).

You agree that We will not be responsible for any loss or damage suffered by us, you or any third party arising from your failure to comply with these terms.

13. Approval of Privacy Policy Changes
By using the Site (web) or the services we provide, you agree to the collection, use, disclosure and processing of your Personal Data as regulated in this Privacy Policy.

If you use our services Further, we reserve the right to collect, use, disclose and process your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

We also reserve the right from time to time and without limitation to change the contents of some or all of the contents of this Privacy Policy, including this Site, and we are not obliged to notify you.

14. Priority Order
If you have agreed to all of Our Site (web) Terms, and if there are differences between the Site (web) Terms and this Privacy Policy, then the Website Terms will apply.

15. Compliance with Legal Process
We may convey personal information if ordered by law and/or to (1) for legal purposes or court proceedings; (2) protect and defend our copyrights, property rights and other rights; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our site (web); or (4) protect the personal or property security of our users or the public (among other things, this means that if you provide false information or pretend to be someone else, we may convey information about you as part of an investigation into your actions).