×
REPORT ABUSE
Content Report
to report phone or image misuse, or
suspected illegal activity
Scam Report
to report obvious scam or
irrelevant profiles
Email:  Invalid email
must authenticate your email for confirmation
OK
×
REPORT ABUSE
OK
If you are not getting our verification email,
then send the details of your Report to:
abuse-reports@listcrawler.eu
×
VALIDATION MESSAGE
OK
DON'T BE A FOOL OR A JERK
We try to keep scammers off the site.
Research before sending money.
Also, be nice, don't be rude.
Nobody needs that shit.
OK
READ MORE
×
VALIDATION MESSAGE
OK
ListCrawler Terms and Conditions

Last Update: Apr 16, 2024

Sfanti Grup Solutions SRL is the owner and operator of www.listcrawler.eu and any affiliated websites and related mobile versions (“ListCrawler, us, our, ours, etc.”). ListCrawler contains information aggregated from third party websites and links to external websites. The information found on such websites is not created or controlled by ListCrawler. These Terms and Conditions are a legal contract that establishes the relationship between you, the user, (“you, your, yours, etc.”) and us as it relates to the services we provide to you through ListCrawler (“Services”), including all text, images, graphics, photographs, audio, video, buttons, icons, animations, data, messages, software, and other content, information, or materials displayed on ListCrawler (“Materials”). By accessing ListCrawler or using the Services, you accept and agree to our website policies, including these Terms and Conditions, and you certify to us that (a) you are eighteen (18) years of age or older, and are at least the age of majority in your jurisdiction, (b) you have the legal capacity to enter into and agree to these Terms and Conditions, and (c) you are using the Services freely, voluntarily, willingly, and for your own personal enjoyment.

Users cannot post to ListCrawler. ListCrawler is an aggregator site that displays posts published by users of various third-party websites, including, but not limited to, MegaPersonals.eu, EscortBabylon.net, and other websites in the Babylon Network. You understand and agree that we have no control over, are not responsible for, and do not screen nor warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for the goods or services advertised or provided by users of third-party websites or third party website operators. We will not be a party to or be in any way responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and other providers of products or services. As with the purchase of a product or service through any medium or in any environment, you should use your best judgment and exercise caution where appropriate. You agree to hold us harmless from any and all damages and liability that may result from use of third-party websites that are linked on ListCrawler and any advertising, services, goods, products, or other materials available on such websites. We are not responsible for any use of confidential or private information by sellers or third parties. Further, you understand and agree that we may use certain third-party service providers to offer the Services to you. You agree that your use of any third-party websites or the goods or services provided thereon, and your use of any services provided by our third-party service providers, are governed by the terms and conditions of those third parties, not by these Terms and Conditions or our other policies. You understand and agree that you must agree to and abide by any user terms, privacy policy, or other policy that such third party requires you to agree to in order to use their services or purchase their products. In the event of a conflict between those policies and our policies, the terms of our policies shall govern. We reserve the right to disable or terminate any link at any time.

We reserve the right to revise these Terms and Conditions at any time. You agree that we have this unilateral right, and that all modifications or changes are in force and enforceable immediately upon posting. The updated version supersedes any prior versions immediately upon posting, and the prior version is of no continuing legal effect unless the revised version specifically refers to the prior version and keeps the prior version or portions thereof in effect. We agree that if we change anything in these Terms and Conditions, we will change the “Last Updated” date at the top of these Terms and Conditions. You agree to re-visit this page on a frequent basis, and to use the “Refresh” button on your browser when doing so. You agree to note the date above. If the “Last Updated” date remains unchanged from the last time you reviewed these Terms and Conditions, then you may presume that nothing in these Terms and Conditions has changed since the last time you visited. If the “Last Updated” date has changed, then you must review the updated Terms and Conditions in their entirety. You must agree to any updated Terms and Conditions or immediately cease use of ListCrawler. If you fail to review these Terms and Conditions as required to determine if any changes have been made, you assume all responsibility for such omission, and you agree that such failure amounts to your affirmative waiver of your right to review the updated terms. We are not responsible for your neglect of your legal rights.

1. Access

You understand that all we are offering you is access to ListCrawler and use of the Services as we provide them from time to time. You need to provide your own access to the Internet, hardware, and software, and you are solely responsible for any fees that you incur to access ListCrawler or use the Services. All users may access certain public areas of ListCrawler and use the Services and the Materials therein, free of charge. We grant all users a limited, nonexclusive, revocable, and nontransferable personal license to access and use only those Materials provided on free areas of ListCrawler for private, non-commercial purposes on a single computer or mobile device. We may temporarily suspend or permanently terminate your access to ListCrawler at any time, for any reason, in our sole discretion. We reserve the right to limit the amount of Materials viewed by or Services available to you. Your license to access ListCrawler and use the Services and the Materials is not a transfer of title. You will not copy or redistribute any Material, and you will prevent others from unauthorized access to, use of, or copying of the Materials.

2. Acceptable Use Policy

A. Prohibited Uses for All Users

You agree that you will only use ListCrawler, the Services, and the Materials for purposes expressly permitted and contemplated by these Terms and Conditions. You may not use ListCrawler, the Services, or the Materials for any other purposes without our express prior written consent. Without our express prior written authorization, you will not:

use the Services for any purpose other than as offered by us, including using the Services in any way that is prohibited by these Terms and Conditions or that is violative of any applicable law, regulation, or treaty of any applicable governmental body, including laws prohibiting sex trafficking and promotion or facilitation of illegal activities.
fail to comply with orders, judgments, or mandates from courts of competent jurisdiction.
access ListCrawler or use the Services if you are, or are required to be, a registered sex offender in any jurisdiction.
link to ListCrawler on any third-party website in any way that is illegal, unfair, or damages or takes advantage of our reputation, including any link which establishes or suggests a form of association, approval, or endorsement by us where none exists.
impersonate another individual or entity, whether actual or fictitious; falsely claim an affiliation with any individual or entity; misrepresent the source, identity, or contents of the Materials; or perform any other similar fraudulent activity.
circumvent, disable, damage, or otherwise interfere with the operations of ListCrawler, any user’s enjoyment of ListCrawler, or our security-related features or features that prevent, limit, or restrict the use of or copying of the Services that enforce limitations on the use of ListCrawler or the Materials, by any means, including disseminating viruses, adware, spyware, malware, logic bombs, Trojan horses, worms, harmful components, corrupted data, or other malicious code, file, or program designed to interrupt, destroy, limit, or monitor the functionality of any computer software or hardware or any telecommunications equipment.
reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise discover the source code of ListCrawler or any part of it, except and only if that activity is expressly permitted by applicable law despite this limitation.
access or use any automated process (such as a robot, spider, scraper, or similar) to access ListCrawler in violation of our robot exclusion headers or to scrape all or a substantial part of the Materials (other than in connection with bona fide search engine indexing or as we may otherwise expressly permit).
modify, adapt, translate, or create derivative works based on the Services or any part of them, except and only if applicable law expressly permits that activity despite this limitation.
commercially exploit or make available the Services or the Materials therein to third parties including any action to “frame” or “mirror” ListCrawler.
take any action that imposes or may impose (in our sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our technology infrastructure or otherwise make excessive demands on it.
attempt to do any of the acts described in this section or assist or permit any person in engaging in any of the acts described in this section.

Engaging in any Prohibited Use will be considered a breach of these Terms and Conditions and may result in your access to ListCrawler being temporarily or permanently disabled, without notice, in our sole discretion. We may pursue any legal remedies or other appropriate actions against you if you engage in any of the above Prohibited Uses or any unauthorized use of the Services, including civil, criminal, or injunctive relief. Any unauthorized use of the Services or our computer systems violates these Terms and Conditions and certain international, foreign, and domestic laws.

B. WE HAVE A ZERO TOLERANCE POLICY FOR SEX TRAFFICKING OR OTHER ILLEGAL ACTIVITIES

The solicitation, promotion, and facilitation of sex trafficking or other illegal activities are strictly prohibited. If you use ListCrawler to engage in such activity, we may temporarily or permanently disable your access to ListCrawler and take other appropriate action.

C. WE HAVE A ZERO TOLERANCE POLICY FOR CHILD EXPLOITATION

You understand that all depictions on ListCrawler are of persons over the age of eighteen (18) on the date of production. If you seek any form of child sexual abuse material (whether real or virtual), you must exit ListCrawler immediately. We do not provide or promote underage materials, and we do not tolerate those who seek underage materials. In order to further our zero-tolerance policy, you agree to report any images, real or simulated, that appear to depict minors on ListCrawler.

D. Reporting Violative Materials or Activities

If you are aware of any Materials on ListCrawler or any user engaging in activities that violate these Terms and Conditions, please contact us HERE and provide as much detail as possible, including a description of the objectionable Materials or the location where we may find them, the date and geographic location of any reported advertisement, the date and time the Materials were identified, the reason we should remove the objectionable Materials or investigate the activities, and a statement certifying the accuracy of the information you provided to us.

E. Law Enforcement

We will fully cooperate with law enforcement authorities or orders from courts of competent jurisdiction, requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or location of any user in breach of these Terms and Conditions, in accordance with our privacy policies, law enforcement policies, and applicable law or regulation. If your activity results in ListCrawler receiving a subpoena, discovery request, production order, judicial authorization, search warrant, or court order that causes ListCrawler to incur expenses, court costs, or legal fees for compliance, you agree to reimburse us for any such expenses, costs, or legal fees upon our request.

3. Dispute Resolution and Damages

A. Governing Law

Romanian law exclusively governs these Terms and Conditions without regard for any choice-of-law rules that might direct the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.

B. Dispute Resolution

All disputes arising under these Terms and Conditions or regarding ListCrawler will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts in Romania. The parties submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts in Romania to resolve all disputes whether sounding in torts, contracts, or other legal theories. The parties agree that the exclusive venue and forum to resolve all disputes will be in the courts of Romania, and waive any right to seek another venue because of improper or inconvenient forum.
The parties agree that ListCrawler will be deemed to be based in Romania, and that ListCrawler will be further deemed a passive online service provider that does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over ListCrawler, either specific or general, in any other jurisdiction. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as an admission or concession that the law of any other jurisdiction applies to ListCrawler, or to these Terms and Conditions.

C. Waiver of Jury Trial

Both parties agree that as part of their consideration for these Terms and Conditions, they waive the right to a trial by jury for any dispute arising between the parties related to the subject matter of these Terms and Conditions. The parties further agree that this waiver will be enforceable up to and including the day that trial is to start.

D. Class Action Waiver

You hereby waive any right or ability to initiate any class action or collective proceeding against ListCrawler.

E. Rights to Injunctive Relief

You acknowledge that remedies at law may be inadequate to provide us with full compensation in the event you breach these Terms and Conditions, and that we shall therefore be entitled to seek injunctive relief in the event of any such breach, in addition to seeking all other remedies available at law or in equity.

F. Additional Fees

If we are required to enlist the assistance of an attorney, investigator, collections agent, or other person to collect any damages or any other amount of money from you, or if we are required to seek the assistance of an attorney to pursue injunctive relief against you, then you additionally agree that you will reimburse us for all fees incurred in order to collect these damages or in order to seek injunctive relief from you. You understand that even a nominal amount of damages may require the expenditure of extensive legal fees, travel expenses, costs, and other amounts that may dwarf the damages themselves. You agree that you will pay these fees and costs.

4. Disclaimers

A. We Disclaim All Warranties

We provide access to ListCrawler and use of the Services “as is” and “with all faults.” We make no warranty that ListCrawler or the Services will meet your needs or requirements. We disclaim all warranties — express, statutory, or implied — including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, workmanlike effort, quality, suitability, truthfulness, usefulness, performance, accuracy, completeness, reliability, security, title, exclusivity, quiet enjoyment, non-infringement, and warranties that your access to ListCrawler or use of the Services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, error-free, to the greatest extent provided by applicable law. We may change any of the information found on ListCrawler at any time or remove any or all Materials thereon. We make no commitment to update the Materials. We make no warranty regarding any goods or services advertised on ListCrawler. There are no warranties of any kind that extend beyond the face of these Terms and Conditions or that arise because of course of performance, course of dealing, or usage of trade.

B. Use at Your Own Risk

You expressly agree that access to ListCrawler and use of the Services is at your own and sole risk. You understand that we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that ListCrawler or the Services will be free of viruses, malware, worms, Trojan horses, or other code that may manifest contaminating or destructive properties. We do not assume any responsibility or risk for your access to or use of the Internet, ListCrawler, or the Services. You understand and agree that any Materials obtained through ListCrawler are obtained at your own discretion and risk, and that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from your activity.

C. Offensive and Adult Materials Warning

ListCrawler contains material that may be offensive to third parties. You agree to indemnify and hold us harmless from any liability that may arise from someone viewing Materials that they may deem offensive, and you agree to cease accessing ListCrawler and using the Services should you find them offensive. Specifically, you represent and warrant that you are aware that ListCrawler is an inclusive platform which aggregates Materials from third-party websites, and that you are not offended by adult Materials, including graphic audiovisual depictions of nudity and sexual activity. You further represent and warrant that you are familiar with and comply with your jurisdiction’s laws and community standards, including those affecting your right to access, receive, and transmit adult Materials, and those relating to distributing adult Materials to minors.

D. Parental Controls Notice

You acknowledge your responsibility to prevent minors under your care from accessing harmful or inappropriate material. You agree not to allow minors to view any such Materials, and you agree to take responsible measures to prevent them from doing so. Numerous commercial online safety filters are available which may help users limit minors’ access to harmful or inappropriate material. You are hereby informed that you can research such services by typing the words “parental controls” or similar terms, into an Internet search engine. We recommend that you conduct appropriate due diligence before purchasing or installing any online filter. You agree to take particular steps to prevent minors from viewing the Materials if your computer or mobile device can be accessed by a minor. Finally, you agree that if you are a parent or guardian of a minor child, it is your responsibility, not ours, to keep any age-restricted Materials on ListCrawler from being displayed or accessed by your children or wards.

E. Registered Sex Offenders and Safety Tips

By accessing ListCrawler, you represent and warrant that you have not been convicted of a felony or any criminal sexual offense, and you are not required to register as a sex offender with any government entity. While we prohibit access to ListCrawler and use of the Services by registered sex offenders, we do not conduct routine criminal background checks on users or third party advertisers. You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users or third party advertisers. We do not undertake any obligation to monitor user activity, screen, or interview users, investigate the background of users, or attempt to verify the accuracy of statements made by third parties regarding any individual’s background, products, or services. We expressly disclaim any warranty about the conduct of users or those acting on their behalf. Remember, online profiles can be falsified. We recommend that you use common sense and take reasonable precautions in all communications, or interactions with other users or third party advertisers. Consider the following online safety tips:

Anyone who can commit identity theft can also falsify an online profile or advertisement.
There is no substitute for acting with caution when communicating with any stranger who wants to interact with you.
Never include your last name, email address, home address, phone number, place of work, or any other identifying information in initial communications with other users. Stop communications with anyone who pressures you for personal or financial information or tries in any way to trick you into revealing it.
If you choose to have a face-to-face meeting with another user or advertiser who you met through your use of ListCrawler, tell a family member or friend where you will be meeting and when you will return. You should not agree to be picked up at your home. Always provide your own transportation and meet in a public place with many people around.

F. Fraud and Scam Warning

While we take efforts to prevent our services from being used for any fraudulent purposes, we specifically and emphatically warn members never to send money to anyone that they interact with online. We have no way of determining the validity of any communication that you may receive from other users or third parties, and we cannot discern the validity of the person or intentions behind such communication. You expressly understand and agree that if any other user that you are in communication with on ListCrawler requests money from you for travel, medical assistance, subsistence or for any other reason, it is likely a scam or a fraudulent scheme, and you are at a very high risk of being defrauded. You agree to report any such request to us immediately. While we are not obligated to investigate any such report, we may do so in our sole discretion.

G. No Responsibility for Third Party Materials

We expressly disclaim all liability for the Materials, including information aggregated from third party websites. You understand that the Materials are primarily aggregated from the users of third-party websites, and that we do not endorse (expressly or implicitly) the content of any Materials from such websites. Thus, you understand that you may be exposed to Materials from a variety of sources, and that we are not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of the Materials. You further understand that you may be exposed to Materials that are inaccurate, offensive, illegal, indecent, obscene, or objectionable, and you waive any rights or remedies you have or may have against us for this exposure. We are under no obligation to prescreen, review, or preemptively monitor the Materials. However, we reserve the right to refuse to publish, remove, or block the Materials, or any portion thereof, at any time, for any reason, with or without prior notice. If we choose to monitor ListCrawler at any time, we assume (1) no responsibility for the Materials, (2) no obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate Materials, and (3) no responsibility for the conduct of the user submitting those Materials.

H. Violations of Law

Access to ListCrawler and use of the Services in violation of any law is strictly prohibited. If we determine that you have provided or intend to purchase or provide any products or services in violation of any law, your ability to access ListCrawler and use the Services may be terminated immediately. We do hereby disclaim any liability for damages that may arise from you or any user providing any services that violates any law. You do hereby agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us harmless from any liability that may arise for us should you violate any law. You also agree to defend and indemnify us should any third party be harmed by your illegal actions or should we be obligated to defend any such claims by any party.

5. Indemnification

You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless ListCrawler, its officers, directors, shareholders, employees, independent contractors, telecommunication providers, and agents, from and against any and all claims, actions, loss, liabilities, expenses, costs, or demands, including without limitation legal and accounting fees, for all damages directly, indirectly, or consequentially resulting or allegedly resulting from your actions, or the actions of another person under your authority, including without limitation to governmental agencies, use, misuse, or inability to use ListCrawler or the Materials, or any breach of these Terms and Conditions by you or another person under your authority. We shall promptly notify you by electronic message of any such claim or suit, and we may cooperate fully (at your expense) in the defense of such claim or suit. We reserve the right to participate in the defense of such claim or suit at our own expense, and choose our own legal counsel; however, we are not obligated to do so.

6. Limitation of Liability

You acknowledge that we will not be liable to you for user-generated Materials or the offensive or illegal conduct of any person. You understand that the risk of harm or damage from this rests entirely with you, and you expressly release us from any liability arising out of the Materials or the conduct of any person. You discharge, acquit, and otherwise release us, our parent company, agents, employees, officers, directors, shareholders, attorneys, and affiliates, from any and all allegations, counts, charges, debts, causes of action, and claims relating in any way to the use of, or activities relating to the use of ListCrawler including claims relating to the following:

Negligence, gross negligence, reckless conduct, alienation of affections (to the extent recognized in any jurisdiction), intentional infliction of emotional distress, intentional interference with contract or advantageous business relationship, defamation, privacy, publicity, intellectual property infringement, misrepresentation, infectious disease, revenge porn law violations, any financial loss not due to the fault of ListCrawler, missed meetings, unmet expectations, false identities, fraudulent acts by others, invasion of privacy, release of personal information, failed transactions, purchases or functionality of ListCrawler, unavailability of ListCrawler, its functions and any other technical failure that may result in inaccessibility of ListCrawler, or any claim based on vicarious liability for torts committed by individuals met on or through ListCrawler, including fraud, theft or misuse of personal information, assault, battery, stalking, harassment, cyber-bullying, rape, trafficking, theft, cheating, perjury, manslaughter, or murder.

The above list is intended to be illustrative only, and not exhaustive of the types or categories of claims released by you. This release is intended by the parties to be interpreted broadly in favor of ListCrawler, and thus any ambiguity shall be interpreted in a manner providing release of the broadest claims. This release is intended to be a full release of claims, and the parties acknowledge the legally binding nature of this provision, and the nature of the rights given up in connection therewith.

We expressly disclaim any liability or responsibility to you for any of the following:

Any loss or damage of any kind incurred because of the Materials, including errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of the Materials or any Materials that are infringing, obscene, indecent, threatening, offensive, defamatory, invasive of privacy, or illegal.
Personal injury or property damage of any nature resulting from your access to and use of ListCrawler.
Any third party’s unauthorized access to or alterations of your data or information.
Any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from ListCrawler and any delays or failures you may experience in initiating, conducting, or completing any transmissions to or transactions with ListCrawler.
Any bugs, viruses, malware, Trojan horses, or the like that may be transmitted to or through ListCrawler by any third party.
Any incompatibility between ListCrawler and your other services, hardware, or software.

7. Intellectual Property

A. Trademarks

ListCrawler is our brand name and trademark. We aggressively defend our intellectual property rights. Other manufacturers’ product and service names referenced herein may be trademarks and service marks of their respective companies and are the exclusive property of such respective owners, and may not be used publicly without the express written consent of the owners or holders of such trademarks and service marks. All of the marks, logos, domains, and trademarks that you find on ListCrawler may not be used publicly except with express written permission from us, and may not be used in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among consumers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits ListCrawler.

B. Copyrights

Except for Materials aggregated from third-party websites, the Materials are our proprietary information and valuable intellectual property. We retain all right, title, and interest in such Materials. ListCrawler, the Materials, and our software are protected by copyright law. The Materials may not be copied, downloaded, distributed, republished, modified, uploaded, posted, or transmitted in any way without our prior written consent. You may not remove or alter, or cause to be removed or altered, any copyright, trademark, trade name, service mark, or any other proprietary notice or legend appearing on any of the Materials. Modification or use of the Materials except as expressly provided in these Terms and Conditions violates our intellectual property rights.

C. Copyright Infringement

We do not permit copyright infringing activities or infringement of other intellectual property rights on Listcrawler, and we will remove all content and submissions if properly notified that the content or submission infringes on another’s intellectual property rights. We have implemented a policy of terminating or disabling access to repeat copyright infringers.

8. General

A. Entire Agreement

These Terms and Conditions and any other legal notice or agreement published by us on ListCrawler, forms the entire agreement between you and us concerning your use of ListCrawler. It supersedes all prior terms, understandings, or agreements between you and us regarding use of ListCrawler. A printed version of these Terms and Conditions and of any notice given in electronic form will be admissible in any proceedings based on or relating to these terms. Such version of these Terms and Conditions shall be utilized to the same evidentiary extent, and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.

B. Assignment and Delegation

We may assign any rights or delegate any performance under these Terms and Conditions without notice to you. You will not assign, delegate, or sublicense any of your rights or duties without our advanced written consent. Any attempted assignment or delegation in violation of this provision will be void.

C. Severability

If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is determined to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall continue in full force, if the essential terms for each party remain valid, binding, and enforceable.

D. Cumulative Remedies

All rights and remedies provided in these Terms and Conditions are cumulative and not exclusive, and the assertion by a party of any right or remedy will not preclude the assertion by the party of any other rights or the seeking of any other remedies available at law, in equity, by statute, in any other agreement between the parties, or otherwise.

E. Successors and Assigns

These Terms and Conditions inure to the benefit of, and are binding on, the parties and their respective successors and assigns. This section does not address, directly or indirectly, whether a party may assign its rights or delegate its performance under these Terms and Conditions.

F. Force Majeure

We are not responsible for any failure to perform because of unforeseen circumstances or causes beyond our reasonable control, including: Acts of God, such as fire, flood, earthquakes, hurricanes, tropical storms, or other natural disasters; epidemics; pandemics; war, riot, arson, embargoes, acts of civil or military authority, or terrorism; fiber cuts; strikes, or shortages in transportation, facilities, fuel, energy, labor, or materials; failure of the telecommunications or information services infrastructure; hacking, spam, data breach, malware, or any failure of a computer, server, network, or software for so long as the event continues to delay our performance; and unlawful acts of our employees, agents, or contractors.

G. Notices

Any notice required to be given by us under these Terms and Conditions may be provided by email to a functioning email address of the party to be noticed, by an electronic notification published on ListCrawler, or by personal delivery via commercial carrier. Notices by customers to us shall be given by contacting us HERE unless otherwise specified in these Terms and Conditions. Either party may change the address to which notice is to be sent by written notice to the other party pursuant to this provision of these Terms and Conditions. Notices shall be deemed effective upon delivery. Notices delivered by overnight carrier shall be deemed delivered on the business day following mailing. Notices delivered by any other method shall be deemed given upon receipt. Either party may, by giving the other party appropriate written notice, change the designated address, email address, or recipient for any notice hereunder. Any correctly addressed notice that is refused, unclaimed, or undeliverable, because of an act or omission of the party to be notified shall be deemed effective as of the first date that said notice was refused or deemed undeliverable by the postal authorities, messenger, email server, or overnight delivery service.

H. Consideration

We allow you to access and use ListCrawler, the Services, and the Materials, in consideration for your acquiescence to all the provisions in these Terms and Conditions. You agree that such consideration is both adequate and received upon accessing any portion of ListCrawler.

I. Electronic Signatures

You agree to be bound by any affirmation, assent, or agreement you transmit through ListCrawler. You agree that when in the future you click on an “I agree,” “I consent,” or other similarly worded button, check box, or entry field with your mouse, keystroke, or other computer device, your agreement or consent will be legally binding and enforceable and the legal equivalent of your handwritten signature.

J. English Language

We have written these Terms and Conditions and our associated website policies in the English language. You are representing your understanding and assent to the English language version of these Terms and Conditions as they are published. We are not liable to you or any third party for any costs or expenses incurred in translating these Terms and Conditions. In the event that you choose to translate these Terms and Conditions, you do so at your own risk, as only the English language version is binding.

K. Export Control

You understand and acknowledge that the software elements of the Materials on ListCrawler may be subject to regulation by governmental agencies which prohibit export or diversion of software and other goods to certain countries and third parties. Diversion of such Materials contrary to U.S. or international law is prohibited. You will not assist or participate in any such diversion or other violation of applicable laws and regulations. You warrant that you will not license or otherwise permit anyone not approved to receive controlled commodities under applicable laws and regulations and that you will abide by such laws and regulations. You agree that none of the Materials are being or will be acquired for, shipped, transferred, or re-exported, directly or indirectly, to proscribed or embargoed countries or their nationals or be used for proscribed activities.

L. No Agency Relationship

Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to constitute, create, imply, give effect to, or otherwise recognize a partnership, employment, joint venture, or formal business entity of any kind; and the rights and obligations of the parties shall be limited to those expressly set forth herein.

M. Usages

In these Terms and Conditions, unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, the following usages will apply:

References to a statute will refer to the statute and any successor statute, and to all regulations promulgated under or implementing the statute or successor, as in effect at the relevant time.
In computing periods from a specified date to a later specified date, the words “from” and “commencing on” (and the like) mean “from and including,” and the words “to,” “until,” and “ending on” (and the like) mean “to but excluding.”
References to a governmental or quasi-governmental agency, authority, or instrumentality will also refer to a regulatory body that succeeds to the functions of the agency, authority, or instrumentality.
“A or B” means “A or B or both.” “A, B, or C” means “one or more of A, B, and C.” The same construction applies to longer strings.
“Including” means “including, but not limited to.”

N. No Waiver

No waiver or action made by us shall be deemed a waiver of any subsequent default of the same provision of these Terms and Conditions. If any term, clause, or provision hereof is held invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity shall not affect the validity or operation of any other term, clause or provision and such invalid term, clause or provision shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms and Conditions.

O. Headings

All headings are solely for the convenience of reference and shall not affect the meaning, construction or effect of these Terms and Conditions.

P. Other Jurisdictions/Foreign Law

We make no representation that ListCrawler, the Services, or any of the Materials are appropriate or available for use in all locations. You may not access ListCrawler, the Services, or the Materials from territories where their contents may be illegal or is otherwise prohibited. Those who choose to access ListCrawler and use the Services from such locations do so on their own initiative and are solely responsible for determining compliance with all applicable local laws. Nothing contained in these Terms and Conditions shall be interpreted as an admission that that ListCrawler is subject to the laws of any nation besides Romania.

Q. Service Not Available in Some Areas

You are subject to the laws of the state, province, city, country, or other legal entity in which you reside or from which you access ListCrawler. LISTCRAWLER IS VOID WHERE PROHIBITED OR RESTRICTED BY LAW. If you use ListCrawler while located in a prohibited jurisdiction, you will be in violation of the law of such jurisdiction and these Terms and Conditions, and subject to having your access to ListCrawler suspended or terminated without any notice to you. You hereby agree that ListCrawler cannot be held liable if laws applicable to you restrict or prohibit your participation. ListCrawler makes no representations or warranties, implicit or explicit, as to your legal right to participate in any Service offered on ListCrawler, nor shall any person affiliated, or claiming affiliation, with ListCrawler have authority to make any such representations or warranties. We reserve the right to restrict access to ListCrawler in any jurisdiction.

[nothing more follows]

© MegaPersonals.eu (2024). All rights reserved.