Classification Web
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
(For subscriptions begun July 1, 2004 and after)
These Terms and Conditions, effective as of the date the Subscriber has received access to the
Service after having paid the fee, are agreed to between the Library of Congress, Office of
Business Enterprises, Cataloging Distribution Service (“Publisher”), of 101 Independence
Avenue, S.E., Washington, D.C. 20540-4910, and subscriber.
I. Definitions
A. Publisher: Library of Congress, Cataloging Distribution Service.
B. Subscriber: Licensee of the Service.
C. Service: Classification Web, a product providing World Wide Web access to Library of
Congress Classification schedules and Library of Congress Subject Headings. The Service
also includes such additional features, including but not limited to enhanced functionality,
software upgrades, and new data files, as may be added to Classification Web during the term
of the Subscription. Certain functionality, upgrades, and enhancements may be subject to
additional conditions prescribed by Publisher beyond those contained in these Terms and
Conditions; in that event, Subscriber will have the option either to elect access to such
additional features subject to such additional conditions, or to decline access to such
additional features. Under the terms of a cooperative agreement with OCLC Online Computer
Library Center, Inc., the Service also includes a correlation between the Dewey Decimal
Classification and the Library of Congress Classification, created by the Library by matching
Dewey Decimal classification numbers as found in Library of Congress bibliographic records
with corresponding Library of Congress classification numbers and Library of Congress
subject headings, (the “Correlation”).
D. Subscription: Access of the Subscriber to the Service for a renewable twelve- month
period, beginning on the date on which the Subscriber receives user name and password
access and/or IP address access from the Publisher.
E. Server: The server, either the Publisher’s server or a third party server designated by the
Publisher, on which the Service is mounted and may be accessed.
F. Authorized User: Users who are permitted to access the Service pursuant to the
Subscription, within the limitations applicable to the subscription type and site.
G. Solo User: The Authorized User under a Subscription permitting access to the Service by
one individual. Access is by user name and password from any location where the user has
Web access.H. Concurrent User: Authorized Users under a Subscription permitting access to the Service
by a designated number of users who may access the Service at the same time using
Subscriber user name and password or Subscriber designated IP address.
I. Subscriber’s Site:
Public Library Site: is defined by geographic/service area and is limited to a single
main library and its branches (i.e., libraries under a single director/board of trustees).
Authorized Users are limited to current library staff and library patrons accessing the
Service while in the library or by Remote Access.
Academic Library Site: is limited by geographic site and Authorized Users. Each
geographically distinct campus shall be treated as a separate site for purposes of the
Service. Adjunct facilities to a campus may be considered part of an Academic
Library Site if they are under a single integral institution with one billing address and
are part of a single student admissions program. An Academic Library Site does not
include a consortium of libraries, multi-campus institutions, shared local systems,
statewide networks, or secondary relationships with shared facilities. Authorized
Users at academic institutions are limited to current faculty and staff, currently
enrolled students, and authorized patrons of the Subscriber’s library, who are
primarily affiliated with the licensed campus. On-site and Remote Access are
permitted.
Special Library Site: is limited to a single corporate or other special library (e.g., a
law firm library). A separate subscription is required for each geographically distinct
operational entity. Authorized Users are limited to current employees or patrons who
are served by the Special Library. On-site and Remote Access are permitted.
J. Remote Access: Off-site access requiring the Authorized User to first log on to the library
system’s local computer using a current authorized library card or other library-controlled
authorization before accessing the Service.
K. Fee: The fee for the Service set forth in Publisher’s then-current fee schedule.
II. Usage Rights
A. The Publisher grants to the Subscriber the non-exclusive and non-transferable right for
its Authorized Users to access the Service via the Server, upon payment of the Fee and
subject to these Terms and Conditions. Access rights consist of the right of Authorized
Users to view, retrieve, display, and store notes with respect to the Service’s classification
and subject heading content, as part of routine work activities such as research and
classification. Access rights do not include the right to redistribute all or any part of the
Service content to third parties except as specifically permitted in these Terms and
Conditions.
B. A Subscription for a Solo User may be used by any one person at any one time,
without regard to that person’s identity. A Subscription purchasing a right of access forConcurrent Users permits use of the Service by a particular number of individuals at any
one time without regard to their identities.
C. Subscriber and Authorized Users acquire no ownership rights to any data or portions
thereof provided via the Subscription; to the proprietary software underlying the Service;
or to documentation provided to access the Service.
D. During any 24-hour period, Subscriber may print up to twenty (20) screens of Service
content per Solo User, or twenty (20) screens of Service content multiplied by the number
of Concurrent Users, as applicable.
E. While the Correlation may provide useful information directing authorized users to the
proper choice of Dewey Decimal Classification numbers for library resources, the
Correlation does not constitute the Dewey Decimal Classification authority file and
therefore should not be relied on exclusively for assigning Dewey Decimal Classification
numbers to library resources. Rather, the DDC print edition or WebDewey should be
consulted to confirm the accuracy of Dewey Decimal Classification number assignments
suggested by the Correlation.
III. Prohibited Uses – Subscriber and Authorized Users may not:
A. Download Service content. However, should the Publisher choose to add the ability to
download Machine Readable Cataloging (MARC) functionality to the Classification Web
product, individual MARC records may be downloaded for local use.
B. Print Service content except as authorized in these Terms and Conditions.
C. Make local electronic copies of all or any part of Service content beyond what is
required for normal functioning of Web browser software and simple copying-and-pasting
of up to ten (10) consecutive lines of text at a time and not exceeding a total of three
hundred (300) lines of text per day, per Solo User or per the number of Concurrent Users,
as applicable.
D. Use all or any part of Service content for any commercial use, except as permitted by
Section II.A.
E. Distribute all or any part of Service content to anyone other than the Subscriber’s
Authorized User.
F. In any way modify, reverse engineer or create derivative works from Service content,
or the software used in this site, which is provided under a license agreement between
Minaret Corporation and the Publisher.
G. Permit access to the Service by persons who are not Authorized Users.H. Engage in activity that may burden Publisher’s server(s), such as computer programs
that automatically download content, commonly known as web robots, spiders, crawlers,
wanderers or accelerators.
I. Utilize any mechanism which would enable the number of Authorized Users
concurrently accessing the service via the Subscription to exceed the number of
concurrent logons purchased in the Subscription.
IV. Publisher Undertakings
A. Publisher will exert reasonable efforts to provide the Service in accordance with thencurrent published product descriptions, and will periodically update Service content.
B. Publisher will use reasonable efforts to provide continuous availability of the Service
subject to periodic unavailability due to maintenance of the Publisher’s server(s), the
installation or testing of software, the loading of data, and downtime related to equipment
or services outside of the Publisher’s control.
V. Subscriber Undertakings
A. Subscriber will notify Publisher of nonconformities between the Service and product
descriptions, and of any errors or inaccuracies in the Service content of which Subscriber
becomes aware.
B. Subscriber is responsible for all security for and all use of the Service initiated by
persons using Subscriber’s user names and passwords or accessing the Service through
Subscriber’s IP address.
C. Subscriber will use reasonable efforts to notify Authorized Users of these Terms and
Conditions and will take steps to protect the Service from unauthorized use of the Service
or other breach of these Terms and Conditions.
D. Subscriber will issue passwords and user names and other access information only to
Authorized Users and will use reasonable efforts to ensure that Authorized Users do not
divulge their passwords, user names, or other access information to any third party.
E. Subscriber will use reasonable efforts to monitor compliance with these Terms and
Conditions and immediately upon becoming aware of any unauthorized use of the Service
or other breach of these Terms and Conditions, or of lost or stolen user names and
passwords, inform Publisher and take all reasonable and appropriate steps, including
disciplinary action, both to ensure that the activity ceases and to prevent any recurrence.
F. When using the Service outside the United States, Subscriber shall be the exporter and
importer of record of the Service by electronic means or otherwise, and is responsible for
determining and complying with all applicable United States and foreign export andimport, procurement data and technology transfer laws, rules, regulations, customs, tariffs,
duties, and fees.
VI. Legal Notices including information about privacy, security and copyright are located at
http://classweb.loc.gov/legal.html.
VII. Warranties
A. While the Publisher and its suppliers and licensors have attempted to minimize
inaccuracies and defects in the data and services furnished, the data and services are
provided AS IS. THE PUBLISHER, ITS SUPPLIERS AND/OR LICENSORS MAKE
NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES AND DISCLAIM ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
B. Subscriber acknowledges that the Internet is an unsecured, unstable, unregulated
disorganized and unreliable environment, and that the ability of Publisher to deliver the
on-line services may be dependent upon the Internet and equipment, software, systems,
data and services provided by various telecommunications carriers, equipment
manufacturers, firewall providers and encryption system developers and other vendors
and third parties. Neither party shall be liable for or have the right to terminate the
Subscription as a result of any delays or failures to perform any of its obligations
hereunder to the extent that such delays or failures are due to circumstances beyond its
reasonable control, including acts of God, strikes riots, acts of war, power failures,
functions or malfunctions of the Internet, telecommunications services, firewalls,
encryption systems and security devices, or governmental regulations imposed after the
date that the Subscription was purchased.
C. Publisher, its suppliers and/or licensors shall not be liable for any loss or damage
(including special, exemplary, incidental or consequential damages), lost profits, loss of
business, loss of or damage to data, downtime or unavailability, resulting from or in
connection with the use or inability to use the Service. Subscriber hereby acknowledges
that use of the Service is at Subscriber’s sole risk.
D. Publisher further makes no warranties respecting any harm that may be caused by the
transmission of a computer virus, worm, time bomb, logic bomb or other such computer
program.VIII. Term and Termination
A. Subscriptions will be offered on an annual basis to commence when Subscriber has
paid the Fee and received access to the Service from Publisher and terminating one year
after the date that such access is granted. Beginning three months before the conclusion of
the Service period, Subscriber will receive bi-weekly e-mails informing Subscriber of the
termination of the service. If not renewed, the Service will be terminated at the end of the
Service period. If renewed within sixty (60) days of the conclusion of the Service period,
the Subscription will be reactivated, subject to these Terms and Conditions.
B. The Subscription may be terminated if Subscriber commits a material breach of these
Terms and Conditions. All “Prohibited Uses” listed in Section III of these Terms and
Conditions shall be considered material breaches.
C. In the event that either party believes the other has materially breached any obligations
under these Terms and Conditions, the non-breaching party shall so notify the breaching
party in writing. That party shall have thirty (30) days from receipt of this notice to cure
the alleged breach and to notify the non-breaching party in writing that cure has been
effected. If the breach is not cured within the thirty (30) day period, the non-breaching
party shall have the right to terminate the Subscription without further notice.
D. Notwithstanding Section VIII(C), above, in the event that Publisher reasonably
believes that Subscriber has materially breached its obligation not to download or print
Service content, except as authorized by these Terms and Conditions, Publisher shall have
the right to immediately suspend or terminate the Service. Publisher may, in its sole
discretion, upon notice to Subscriber, permit Subscriber thirty (30) days in which to
negotiate for resumption of access to the Service.
E. Notwithstanding anything in these terms to the contrary, the Publisher reserves the
right to terminate the Subscription at any time. In that case and unless otherwise provided
under these Terms and Conditions, the Publisher shall promptly refund to the Subscriber
on a prorated basis fees previously paid by the Subscriber to the Publisher with respect to
the unexpired portion of the Subscription term.
F. Publisher reserves the right to remove or purge Subscriber’s data stored with the
Service more than ninety (90) days beyond the date of termination of the Service.
IX. Notices Any notices to be served on either of the parties by the other shall be sent by certified
mail, postage prepaid, and by facsimile. All such notices shall be deemed to have been received
within seven (7) days of posting/transmission by facsimile. Publisher’s address for notice: Attn: Chief
of CDS, Office of Business Enterprises, Cataloging Distribution Service, Library of Congress,
Washington, D.C. 20540-4910. Fax: (202) 707-1771.X. Entire Agreement These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement of the parties and
supersede all prior communications, understandings and agreements relating to the subject matter of
these Terms and Conditions, whether oral or written.