Introduction
Effective Date: January 31, 2026

Please review these terms and conditions, which govern your use of Lowes.com (https://www.lowes.com), the Lowe’s Personal Accounts (“Personal Account” or “MyLowe’s Rewards Accounts”) and related services, and Lowe’s Business Accounts (“PRO Accounts”) and related services, and any sites, applications, or mobile sites or applications, such as the Lowe’s applications available on your mobile device and any other site on which these terms and conditions appear, platforms, and tools where these terms and conditions appear or are linked (collectively, the “Site” or “Sites”). Your use of any of the Sites constitutes your unconditional agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions, and the Privacy and Security Statement (collectively, the “Terms”). The Sites are provided by Lowe’s Home Centers, LLC. (“Lowe’s”) as a service to its customers, unless specifically provided otherwise on a Site. The Terms inure to the benefit of Lowe’s and its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates.

Your Use of the Site
Your use of the Site constitutes your acceptance of the Terms. By accepting the Terms through your use of the Site, you certify that you are either (i) 18 years of age or older or (ii) you are at least 13 years of age and are using the Site under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who has agreed to be bound by these Terms on your behalf. If you are under the age of 13, you are not permitted to use the Site. If you are a parent or legal guardian who has agreed to be bound by these Terms on behalf of a child between the ages of 13 and 18, you agree to be fully responsible for such child’s use of the Site, including all financial charges and legal liability that such child may incur.

Pursuant to 47 U.S.C. § 230(d), as amended, we hereby notify you that parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software and filtering services) are commercially available that may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors. Information identifying current providers of such control protections is available on the websites GetNetWise (https://www.getnetwise.org) and OnGuardOnline (https://onguardonline.gov).

You agree that you will not do any of the following (collectively, the “Code of Conduct”):

Restrict or inhibit any other visitor from using the Site, including, without limitation, by means of “hacking” or defacing any portion of the Site
Use the Site or content on or from the Site for any unlawful purpose
Express or imply that any statement you make is endorsed by Lowe’s or its subsidiary, parent or affiliate companies
Submit data or information to or otherwise transmit material through the Site that is (i) copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third-party proprietary or intellectual property rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the lawful owner of such rights or have permission from the rightful owner to submit or transmit such data or information; (ii) is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, libelous, threatening, fraudulent, abusive, pornographic, harassing or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, or does or would give rise to civil liability or violate any law, rule or regulation, or is otherwise objectionable or infringes Lowe’s or any third party’s intellectual property rights or other rights; (iii) is intended to victimize, harass, degrade or intimidate an individual or group of individuals on the basis of age, disability, ethnicity, gender, race, religion or sexual orientation; or (iv) is nonpublic information about a company or individual without the express written authorization to do so
Engage in spamming, flooding, phishing or other activity intended to gather information unlawfully
Transmit any software or other materials that contain any harmful or malicious code, including, without limitation, viruses, worms, time bombs, date bombs, trojan horses and defects
Modify, adapt, sublicense, translate, sell, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any portion of the Site
Remove any copyright, trademark or other notices of proprietary rights contained on the Site
“Frame” or “mirror” any part of the Site without Lowe’s prior written authorization
Use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, data mine or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site or its contents
Harvest or collect information about Site visitors
Take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on Lowe’s infrastructure
Use the Site for any reseller activities. Reseller activities include (i) purchasing products for the purpose of reselling those products through any channel to downstream customers; (ii) placing orders on behalf of other persons for commercial purposes; and (iii) extracting, scraping, mining, copying or otherwise gathering information from the Site in connection with your sale or another party’s sale of products (whether purchased from Lowe’s or another seller) through any channel to downstream customers. Purchasing a product that will be used or consumed as part of a home improvement or construction project performed for another person does not constitute a reseller activity
You acknowledge and agree that (i) all information you provide with regards to a purchase of products and/or services, including, without limitation, credit card, wallet (e.g., ApplePay, etc.), or other payment information, is accurate, current and complete, and (ii) you may be subject to additional terms and conditions of the third-parties providing your chosen payment method. Additionally, you represent and warrant that you have the legal right to use the payment method you provide to us.

Placing Your Orders on the Site
All billing and registration information provided by you must be accurate, complete and correct. Submitting inaccurate, incomplete or incorrect information constitutes a breach of the Terms. By confirming your purchase at the end of the checkout process, you agree to accept and pay for the items, products and/or services that you have requested.
Lowe’s, its affiliates and subsidiaries, and Marketplace Sellers (defined below), reserve the right, at their sole discretion, to (i) refuse service and to terminate accounts if Lowe’s believes in its sole discretion that customer conduct violates applicable law or the Terms, is harmful to the interests of Lowe’s, its subsidiaries or its affiliates or for any other reason; (ii) limit the quantity of items purchased per person, per account, per household and per order as determined in their sole discretion; and (iii) refuse or cancel any order you place. These restrictions may be applied to the same account, same credit card and/or the same billing and/or shipping address.
Lowe’s acknowledgment of an order signifies that we received your order request, but it does not constitute acceptance of your order or a promise to fulfill your order. We strive to provide accurate information on the Site, but we cannot and do not guarantee the accuracy of all information about items on the Site. You understand that information about items on the Site, including, without limitation, price, availability, specifications and images, may be incomplete or inaccurate. If we determine that information about an item you ordered is inaccurate or incomplete, we reserve the right to cancel that order and refund any applicable charges. Any canceled order placed using a Lowe’s Gift Card will have a refund card mailed to the address listed within the billing address line of the online order.
All items and products purchased through the Site are made pursuant to a shipment contract. The risk of loss and title for such titles pass to you upon Lowe’s delivery of the items or products to the carrier.
You may choose to pick up eligible items in a single order from different Lowe’s stores. For instance, in the same order, you may choose to pick up a hammer from one store, nails from a second store and lumber from a third store. The online price for your items will be the price shown at the time you start the checkout process. You understand that the online price may be different from the in-store prices for the same item and will be exclusive of store-specific sales, discounts, rebates or other markdowns available for in-store purchases.
If you wish to purchase products or services described on the Site, you will be asked to supply certain information applicable to your purchase, including, without limitation, credit card and other information. Your Account will provide you a location to store your information and allow you to make a future purchase without reentering information. You agree to pay all charges incurred by you and any users of your account and your credit card (or other applicable payment mechanism) at the price(s) in effect when such charges are incurred. You will also be responsible for paying any applicable taxes relating to your purchases. The amount of tax displayed when you check out is an estimate and may be updated at the time your card is charged in accordance with our billing policy.
Tools, products, materials, techniques, building codes and local regulations change; therefore, Lowe's assumes no liability for omissions, errors or the outcome of any project. The reader must always exercise reasonable caution, follow current codes and regulations that may apply, and is urged to consult with a licensed professional if in doubt about any procedures.
Information Posted on the Site
The information and materials on the Site (the “Materials”) are provided for your review in accordance with the Terms. However, the Materials do not necessarily reflect the opinions of Lowe’s or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents.

At Lowe's, we carry the Brand Names You Know and Trust™. Unless indicated otherwise, most products and services displayed on the Site are available directly from or through Lowe's, its subsidiaries or its affiliates. Lowe's endeavors to display and describe its products and services accurately on the Site. Lowe's is also improving its products and services, and may update the Materials displayed on the Site at any time and without notice.

Lowe's cannot and does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the Materials displayed on the Site, including, without limitation, prices, product images, specifications, dimensions, availability and services, and any Marketplace Products provided by a Marketplace Seller. The Materials may contain technical inaccuracies, typographical errors, and errors or omissions related to the product descriptions, pricing and availability. Products and services are the responsibility of the manufacturer and service provider, respectively and subject to the warranties offered by such manufacturer or service provider.

Lowe’s Online Marketplace Program
Lowe’s provides third party companies (“Marketplace Sellers”) the opportunity to sell and ship items directly to you through the Site (“Marketplace Products”). Marketplace Products will be identified by a “sold and shipped by” line item that identifies the name and contact information of the Marketplace Seller. By purchasing a Marketplace Product, you acknowledge and agree that Marketplace Products are being sold to you directly by Marketplace Sellers, not by Lowe’s, and that the Marketplace Sellers will be solely responsible for the fulfillment and shipping of such Marketplace Products. Marketplace Products must be returned to a Lowe’s retail warehouse location. See lowes.com/returns for further details.

Marketplace Sellers will not have access to your payment information; however, Lowe’s will share your name, contact and delivery information so that Marketplace Sellers may deliver Marketplace Products to you and perform related customer service. Lowe’s, directly or through its payment processor, will process your payment for a Marketplace Product as a limited payments agent of the Marketplace Seller in accordance with a separate agreement between Lowe’s and Marketplace Seller. As such, payment to Lowe’s will satisfy your payment obligation to the Marketplace Seller. Lowe’s will also collect and remit any applicable sales taxes or other fees (such as paint and electronic waste recycling fees, and other product regulatory fees, deposits, or assessments) associated with your purchase on the Lowe’s Online Marketplace and remit any such taxes and other fees to the appropriate authority or recipient as required by law. Customer payment disputes and refunds will be handled by Lowe’s.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PROVIDED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT LOWE’S WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY ACTIONS OF A MARKETPLACE SELLER OR ANY MARKETPLACE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES SOLD OR PROVIDED BY SUCH MARKETPLACE SELLER. LOWE’S IS NOT RESPONSIBLE, NOR DOES IT PROVIDE ANY WARRANTIES OR GUARANTEES, FOR MARKETPLACE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.

Marketplace Products are not eligible for Lowe’s offers or Programs.

Copyrights, Trademarks and Patents 
All software and content on the Site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, video clips and software, is owned or licensed by Lowe’s, or its software, and content suppliers and licensors. Such software and content is protected by United States and international copyright laws.  

The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement and assembly) of all content on the Site is the exclusive property of Lowe’s and protected by applicable copyright laws.  

Lowe’s grants you permission to view and use content and software made available to you on the Site in connection with your use of the Site only. Any other use, including, without limitation, the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance, of the content or software on the Site is strictly prohibited. Lowe’s and its affiliates, subsidiaries, suppliers and licensors expressly reserve all intellectual property rights in all text, products, technology, content and all other material that appears on the Site. Accessing the Site does not confer and shall not be construed as conferring on you or anyone else any license to Lowe’s or any third party’s intellectual property rights.

The Site may contain additional proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed.  

The names, trade names, logos, service marks, trademarks and trade dress (collectively, “Trademarks”) on the Site are registered and unregistered trademarks of LF, LLC, and other parties. Use of the Site in no way grants any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site. LF, LLC, requires prior written approval for the use of the “Lowe’s and New Gable Mansard Design®” (Lowe’s logo) or any other LF, LLC Trademarks, as part of a link to or from any website. LF, LLC, also requires prior written approval to use the Lowe’s logo, Lowe’s name and any other LF, LLC marks in any form of advertising or any other commercial use. One or more patents may apply to the Site, including, without limitation: US Patent Nos. 5,528,490; 5,761,649; 5,930,474; 7,908,173; and 7,908,176.

Links to Other Sites
The Site may contain links to other websites so that you can learn more about the products available on the Site and have access to other information. These links are provided to you only as a convenience, and their presence on the Site does not imply endorsement by Lowe’s or its affiliates or subsidiaries of such website or of any association with such websites’ operators.

You agree that Lowe’s and its affiliates and subsidiaries are in no way responsible or liable for the availability or content of the websites to which the Site is linked. Lowe’s and its affiliates and subsidiaries make no representations whatsoever about any other website you may access through the Site.

Any concerns regarding products or services offered by a website to which the Site is linked or the link itself should be directed to the operator of that specific website and not the Site.

We strongly encourage you to become familiar with the terms of service and/or terms of use and practices of any linked website. Further, it is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever links you select or software you download (whether from the Site or other sites) is free of items, such as viruses, worms, trojan horses, defects, time bombs, date bombs and other items of a harmful nature.

Content
You hereby grant Lowe’s and its affiliates, licensees and sublicensees, without any compensation of any kind to you or others, a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable license to copy, adapt, create derivative works of, reproduce, incorporate, distribute, modify, store on its servers, publicly display, perform, promote, market, permit the online use of and otherwise use in any way Content and all information, data and materials derived from or based in whole or in part on any of the Content, in any format or media (“Content License”). “Content” means all text, images, artwork, technology, content, data, metadata, information, materials, plans, instructions, commands, dimensions, specifications, preferences, activity on the Site and other items, in each case (i) submitted, entered, provided, uploaded, recorded, performed, streamed or made available, in each case by you on, or (ii), generated, recorded, collected, or derived, in each case through your use of, the Site or any third party applications integrated with, or accessible through, the Site, including without limitation any analytics, summaries, programs, improvements, derivative works, compilations and outputs.

You waive, release and agree not to assert any and all moral rights that you may have in any Content submitted by you to the Site. By submitting any Content to the Site, you warrant and represent that you have the right to use such Content and have the right to permit Lowe’s and its affiliates, licensees and sublicensees to use such Content in accordance with the terms of the Content License. This Content License is in addition to, and not in lieu of, the UGC License.

User-Generated Content
Identification of User Content: As part of your use of any of Lowe’s Home Centers, LLC Sites, as well as pursuant to your participation in or use of any of the other Lowe’s Companies, Inc. and its affiliates’ (collectively “Lowe’s Organization”) social media or other digital platforms (collectively our “Platforms”), or pursuant to your participation in or response to any other invitations or forums that may be made available or extended to you by or on behalf of Lowe’s (collectively “Other Forums”) (hereinafter Sites, Platforms and Other Forums shall be collectively referred to as a “Content Hub” or “Content Hubs”), we welcome feedback, reviews, text, ideas, photos, videos, or any other content (all the foregoing referred to herein as "User Content ") that you submit through such Content Hub, as long as such User Content meets our requirements as set forth in these User Content Terms.

Grant of Rights: When you share or publish User Content on a Content Hub, you grant Lowe’s Organization a worldwide, non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable right and license with respect to such User Content pursuant to these User Content Terms (“License”). This License gives Lowe’s Organization the right to copy, publish, broadcast, publicly display, edit, translate, transmit, perform, alter, feature, combine with other material, adapt, reproduce, translate, reformat, incorporate, distribute, modify, make derivative works of, feature and otherwise use (collectively “Use”) such User Content, including Use of any form of identification of any person or groups of people within such User Content including without limitation their name(s), voice(s), image(s) (in each instance, their “Identity”). Such Use may occur in any and all media now known or hereafter developed, including without limitation on and in Lowe’s Organization websites, social media sites, digital platforms and channels, as well as in print and broadcast media, without any territorial or time limitations, for any purposes that Lowe’s deems necessary, desirable or appropriate. If you share or provide your name, partial name, social media handle(s), or other identifying information about yourself (each a “Source Identifier”) on or in connection with the User Content on a Content Hub, Lowe’s Organization may use any such Source Identifier in connection with its use of the User Content, in its sole discretion, and hereinafter for purposes of these User Content Terms, the term “User Content” shall include any Source Identifiers. In addition, this License allows Lowe’s Organization to sublicense any or all of the foregoing rights, through multiple tiers, to the maximum extent permitted by law. Lowe’s and its sublicensees shall be referred to herein as “Lowe’s Etc.” The Licenses set forth herein shall survive the termination of these User Content Terms.
Release of Claims: By submitting User Content, you expressly waive any and all claims against Lowe's Etc. arising out of or relating to our Use of any product, design, concept or other materials similar or identical to anything contained in your User Content.
Representations and Warranties: By submitting any User Content to a Content Hub or otherwise agreeing to these User Content Terms, you represent and warrant that:
No User Content includes the Identity of a Child (“Child” is defined as someone who is under the age of 13).
You have all rights necessary to grant this License and any sublicenses. This means among other things that:
You are the owner (author) of the User Content.
If you use the Identity of a third party in the User Content, you have their written permission (or that of their parent/legal guardian if they are a non-Child minor in their jurisdiction).
Your creation of the User Content complies with all applicable rules, laws and regulations (“Applicable Law”) and the Use of the User Content by Lowe’s Etc. will not violate any Applicable Law or any third party rights, including without limitation any copyright, trademark, trade secret, privacy or other intellectual property rights of any third party;
Your User Content is truthful, accurate and not misleading. To that end, you confirm the following:
If and to the extent your User Content contains a review, endorsement or testimonial about a product or service (collectively “Review”), such Review is based on your actual use of the product or experience with the service that is the subject of the Review, and contains your true opinion and belief based on such use or experience under normal use conditions; and
to the extent your User Content contains a Review, you confirm that you received no compensation or other incentive to provide the Review, or if you did, you have disclosed what compensation or incentive you received in your User Content.
You irrevocably waive any “moral rights” or other rights with respect to attribution of authorship or integrity of materials regarding the User Content that you may have under any applicable law under any legal theory.

Additional Terms: You understand and agree that User Content may be viewed by the general public and you do not and shall not consider such User Content to be private, proprietary or confidential. You agree that the License you are granting to Lowe’s is without any compensation of any kind to you or others.
        You agree that any User Content that you share, publish or authorize us to Use:

will not cause injury to any person or entity when Used by Lowe’s Etc.; and
does not contain any profanity or threatening language, or material that could be considered obscene, harmful, sexually explicit, indecent, lewd, violent, abusive, or degrading; and
does not contain any malware, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of “spam”; and
does not promote any particular political agenda or contain any political campaign messaging; and
does not include any commercial solicitation; and
does not contain defamatory remarks or, misrepresentations about Lowe’s Organization or its products, or other people, products, services, or companies; and
does not include content that is derogatory or suggestive of violence toward any individual or groups of people including based on ethnicity, race, gender, religion, profession or age; and
does not include or promote any activities that may appear unsafe or dangerous; and
does not promote the illegal, excessive or irresponsible consumption or use of alcohol, drugs, tobacco, or firearms/weapons; and
does not include links to any of the content that is prohibited in this list. 
       Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, nothing in these Terms shall restrict, impair or result in the waiver of any legal rights a consumer may have to publish truthful reviews or other statements about Lowe’s, its employees or representatives, or any products or services offered by Lowe’s.

Integrity and Authenticity: You agree that you will not use a false or misleading email address, home or business address, impersonate another person or entity, or otherwise mislead with respect to the origin of any User Content you submit, including, without limitation, comments and feedback you submit to a Content Hub. You agree that Lowe’s Etc. is not responsible for any User Content that you submit to a Content Hub.
Lowe’s Organization Responsibility for User Content Posted on Content Hubs: Lowe’s Etc. does not guarantee that User Content submitted to a Content Hub will be used by Lowe’s Etc. or made publicly available. Lowe’s Etc. does not guarantee that User Content posted to a Content Hub will not be offensive, defamatory or otherwise objectionable. Lowe’s Etc. reserves the right to remove any User Content from a Content Hub at any time without notice and in Lowe’s Etc. sole discretion; however, you acknowledge and agree that Lowe’s Etc. is under no obligation to you to police, monitor or remove User Content or comments made about User Content, and Lowe’s Etc. makes no guarantee with respect to the completeness, accuracy, integrity or quality of User Content submitted to or appearing on any Content Hub or in any other materials released by Lowe’s Etc. Lowe’s Etc. has no control over third party use of your User Content, and no liability for any misuse of your User Content. Lowe’s Etc. does not endorse any comments, opinions, advice or other statement made about or in connection with your User Content.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
Claims of Copyright Infringement. It is our policy to restrict access privileges of those who repeatedly infringe the copyrights of others. If you believe any materials accessible on or from the site (including content submitted by other users) infringe your copyrights, you may request removal of those materials, or access thereto, by submitting a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “DMCA”) to Lowe’s designated Copyright Agent (identified below), which sets forth the following information:

Identification of the copyrighted work you believe to be infringed. Please describe the work and, where possible, include a copy or the location, e.g., URL, of an authorized version of the work
Identification of the material that you claim to be infringing or to be the subject of the infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit Lowe’s to locate the material
Your name, address, telephone number and, if available, email address
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the materials is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law
A statement that the information you have supplied is accurate and indicating that “under penalty of perjury” you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf
A physical or electronic signature of the copyright holder or authorized representative
The Copyright Agent designated by Lowe’s to receive notifications of claimed infringement is:

DMCA Notices
  c/o Compliance Department
  Lowe’s Companies, Inc.
  1000 Lowe’s Boulevard
  Mooresville, NC 28117 
  704-758-2921
  DMCANotices@lowes.com

Only DMCA notices should go to the Copyright Agent. Any other feedback, comments, requests for technical support and other communications should be directed to Lowe’s customer care at the contact information listed under “Contact Us.” 
You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the instructions above, your DMCA notice may not be valid.

Reinstatement Process. If your submitted materials were removed or the access thereof has been disabled and you believe that such materials are not infringing or that you have authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner’s agent, or pursuant to the law, to post and use the content in your submitted materials, you may send a counter-notice containing the following information to Lowe’s designated Copyright Agent:

Your original or electronic signature 
Identification of the content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the content appeared before it was removed or disabled 
A statement "under penalty of perjury" by you that you have a good faith belief that the content was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the content 
Your name, address, telephone number and, if available, email address; a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located, or if your address is located outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which Lowe’s is located; and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided the original notification of infringement or an agent of such person 
If a counter-notice is received by the Copyright Agent, Lowe’s may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed content or cease disabling it within ten (10) business days. Unless Lowe’s Copyright Agent receives notice from the person who submitted the DMCA notice that the copyright owner has filed an action seeking a court order to restrain the relevant user from engaging in infringing activity relating to the materials submitted to the site or Lowe’s system or network, Lowe’s may replace or restore access to the relevant content in ten (10) to fourteen (14) business days after receipt of the counter-notice, at Lowe’s sole discretion
Warranty Disclaimer; Limit of Liability
YOU ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR THE USE OF THE SITE, MARKETPLACE PRODUCTS OFFERED BY MARKETPLACE SELLERS, AND THE INTERNET IN GENERAL. THE SITE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, LOWE'S, ALL OF LOWE'S SUBSIDIARY, PARENT OR RELATED COMPANIES, CALL CENTERS AND ALL OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, ATTORNEYS, AGENTS AND REPRESENTATIVES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NONINFRINGEMENT, ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND ANY WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE.APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

LOWE'S AND ITS LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, ADVERTISERS, SPONSORS, AGENTS AND REPRESENTATIVES DO NOT WARRANT THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR FREE OR SECURE; THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED; OR THAT THE SITE OR THE SERVER(S) ON WHICH THE SITE IS HOSTED ARE FREE OF VIRUSES, BUGS OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR OBTAINING AND MAINTAINING ALL TELEPHONE, COMPUTER HARDWARE AND OTHER EQUIPMENT NEEDED TO ACCESS AND USE THE SITE AND ALL CHARGES RELATED THERETO. YOU ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND YOUR RELIANCE THEREON. NO OPINION, ADVICE OR STATEMENT BY LOWE'S OR LOWE'S LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, ADVERTISERS, SPONSORS, AGENTS, MEMBERS OR VISITORS, WHETHER MADE ON THE SITE OR OTHERWISE, SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY.

YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT LOWE'S SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY WHATSOEVER FOR: (1) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF SERVERS ON WHICH THE SITE IS HOSTED AND/OR ON WHICH ANY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN; (2) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE SITE; AND/OR (3) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, WORMS, TROJAN HORSES, DEFECTS, DATE BOMBS, TIME BOMBS OR OTHER ITEMS OF A HARMFUL NATURE, WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE SITE BY A THIRD PARTY. LOWE'S DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY HYPERLINKED SITE. YOU AGREE THAT LOWE'S AND ITS AFFILIATES, PARENTS AND SUBSIDIARIES WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES AND DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE LOSS OF USE, DATA, PROFITS OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION ARISING FROM OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF THE SITE. THIS ALSO INCLUDES DELAYS IN BEING ABLE TO USE THE SITE, THE INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, OR ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE, WHETHER BASED ON TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF LOWE'S AND/OR ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES WERE AWARE OR HAD BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. This disclaimer does not apply to intentional or wanton acts on the part of Lowe's. This disclaimer constitutes an essential part of these terms.

You should use your best judgment and exercise caution where appropriate. Your use of the site and any materials provided through the site are entirely at your own risk.

Indemnification
YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS LOWE'S AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES, ATTORNEYS, ASSIGNS, SUCCESSORS-IN-INTEREST, CONTRACTORS, VENDORS, SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS, LICENSEES AND SUBLICENSEES, FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DAMAGES, CAUSES OF ACTION, COSTS (INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES) AND OTHER EXPENSES THAT ARISE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY OUT OF OR FROM: (1) YOUR ACTUAL OR ALLEGED BREACH OF THESE TERMS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE CODE OF CONDUCT; (2) ANY ALLEGATION THAT ANY CONTENT OR OTHER MATERIAL YOU HAVE SUBMITTED OR TRANSMITTED TO THE SITE INFRINGE, MISAPPROPRIATE OR OTHERWISE VIOLATE THE COPYRIGHT, TRADEMARK, TRADE SECRET OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF ANY PARTY; AND/OR (3) YOUR ACTIVITIES OR OMISSIONS IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE.

Dispute Resolution
Your use of the Site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give full effect to all provisions of the Terms. Lowe’s makes no representation or warranty that Materials and Content on the Site are appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction. Your use of the Site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give full effect to all provisions of the Terms, and you agree not to access this Site in any jurisdiction where all or any portion of the Site violates any legal requirements. You are responsible for complying with all applicable laws. Any use in contravention of any provision of the Terms is at your own risk.  

Lowe’s and You each recognize and agree that good faith, informal efforts to resolve disputes often result in prompt, low-cost and mutually beneficial outcomes. Therefore, You and Lowe’s each agree that, before either of us may commence an arbitration or assert a claim in small claims court, You and Lowe’s will engage in the following informal dispute resolution process:  

You must first present any claim or dispute to Lowe’s by contacting the customer care center to allow Lowe’s the opportunity to resolve any dispute. To initiate informal dispute resolution, You must provide Lowe’s your full name and contact information; a description of your claim; information about the specific purchase, transaction or matter at issue; your counsel’s name and contact information, if applicable; and a description of the relief sought.  
You and Lowe’s will personally meet and confer, via teleconference or videoconference, in a good faith effort to informally resolve any claim covered by this provision. If either You or Lowe’s is represented by counsel, that counsel may, but is not required to, participate in the informal dispute resolution conference.  
Either party may request arbitration or a proceeding in small claims court, as applicable, if your dispute cannot be resolved within sixty (60) days, unless an extension is mutually agreed upon by us.  
Any statute of limitations will be tolled while You and Lowe’s engage in the informal dispute resolution process described in this section. 
Choice of Law, Jurisdiction and Venue:  

You agree that this agreement and your use of the Site will be governed by the laws of the state of North Carolina. By using the Site, you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts, tribunals, agencies and other dispute resolution organizations in Charlotte, North Carolina, in all disputes (i) arising out of, relating to or concerning this agreement, the Site and your use thereof; (ii) in which the Site and/or this agreement is an issue or a material fact; or (iii) in which the Site or this agreement is referenced in a paper filed in a court, tribunal, agency or other dispute resolution organization.  
Waiver of Rights:  

YOU AGREE TO WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY CLAIMS FOR PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES AND ANY RIGHT TO PURSUE CLAIMS ON A CLASS OR CONSOLIDATED BASIS OR IN A REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY, WHICH RELATE IN ANY WAY TO THE SITE OR THIS AGREEMENT.  
LOWE’S AND YOU UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, COUNTERCLAIM, CROSS CLAIM OR THIRD-PARTY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY DISPUTE ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. IF FOR ANY REASON A CLAIM PROCEEDS IN COURT RATHER THAN THROUGH ARBITRATION, LOWE’S AND YOU AGREE THAT THERE WILL NOT BE A JURY TRIAL. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT BY THIS AGREEMENT YOU ARE WAIVING THE RIGHT TO HAVE ANY DISPUTE HEARD AND RESOLVED IN COURT BY A JURY.   
Arbitration: Please read this section carefully because it affects rights that you might otherwise have. It provides for resolution of most disputes through arbitration instead of court proceedings.  

Arbitration is different than court. There is no judge or jury, but the arbitrator can award damages. Arbitration is final, binding and subject to only limited review by a court. By using the Site, you agree to give up your right to a trial in court except for certain small claims as described below.  
You agree that this arbitration section shall survive termination of this agreement. This section shall be broadly interpreted to encompass all disputes or claims arising out of or relating to your use of the Site. Any dispute or claim made by you against Lowe’s or against any of Lowe’s subsidiary, parent or affiliated companies arising out of or related to your use of the Site, whether based on contract, statute, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory, will be resolved by binding arbitration, except that either party may elect to have such claims heard in small claims court if they qualify for hearing by such court.  
You must first present any claim or dispute to Lowe’s by contacting the customer care center to allow Lowe’s the opportunity to resolve any dispute, as outlined more fully above. Either party may request arbitration or a proceeding in small claims court, as applicable, if your dispute cannot be resolved within sixty (60) days, unless an extension is mutually agreed upon by us. The arbitration of any dispute or claim shall be conducted by and under the rules of the American Arbitration Association (or another nationwide arbitration organization, provided both parties mutually agree on an alternative arbitral tribunal), and there will be NO JURY TRIAL. Any arbitration demand must be signed by the claimant and must include a description of the claim; information about the specific purchase, transaction or matter at issue; and a description of relief sought.  
You and Lowe’s agree that this agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce and this arbitration provision will be interpreted and enforced in accordance with the US Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law. Any such arbitration shall be brought and held in Charlotte, North Carolina, and will be conducted in the English language. An arbitrator may not (i) award relief in excess of or contrary to what this agreement provides; (ii) order consolidation or arbitration on a classwide or representative basis; or (iii) award punitive damages or any other damages aside from the prevailing party’s actual damages, except that (a) the arbitrator may award on an individual basis damages required by statute and may order injunctive or declaratory relief pursuant to an applicable consumer protection statute, and (b) in the event the claim brought is frivolous, unreasonable or without foundation, or claimant continues to prosecute a claim after the claim becomes frivolous, unreasonable or without foundation, claimant will be required to reimburse respondent for its costs, expenses and reasonable attorneys’ fees, amounts paid in the investigation, defense and/or settlement of such claims, and all other amounts allowed by law. In any arbitration applying those rules applicable to large and/or complex cases, the arbitrators may also apply the Federal Rules of Evidence, and the losing party may have the award reviewed in accordance with the review procedures set forth in the selected arbitrator’s rules.  
Any arbitration shall be confidential, and neither you nor Lowe’s may disclose the existence, content or results of any arbitration, except as may be required by law or for purposes of enforcement or appeal of the arbitration award. The decisions of the arbitrators shall be binding and conclusive upon all parties involved, and any judgment or decision on any arbitration may be entered in and specifically enforced in any court having proper jurisdiction.  
If any portion of this section is determined by a court to be inapplicable or invalid, then the remainder shall be given full force and effect.  
Claimant will be required to pay any applicable filing fees. All administrative fees and expenses of arbitration will be divided equally between you and Lowe’s. Unless an applicable statute expressly permits awarding attorneys’ fees to the prevailing party, each party will bear the expense of its own counsel, experts, witnesses, and preparation and presentation of evidence at any arbitration hearing. However, as noted above, in the event the claim brought is frivolous, unreasonable or without foundation, or claimant continues to prosecute a claim after the claim becomes frivolous, unreasonable or without foundation, claimant will be required to reimburse respondent for its costs, expenses and reasonable attorneys’ fees, amounts paid in the investigation, defense and/or settlement of such claims, and all other amounts allowed by law.  
Changes to the Terms
These Terms are subject to change. You agree that Lowe’s may change, terminate, modify, add, end or delete any of these the terms and conditions (including, without limitation, the Terms) under which the Site is offered at any time. We will indicate any such change or modification by posting the updated version of the terms and conditions on Lowe’s website and changing the “Effective Date” at the beginning of the Terms. Any change to the Terms after your last usage of the Site will not be applied retroactively.

Lowe’s, in its sole and absolute discretion, reserves the right to update, change, terminate, suspend, modify, add, end or delete any of these Terms, the Additional Terms (including for both PRO and Personal Accounts), any Programs (as defined herein) or any subprograms, benefits, special offers or rewards, in whole or in part, at any time with or without notice. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the revisions to https://www.lowes.com/l/about/terms-and-conditions-of-use, which posting will constitute notice of any such changes or modifications. Your continued use or participation constitutes your agreement to any changes or modifications. However, any change to the Terms after your last usage of the Site will not be applied retroactively.

Miscellaneous
You specifically acknowledge that Lowe’s has the right to correct any errors in the Program(s), including, without limitation, any typographical errors, errors of descriptions, and errors in the crediting or debiting of benefits (including, but not limited to MyLowe’s Status, MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Status, Points, MLPR Rewards, and Member Benefits).

You agree that Lowe’s may assign all or part of this agreement without such assignment being considered a change to the agreement and without providing notice to you. You agree that Lowe’s will be released from all liability upon assignment. The assignee shall have the same rights and obligations as the assignor.

You agree that information related to your use of the Site may be subject to legal process. Information and data that you submit to Lowe’s through the Site may be subject to legal process (e.g., a subpoena) by Lowe’s or a third party or government entity, even if that information has been deleted and only exists in backup form. You acknowledge and understand that Lowe’s will comply with all applicable legal obligations in making such information available pursuant to valid legal process. You acknowledge and agree that Lowe’s may have no obligation to give you notice of any legal process that may result in any information related to your use of the site being produced, discovered or otherwise disclosed.

Lowe’s performance of these Terms and any other policy contained on the Site is subject to existing and future laws and legal process. Nothing in these Terms is in derogation of Lowe’s right to comply with law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Site or information given to or gathered by Lowe’s with respect to such use.

You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship exists between you and service providers or suppliers, or you and Lowe’s as a result of these Terms or your use of the Site.

Any rights not expressly granted to you herein are reserved by and to Lowe’s, its affiliates, subsidiaries and licensors, and other third parties.

The Terms and the applicable terms of sale constitute the entire agreement between you and Lowe’s with respect to the subject matter thereof. This agreement supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether written, oral or electronic, between you and Lowe’s with respect to the Site. No modification of the Terms shall be effective unless such modification is authored by Lowe’s or it is physically signed in blue ink by an executive officer of Lowe’s.

Any actual or alleged waiver by Lowe’s of any actual or alleged breach of the Terms by you shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any future breach.

A printed version of these Terms and/or any notice given by Lowe’s in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial and administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms or your use of the Site to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained by Lowe’s in printed form.

If any part of these Terms is found to be invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, you agree that the invalid or unenforceable provision will be superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision, and the remainder of the agreement shall continue to govern your use of the Site.

Additional Registered User Terms
You can register as either a Personal or PRO user of the Site and become a registered user (a “Registered User” or “User”). A single email address can be associated with either a Personal Account or a PRO Account but not both (Personal Accounts and PRO Accounts are collectively and individually “Account(s)”). Becoming a Registered User gives you access to additional services, benefits, promotions and functionalities available on the Site or in store (collectively, “Registered Services”), which vary depending on whether you have a Personal Account or a PRO Account.

Registration and Applicable Terms. You can become a Registered User with a Personal or PRO Account by registering on the Site. 

By creating or using a PRO Account, you consent to and agree to be bound by the Terms, these Additional Registered User Terms, the Additional PRO Account & MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Terms (including any MyLowe’s Pro Rewards program and subprograms), and Lowe’s Privacy Statement (https://www.lowes.com/l/privacy-and-security-statement.html) (collectively “PRO Terms”).
By creating or using a Personal Account, you consent to and agree to be bound by the Terms, these Additional Registered User Terms, the Additional MyLowe’s Rewards Terms and Lowe’s Privacy Statement (https://www.lowes.com/l/privacy-and-security-statement.html) (collectively “Personal Terms”)
“PRO Terms” and “Personal Terms” are collectively and individually “Additional Terms”. If you do not agree with any of the Additional Terms, you must discontinue use of the Registered Services.
Email and Password. As part of the registration process, you will be asked to provide a valid email address and create a password. Your email address will serve as your account identifier. Lowe’s may refuse to accept an email address that impersonates someone else, is or may be illegal, infringes on any trademark or other proprietary rights, is vulgar or otherwise offensive, or may cause confusion, as determined by us in our sole discretion. You agree not to transfer, resell, share, allow unauthorized persons to use or otherwise facilitate access to or use of the Site through your Account. If you have reason to believe that your Account is no longer secure, you must promptly change your password on your Account or immediately notify Lowe’s of the problem by contacting Lowe’s customer care at 1-800-445-6937. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your email address and password, and any and all activities (including purchases) that are conducted through your Account.



Member ID.

“Member ID” is a QR Code in the App that may be used to identify you as a Registered User in store only.
Payment Methods.

Access. To access and manage your Payment Methods, you must sign in to your Personal Account or PRO Account and go to My Settings.
Use. Payment Methods allow you to store certain payment methods, including, debit cards and credit cards such as Lowe’s Commercial Account (LCA), MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Credit Card (MLPRC), MyLowe’s Rewards Credit Card, a Lowe’s Gift Card, or other available payment methods.
Wallet. The Wallet is a feature built into the Lowe's Application (“Lowe’s App”) that allows Registered User to use their smartphone to pay for in-store purchases. Use of Wallet is subject to these Terms. The Wallet simplifies in-store checkout by using a single QR code to apply Lowe's offers, coupons, rewards, and payment methods, including, Lowe’s gift cards, credit cards and debit cards. To use the Wallet in store, access the Wallet on the Lowe's App, select the desired options and follow the instructions on the register.
Adding Payment Methods in My Settings.
To add a debit or credit card in My Settings, you will need the card number, unless the card is already saved in your Lowes.com Personal or PRO Account, as well as the expiration date and CVV.
To add and use any other payment methods, you will need the authenticating information needed to sign in and access your account with the third-party digital wallet or other payment method.
Deactivation, Suspension or Closed Tender. If a debit or credit card, that has been added to the Payment Methodsis deactivated, suspended, closed, expired or otherwise not valid, you will not be able to apply that payment method to your purchase. Lowe’s reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access to or use of the Payment Methods and/or Wallet at any time, without notice and in its sole discretion.
No Financial Charge for Payment Methods or Wallet. Lowe’s does not charge you to use the Payment Methods or Wallet, but message and data rates may apply from your mobile phone service provider, and you are responsible for those fees and charges.
Confidentiality. If you use Payment Methods or the Wallet, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the Payment Methods and Wallet, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur in the Payment Methods and Wallet. The terms and conditions of your credit or debit card agreements or other payment method agreements govern the use of your payment method in the Wallet.
Restrictions or Limitations. Lowe’s may restrict, or otherwise limit, (i) the types of payment methods that may be added to the Wallet and (ii) the types of products or services that may be purchased through the payment methods that are loaded onto the Wallet. In addition, some products or services may require additional verification prior to completion of purchase through cards or payment methods loaded onto the Wallet. Any restrictions or limitations on such products or services may be without notice and are solely at Lowe’s discretion.

Communications From Lowe’s. By becoming a new Registered User, you agree and/or can voluntarily opt in to receive general and targeted advertising, marketing materials and other communications, including mail, email, other computer electronic messaging or other means from Lowe’s and its subsidiaries and affiliates.

Privacy; Financial Incentives. We may provide price discounts, coupons, services and other perks for (1) Account holders and members of our loyalty programs; (2) military and other discount holders; (3) members of our mailing and email list; and (4) customers who have a Lowe’s private label credit card account (collectively “Financial Incentive Programs”). When you participate in our Financial Incentive Programs, you acknowledge and consent to the financial incentives outlined under these Additional Terms. You also consent to Lowe’s collection, use and disclosure of your personal information (e.g., names, emails, phone numbers, address, online activities, transaction history, etc.) pursuant to the Lowe’s Privacy Statement when you participate in our Financial Incentive Programs. Lowe’s may use the information to identify you, to provide you with tailored products and services, and to enhance our relationship with you. You acknowledge that you understand there is no obligation to participate in our Financial Incentive Programs and consumers may terminate their participation at any time.

Submissions. As a Registered User, you may be able to upload information or data to your Account. The information or data you upload or enter into your Account is called “Submissions.” Lowe’s reserves the right to monitor any Submissions, but Lowe’s is under no legal obligation to do so. 

Your Submissions. 

For any Submissions that are covered by any intellectual property rights (“IP Content”), you grant Lowe’s a nonexclusive, perpetual, transferable, sublicensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use those Submissions (“IP License”) as Lowe’s sees fit in its sole discretion.
The IP License ends when you delete your IP Content from your Account, unless your IP Content has already been used outside your Account or shared with others and they have not deleted it.
You understand and agree that deleted IP Content may persist in backup copies of your Account, but deleted IP Content will not be available for your use or review from your Account once it has been deleted. 
You agree that Lowe’s, its affiliates and agents may use your name, email address, telephone number, and/or other Account information to access, review, edit and modify your Submissions, Tracked Purchases (defined in the Personal Account and PRO Account specific sections below) and other information associated with your Account.  
Deactivation of Your Account. Lowe’s reserves the right in its sole discretion to remove or delete any or all material from your Account or the Site at any time. Lowe’s may also deactivate your Account for any reason and in its sole discretion. Deactivation of your Account for any reason, including at your request or as a result of Account inactivity, may result in all data and information uploaded or submitted by you or by Lowe’s, regardless of source, no longer being accessible to you, even if you decide to open a new Account. You acknowledge and agree that, except to the extent required by law, Lowe’s has no obligation to make a copy, electronic or otherwise, of your Submissions, Tracked Purchases or purchase history available to you at any time, including, without limitation, upon deactivation of your Account for any reason. 

Changing Account Types. You may change your Account from Personal to PRO at any time. Changing from a Personal to a PRO Account is not reversible and will result in the loss of any benefits unique to Personal Accounts, including, but not limited to, your Account status and any accrued rewards. Data associated with your Account, including, without limitation, any saved Payment Methods, MyLowe’s Rewards Account data, purchase history and personal addresses, will transfer to the PRO Account and be visible to any PRO Account admin. You may not change a PRO Account to a Personal Account. If you’d like to maintain a PRO and Personal Account, you will need to establish each Account separately and provide a unique email address for each Account.

Termination of Service. Lowe’s reserves the right to terminate your access to and use of the MyLowe’s Rewards Program (as defined below), MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program (as defined below), your Account and the Registered Services, or any portion thereof, without liability, at any time and for any reason, with or without cause, and without notice to you. You may choose to deactivate your Account at any time by contacting Lowe’s. PRO Account holders can contact Lowe’s at 1-844-LOW4PRO. Personal Account holders can contact Lowe’s at 1-800-444-6937.

Upon (i) deactivation of your Account, (ii) termination of the MyLowe’s Rewards Program, MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program, or the Registered Services, or (iii) upon your violation of any Terms, your right to use the Registered Services will immediately cease.

Changes to the Additional Terms; No Waiver. Lowe’s may update, change, suspend, terminate, modify, add, end or delete the Additional Terms, your Account or the Site in its sole discretion at any time with or without notice. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the revisions to https://www.lowes.com/l/about/terms-and-conditions-of-use which posting will constitute notice of any such changes or modifications. Your continued use or participation constitutes your agreement to any changes or modifications. However, any change to the Terms after your last usage of the Site will not be applied retroactively. Any failure by Lowe’s to enforce any of these Additional Terms shall in no way be construed to constitute a waiver of such Additional Term or any other Additional Term.

Additional Personal Account and MyLowe’s Rewards Terms
Personal Accounts. A Personal Account may be required to obtain and use certain Site features, programs and benefits, including, but not limited to, Lowe’s Military Discount, Subscriptions, certain Installation Services offered through the Site, and the MyLowe’s Rewards Program.

By creating or using a Personal Account, you understand and agree that you are joining the MyLowe’s Rewards Program (“MyLowe’s Rewards Program”), as further detailed herein, and agree to be bound by the Terms, including these Additional Personal Account and MyLowe’s Rewards Terms. A Registered User with a Personal Account may also be referred to individually as a “MyLowe’s Rewards Member” or “MLR Member” and collectively as “MyLowe’s Rewards Members” or “MLR Members”.

Personal Account Eligibility & Restrictions. Personal Accounts are available only to individuals at least age eighteen (or the age of majority in their jurisdiction) residing in the United States The District of Columbia and all U.S. territories and possessions (including Puerto Rico, Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, and the Northern Mariana Islands. Certain benefits may not be available in all locations. Business/commercial use is prohibited. Corporate and business organizations, including but not limited to Lowe’s Pro customers, government customers and cooperative purchasing programs, including GPOs Parent Organizations, are not eligible for the MyLowe’s Rewards Program.

Lowe’s makes no representations that MyLowe’s Rewards Program and any content or functionality available through MyLowe’s Rewards Program and its associated features are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who choose to access the Site or participate MyLowe’s Rewards Program from other locations do so on their own initiative and at their own risk and are responsible for complying with local laws, to the extent they are applicable. These Terms do not alter the terms and conditions of any other written agreement you may have with Lowe’s for other products, installations, and services.

All Lowe’s employees with a Personal Account are eligible to participate in the MyLowe’s Rewards Program. Employees who do not have a Personal Account, are not enrolled in the MyLowe’s Rewards Program, but may continue to use their physical employee discount card to receive the discount when shopping in-store.

Unless expressly provided therein, the Personal Account and the MyLowe’s Rewards Program, including any subprogram, offers and benefits, cannot be combined with any (i) other loyalty or reward program (including MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program), promotion, discount, markdown, coupon, rebate or offer, including any Lowe’s volume or special discount programs (such as but not limited to Lowest Price Guarantee, Special Value, New Lower Price, Was:Now and credit discount offers); or (ii) associate-discretion price adjustments.

Personal Accounts and the MyLowe’s Rewards Program are not available, and each is void, where prohibited by federal, state, or local law. MyLowe’s Rewards Program, and any benefits offered to MLR Members may be modified by Lowe’s in its sole discretion. Your continued use of a Personal Account and/or your participation in the MyLowe’s Rewards Program after notice of a change is posted on Lowes.com shall be considered your acknowledgement and acceptance of the change.

Notice of Benefits/Incentives. To receive MyLowe’s Rewards Program membership benefits, including, but not limited to, MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases (as define below) you must maintain a Personal Account. Lowe’s will not be able to provide you with MyLowe’s Rewards Program benefits if: (i) you do not maintain a Personal Account to track your eligible purchases and provide the necessary information to identify your Personal Account when making purchases (see MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases section below); or (ii) you deactivate your Personal Account, opt out of MyLowe’s Rewards benefits, or request that we delete your Personal Account or personal information. 

By creating or using a Personal Account, you consent to the financial incentives outlined under these Additional Terms, including, but not limited to, the “MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases,” “MyLowe’s Rewards Program,” and the financial incentives outlined in any offer or subprogram.

Personal Account Benefits. 

MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases. Lowe’s may track the purchases that you make on the Site while logged on to your Personal Account and purchases made in-store with your Member ID, Wallet Scan to Pay, or a registered phone number (collectively and individually “MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases”). MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases apply to purchases made at Lowe’s branded U.S. Stores, Lowe’s Outlet locations, or Lowes.com (including purchases made through Lowe’s contact center) and fulfilled by or on behalf of a Lowe’s branded US Store, Lowe’s Outlet locations or Lowes.com. MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases may not appear in your Account immediately. Websites operated by or “powered by” third parties on behalf of Lowe’s, including websites that may be branded or co-branded with Lowe’s (e.g., applianceparts.lowes.com) are excluded from MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases and the MyLowe’s Rewards Loyalty Program. Purchases made at Lowe’s delivery warehouses, or distribution centers are excluded from MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases. We may disclose your MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases in accordance with the Lowe’s Privacy Statement. Lowe’s reserves the right to correct any errors. If you have any issues, please contact Lowe’s at 1-800-445-6937.
Personal Account Purchases. Any eligible purchases made while signed into your Personal Account on the Site will be a MyLowe’s Tracked Purchase.
Member ID. MLR Members may scan their Member ID at checkout to ensure that eligible purchases are saved as MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases while shopping in store.
Phone Number. MLR Members may enter the phone number that is associated with their Personal Account at checkout to ensure that eligible purchases are saved as MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases.
Scan to Pay. MLR Members may use the Scan to Pay code in their Wallet while shopping in-store to ensure that eligible purchases are saved as MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases.
Purchase History. You must have a Personal Account and make MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases to have the ability to see online and in-store purchase history. Lowe’s reserves the right to limit purchase history including the number of years which remain available.
Purchases Through Digital Wallets. Purchases made through non-Lowe’s branded digital wallets (including purchases made with a MyLowe’s Rewards credit card through a third-party digital wallet) will not count toward or be eligible for MyLowe’s Rewards or benefits, unless you are signed into your online Personal Account or provide the Member ID or registered phone number that is associated to your account at checkout.
Third-Party Delivery Platforms. In addition, orders made on third-party delivery platforms (e.g., Instacart, etc.) will not count toward or be eligible for MyLowe’s Rewards Program rewards or benefits. Orders placed by or on behalf of third-party aggregators, groups, organizations, and business entities will also not count toward or be eligible for MyLowe’s Rewards Program rewards or benefits.
Miscellaneous.

Lowe’s, in its sole and absolute discretion, may (i) determine whether there has been fraud or abuse of any kind associated with your Personal Account and, (ii) if Lowe’s makes such a determination, terminate your Personal Account and/or your participation in the MyLowe’s Rewards Program or any subprogram.
By creating a Personal Account, you accept all terms and conditions in these Additional Personal Account and MyLowe’s Rewards Terms and release Lowe’s, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates, and hold Lowe’s, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates, harmless from any claim, liability or damage relating to the MyLowe’s Rewards Program or any subprogram, thereof.
LOWE’S, ITS PARENT, SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES MAKE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATION OF WARRANTY AS TO ANY BENEFITS AND WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INJURY, DAMAGE, LOSS OR EXPENSE RESULTING FROM THE USE OR ACCEPTANCE OF ANY PART OF THE PERSONAL ACCOUNT, MYLOWE’S REWARDS PROGRAM OR ANY SUBPROGRAM.
These Additional Personal Account and MyLowe’s Rewards Program Terms are subject to change. You agree that Lowe’s may change, terminate, suspend, modify, add, end or delete any of these Additional Personal Account and MyLowe’s Rewards Program Terms. We will indicate any such change or modification by posting the updated version on Lowe’s website and changing the “Effective Date” at the beginning of the Terms. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the revisions to https://www.lowes.com/l/about/terms-and-conditions-of-use which posting will constitute notice of any such changes or modifications. Your continued use or participation constitutes your agreement to any changes or modifications. However, any change to the Terms after your last usage of the Site will not be applied retroactively.

MyLowe’s Rewards Program

The MyLowe’s Rewards Program provides MLR Members with certain benefits and offers (as described further herein) (collectively “MyLowe’s Rewards”), unless prohibited by applicable law, based on Personal Account Holder’s accrued spend on Eligible Purchases (as defined below) or other actions or opportunities as may be presented by Lowe’s from time to time in Lowe’s sole discretion. MLR Members are placed in MyLowe’s Rewards Statuses (as defined below) based on the MLR Member’s accrued spend. The MyLowe’s Rewards Statuses determine the rate a MLR Member earns points on Eligible Purchases towards MyLowe’s Money rewards (“MyLowe’s Money”) that can be applied towards future Lowe’s purchases and may determine other benefits. 

There is no fee associated with the MyLowe’s Rewards Program. Your participation in the MyLowe’s Rewards Program is unique to the MLR Member’s Personal Account. MyLowe’s Rewards Program, MyLowe’s Rewards, MyLowe’s Rewards Statuses, and Points, and MyLowe’s Money may not be gifted, purchased, sold, bartered, brokered or otherwise transferred. 

MyLowe’s Rewards, including Points and MyLowe’s Money available via the MyLowe’s Rewards Program, have no cash value, are purely promotional and do not constitute property of any MLR Member. No portion of any payment for Eligible Purchases under the MyLowe’s Rewards Program or any MyLowe’s Rewards Status, member benefits, or any other MyLowe’s Rewards constitutes consideration paid for the MyLowe’s Rewards Program or any MyLowe’s Rewards benefit. Lowe’s reserves the right in its sole discretion to limit the claiming or redemption of specific MyLowe’s Rewards and to limit the number of MyLowe’s Reward Statuses and MyLowe’s Rewards available.

MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period. MyLowe’s Rewards Program is voluntary and based on consecutive MyLowe’s Rewards Program Periods (as defined herein), starting in the year in which a MLR Member joins MyLowe’s Rewards. The MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period will be effective January 1 to December 31 of each calendar year, unless otherwise stated herein (each separate calendar year is a “MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period”). Lowe’s may, in its sole and exclusive discretion, designate different MyLowe’s Rewards Program Periods or modify, shorten or extend any MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period. Eligible Purchases accrued spend expires at 12:01 a.m. ET on January 1 each Program Period.
Distribution of Benefits. All benefits and/or MyLowe’s Rewards, including MyLowe’s Money, generated will accrue during a MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period and will be auto-issued only to the Registered User of the Personal Account. For avoidance of doubt, MyLowe’s Rewards, including any Points and MyLowe’s Money (as defined herein), shall only accrue and be distributed to the Personal Account identified at the time of purchase.
Program Launch. Registered Users will be notified via email as to the start of the MyLowe’s Rewards Program in their respective area.
Withdrawing From MyLowe’s Rewards Program. If you are enrolled in the MyLowe’s Rewards Program and decide to deactivate or cancel your Personal Account, you will lose access to any stored information in your Personal Account, accrued and unused benefits, including any unused MyLowe’s Money saved in your Wallet. If you wish to deactivate your Account or delete your information, please contact us at 1-800-445-6937.
Eligible Purchases: “Eligible Purchases” are MyLowe’s Tracked Purchases that have been settled and fulfilled and appear on the Personal Account purchase history excluding: rental fees; shipping and handling; delivery; surcharges; service fees; sales and use taxes; product fees, purchases of Lowe’s Gift Cards or other third-party Gift Cards, or purchases made with loyalty rewards, including MyLowe’s Money, or other promotional items (such as free items), or purchases made using payment tender currently saved to an existing PRO Account.
MyLowe’s Rewards Program Status. The MyLowe’s Rewards Program has different membership levels (each a “MyLowe’s Rewards Status”), which is based on the MLR Member’s cumulative, accrued spend on Eligible Purchases in the applicable MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period. See Table 1.1 below for the spend thresholds for each Status. MLR Members can reach one or more of the following MyLowe’s Rewards Program Statuses within a given MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period: Bronze Key, Silver Key, Gold Key. Each Status provides MLR Members with access to unique MyLowe’s Rewards Program benefits and offers, including lower spend threshold to receive free shipping, as discussed in detail below. Lowe’s in its sole discretion, may provide certain MLR Members with Silver Key Status based on criteria other than cumulative, accrued spend on Eligible Purchases. In such instances, these customers must still meet the accrued spend threshold in Table 3.1 to achieve the next Status. For example, a MLR Member receives Silver Key Status at a time MLR Member has $0 in accrued Eligible Purchase spend; such MLR Member must reach $2,000 of Eligible Purchase spend to achieve Gold Key Status.

During a MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period, MLR Member may move up into one or more MyLowe’s Rewards Statuses based on the MLR Member’s accrued Eligible Purchases. Once a MLR Member reaches a certain MyLowe’s Rewards Status, the MLR Member will maintain that MyLowe’s Status for the remainder of the MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period and the subsequent MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period provided Eligible Purchases are not returned. If a MLR Member does not make enough Eligible Purchases by the end of a given MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period to maintain the MyLowe’s Rewards Status reached the previous MyLowe’s Reward Program Period, then the MLR Member will begin the subsequent Program Period at the lower MyLowe’s Rewards Status that corresponds to the MLR Member’s actual accrued spend from Eligible Purchases made in the preceding MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period. A MLR Member’s Eligible Purchase accrued spend will reset to zero at the beginning of each new MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period. Lowe’s reserves the right to change, modify or update the requirements needed to earn each MyLowe’s Rewards Status (including, without limitation, the minimum amount of accrued spend required) and determine a MLR Member’s starting MyLowe’s Rewards Status for any MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period in its sole discretion.

Lower Threshold for Free Standard Shipping Benefit (Not Available in AK & HI or any U.S. territory or possession (including Puerto Rico, Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, and the Northern Mariana Islands). MLR Members may receive free standard shipping on eligible purchases if they meet a minimum purchase threshold. For example, MLR Members in the Bronze Key Status will receive free standard shipping on eligible purchases of $35 or more, subject to certain exclusions. MLR Members in the Silver and Gold Key Statuses will receive free standard shipping on eligible purchases without any minimum spend required. The lower free standard shipping threshold is only applicable to eligible purchases made through Lowes.com while a MLR Member is logged into their MyLowe’s Rewards Account. See Table 1.1 below for the minimum purchase thresholds a MLR Member must meet for each Status to receive free standard shipping on purchase orders. Standard shipping and Free Standard Shipping are not available in Alaska, Hawaii, or any U.S. territory or possession (including Puerto Rico, Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, and the Northern Mariana Islands).
Table showing Accrued Spend Thresholds and Lower Shipping Thresholds for MyLowe’s Rewards Statuses.
View Detailed Chart Description
Points. MLR Members will earn points on Eligible Purchases in accordance with their MyLowe’s Status (“Points”). Points expire if no Eligible Purchases are made, and no Points are otherwise earned or awarded to the Account, for 365 days.
Points Calculation. 
Points will be awarded on Eligible Purchases in accordance with a MLR Member’s corresponding MyLowe’s Status. MLR Members in the Bronze Key Status will earn 1 Point per dollar spent on an Eligible Purchases; MLR Members in the Silver Key Status will earn 1.25 Points per dollar spent on Eligible Purchases; and MLR Members in the Gold Key Status will earn 1.5 Points per dollar spent on an Eligible Purchases. For illustrative purposes only, if a MLR Member in Silver Status made a $95 Eligible Purchase, the approximate number of Points awarded would be 118.75 Points.

Each MyLowe’s Rewards Status and the Points accrual rate is progressive, meaning the applicable percentage will only apply to the Eligible Purchase amount MLR Member spent within the applicable Status. Lowe’s will round partial cents to the nearest cent. Two different Points accrual percentages may apply to one Eligible Purchase. By way of example only, if a MLR Member needed $50 in in Eligible Purchases to move up to a higher MyLowe’s Status and spent $100 on a Eligible Purchase, $50 of such Eligible Purchase will earn Points at the lower MyLowe’s Rewards Status and the remaining $50 will earn Points at the higher MyLowe’s Rewards Status.

Lowe’s in its sole discretion may offer additional points or a higher rate of points per dollar spent for certain or select Eligible Purchases. When expressed as a multiplier of Points, the y Points awarded will be calculated by multiplying the Eligible Purchase amount (accounting for MLR Member’s Status) by the stated multiplier. For example, A Silver Key Status MLR Member makes a $100 Eligible Purchase with a 2X Points offer; this MLR Member would earn 250 Points ($100 x 1.25 x 2 = 250).
 Returns of Eligible Purchases. If an item(s) from an Eligible Purchase is returned, the returned amount will be deducted from Eligible Purchase accrued spend and Points. If a return is made after MyLowe’s Money has been issued, a MLR Member’s Account may reflect a negative Points balance.
Additional Points Offerings. From time to time, Lowe’s, or others acting with our permission, may offer MLR Members opportunities to earn Points for engaging in certain promotional activities; upon achieving certain MyLowe’s Rewards Program milestones; or completing other actions or opportunities as may be presented. Points for such offerings will be awarded as described in the applicable offer and will be subject to any additional terms set forth within that offer.
MyLowe’s Rewards Credit Card Holder Benefit. MyLowe’s Rewards Credit Card (‘MLRCC’) holders will be upgraded to Silver Key Status, and have access to Silver Key benefits, when their LAC is saved to their MyLowe’s Rewards Wallet. Certain LAC holders may need to save their LAC card to their MyLowe’s Reward Wallet themselves by following the instructions on the Site. If  MLR Member terminates their LAC credit line, the MLR Member’s MyLowe’s Status will be placed in the MyLowe’s Rewards Status that matches their current Eligible Purchases spend accrual. For example, if MLR Member terminates their LAC credit line, and MLR Member’s spend threshold matches Bronze Key, then, the MLR Member will be moved from the Silver Key Status to the Bronze Key Status.
MyLowe’s Money.  MLR Members will be automatically issued MyLowe’s Money to their Wallet in $5 increments when a MLR Member accrues 500 Points and those Points will be deducted from the MLR Members Points balance. MyLowe’s Money can be applied towards future purchases that are made on or before the expiration date set forth on each MyLowe’s Money certificate. If not used within the redemption period, then the MyLowe’s Money expires. If no redemption period or expiration date is stated, then the expiration date will be thirty (30) days from date of its issuance.
MyLowe’s Money is non-transferrable and is not a credit, debit or gift card; it has no implied warranties. There is a limit of 5 MyLowe’s Money per transaction. MyLowe’s Money will be applied to a MLR Member’s purchase after all applicable discounts, coupons, taxes and fees have been applied. MyLowe’s Money cannot be exchanged for cash, is void if altered, defaced, copied, transferred, or sold (thru any on-line auction or otherwise). MyLowe’s Money may not be redeemed or used on (1) gift cards, including Lowe’s-branded gift cards; (2) payments to a Lowe’s credit card or any third-party charge account; (3) on any Lowe’s branded website operated by a 3rd party; or (4) Weber, Kichler or Miele products. Returns: for merchandise purchased with MyLowe’s Money return value will be applied first to payment method and any remaining value will be returned as MyLowe’s Money to customer’s Wallet.
A MLR Member may use a partial amount of their MyLowe’s Money, but the MLR Member cannot dictate the amount of MyLowe’s Money that will be applied towards a purchase (i.e., a MLR Member cannot decide to use a pre-determined amount of MyLowe’s Money on a purchase). If a MLR Member purchases a $3.00 product and uses $3.00 out of the $5.00 available on the MyLowe’s Money certificate, the MLR Member can later apply the remaining $2.00 towards a future purchase that is made within the applicable redemption period.
Returns with MyLowe’s Money. MLR Members who return an item that was purchased with MyLowe’s Money will receive the MyLowe’s Money back to their Account  or in the form of one or more In-store Credit (Merchandise Credit) cards in Lowe’s discretion. If the MyLowe’s Money that was used to make the purchase has expired and Lowe’s issues replacement MyLowe’s Money, your MyLowe’s Money will be returned to the Wallet with an updated expiration date. For returns of orders partially paid with MyLowe’s Money, MLR Members will first receive the returned payment to their payment method (cash, credit or debit card) and then any remaining amount will be returned to the MLR Member’s Wallet as MyLowe’s Money or in the form of one or more In-store Credit (Merchandise Credit) cards in Lowe’s discretion.
Expiration of Benefits; Inactive Accounts. At the end of each MyLowe’s Rewards Program Period, a MLR Member’s accrued Eligible Purchases balance will reset to $0.00. Unclaimed or unused MyLowe’s Rewards, including MyLowe’s Money, expire upon the exit, cancellation or termination of your MyLowe’s Rewards Account as described below. If you have any questions regarding your MyLowe’s Rewards Account status, please contact Lowe’s by calling 1-800-445-6937. 
Suspension or Termination. Lowe’s reserves the right to terminate or suspend a Registered User’s Personal Account if the Personal Account remains inactive for a period of two (2) years or more. Accordingly, if a MLR Member does not make an Eligible Purchase within a two (2) year time period after the MLR Member’s initial Account creation or a MLR Member’s last recorded Eligible Purchase, whichever occurs later, Lowe’s reserves the right to terminate or suspend the Registered User’s Personal Account. You understand and agree that the termination or suspension by Lowe’s of a Personal Account will result in the cancellation of all MyLowe’s Rewards Benefits.
Lowe’s reserves the right in its sole discretion to update, change, modify, add, end, delete, suspend or terminate the MyLowe’s Rewards Program or any or all benefits under the MyLowe’s Rewards Program or any policy pertaining to the MyLowe’s Rewards Program, at any time, for any reason, including our right to discontinue or change the MyLowe’s Statuses or change the expiration date or claiming or redemption value of Points or MyLowe’s Money, merge the MyLowe’s Rewards Program with another program, or adjust how Points or MyLowe’s Money are received, calculated or claimed.
If Lowe’s elects to terminate or modify in a material way the MyLowe’s Rewards Program or any benefits or policies of the MyLowe’s Rewards Program, Lowe’s will provide a notice of the material modification or termination by either posting the modifications or notice of termination to Lowes.com or some other adequate means. We may also attempt to notify you in other ways. Any modifications will become effective immediately upon posting the revisions to https://www.lowes.com/l/about/terms-and-conditions-of-use which posting will constitute notice of any such changes or modifications. Your continued use or participation constitutes your agreement to any changes or modifications. However, any change to the Terms after your last usage of the Site will not be applied retroactively. We encourage you to review these Terms regularly for modifications. In the event of such termination, at Lowe’s election, Lowe’s may, in its sole discretion, allow you to claim any outstanding unclaimed and unexpired Rewards (if any) accrued through the date of such termination for ninety (90) days after such termination.
Taxes. You are solely liable and responsible for any applicable federal, state or local taxes arising out of your participation in the MyLowe’s Rewards Program. Please consult your tax adviser concerning any tax consequences that may arise from your participation.
Customer Service. For MyLowe’s Rewards Program assistance, please contact 1-800-445-6937 for MyLowe’s Rewards.
Additional PRO Account and MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Terms
PRO Account Specific Benefits. A PRO Account may be required to obtain and use certain site features, programs and benefits, including but not limited to the MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program, Bulk Purchasing, and Quotes. By creating or using a PRO Account, you (“you”) are joining the MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program (“MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program” or “MLPR Program”), and you understand and agree that you are participating in the Loyalty Program on behalf of your company or business. 

Please note that certain benefits that are available to Personal Accounts are not available to PRO Accounts. Converting a Personal Account into a PRO Account will result in the loss of certain benefits exclusive to Personal Accounts, including Military Discount, Subscriptions, MyLowe’s Rewards features, and any other benefits unique to Personal Accounts.

These PRO Terms do not alter the terms and conditions of any other written agreement you may have with Lowe’s for other products and services.

PRO Accounts. PRO Accounts must be registered under a business name (the “Organization”). An individual User with authority to bind the Organization may create a single Account for an Organization (“Primary Admin”), and any other admin may invite others to create additional user Accounts as part of the Organization. To have multiple Users under a single Organization Account, the Primary Admin must invite those users to register using the email link, code provided through your PRO Account or other methods as determined by Lowe’s.

By creating a PRO Account, you represent and warrant to Lowe’s that you are fully authorized to create and manage that Account on behalf of the company associated with that Account.

PRO Account Eligibility and Restrictions. PRO Accounts are available only to business customers in the United States (including the District of Columbia). All U.S. territories and possessions (including Puerto Rico, Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, and the Northern Mariana Islands). Certain benefits may not be available in all locations. Personal use is prohibited.

PRO Accounts and the MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program are not available and each is void where prohibited by federal, state or local law.

Unless expressly provided therein and except for Lowe’s Every Day 5% Credit discount offer, the PRO Account, the MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program, or any subprogram offers and benefits cannot be combined with any (i) other promotion, discount, markdown, coupon, rebate or offer, including any Lowe’s volume or special discount programs (such as but not limited to Contractor Packs, Buy in Bulk, Member Volume Discounts, Military Discount, Employee Discount, Lowest Price Guarantee Price Match, Special Value, New Lower Price, Was:Now and credit discount offers); or (ii) associate-discretion price adjustments.

Notice of Benefits/Incentives for Account Maintenance. To receive MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program membership benefits, including but not limited to PRO Tracked Purchases (as defined below), you must maintain a PRO Account. Some Program membership benefits are earned via qualifying purchases. Lowe’s will not be able to provide you with membership benefits: (i) if you do not maintain a PRO Account to track your qualifying purchases; or (ii) if you cancel your Account, opt out of membership benefits, or request that we delete your Account or personal information. 

By creating or using a PRO Account, you consent to the financial incentives outlined under these Additional PRO Account and MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Terms, including but not limited to “PRO Tracked Purchases,” “Subprograms,” “Special Offers” and the financial incentives outlined in any offer or subprogram. 


Customer Opt-Out of MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program Benefits. By creating or using a PRO Account, you opt in to participate in the MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program and benefits, including any subprograms for which you meet the eligibility requirements, which is required to maintain a PRO Account. If you are eligible for MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program benefits and decide to opt out, you will no longer be able to use your PRO Account and must discontinue use of your PRO Account or delete it, as directed by Lowe’s. If you want to delete your Account or have questions about claiming or redeeming Rewards, please contact us at 1-844-LOW4PRO.

Termination or Suspension of Your Account or the MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program. Upon deactivation of your PRO Account or termination of the Program, or upon your violation of these Additional Terms, your right to have an Account or receive any benefits or otherwise participate in the Program will immediately cease to the extent permitted by laws and regulations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless Lowe’s terminates your PRO Account for cause, you or your Organization (as applicable) will receive any reward earned up to the date of deactivation or termination, unless the reward terms specifically provide otherwise. “For cause” includes, without limitation, your suspected or actual fraud, abuse, or violation of any PRO Terms as determined in Lowe’s sole and absolute discretion.

Upon suspension of your PRO Account, you and/or your Organization (as applicable) will not receive or accrue any benefits, and any purchases made by you or by another User within your Organization during a suspension will not accrue as Qualifying Purchases, as defined below, for any program or subprogram.

PRO Account Benefits.

PRO Tracked Purchases. Lowe’s may track for the MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program, all the purchases that you make with Registered Tender (as defined below), your PRO Account, Member ID, Phone Number or Receipt Upload (collectively and individually “PRO Tracked Purchases”). PRO Tracked Purchases will be tracked for all purchases made at Lowe’s branded US Stores, Lowe’s Outlet locations, or Lowes.com (including purchases made through Lowe’s contact center) and fulfilled by or on behalf of a Lowe’s branded US Store, Lowe’s Outlet location, or Lowes.com. Purchases may not appear in your Account immediately. Websites operated by or “powered by” third parties on behalf of Lowe’s, including websites that may be branded or co-branded with Lowe’s, are excluded (e.g., applianceparts.lowes.com). Purchases made at Lowe’s Pro Supply or Lowe’s delivery warehouses or distribution centers are excluded from PRO Tracked Purchases. For Lowe’s Commercial Accounts utilizing the “Connect LCA” feature on Lowes.com, purchases made in store will only be visible to admins of the Organization. This information may be shared with Lowe’s service providers, subject to Lowe’s Privacy Statement. Lowe’s reserves the right to correct any errors. If you have any issues, please contact Lowe’s at 1-844-LOW4PRO.
Registered Tender. A credit or debit card may only be registered to one PRO Account for one Organization (“Registered Tender”) for purposes of the MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program. If a credit or debit card is saved to multiple Organizations, it will only be considered Registered Tender for the first Organization that registered the card.
Lowes.com and App PRO Account Purchases. Any purchases made while signed in to your Account on Lowes.com or Lowe’s App will be a PRO Tracked Purchase, unless the offer, program or subprogram states otherwise. Purchases made using Punchout or an e-procurement solution will not count as a PRO Tracked Purchase unless also using Registered Tender.
Member ID. MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program members may scan their Member ID in store to ensure that purchases will be a PRO Tracked Purchase.
Phone Number. MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program members may enter the phone number associated with their PRO Account in store at checkout to ensure that purchases will be a PRO Tracked Purchase. 
Receipt Upload. MLPR members may upload receipts from purchases made in store without phone number, Member ID or Registered Tender within 45 days of the date of purchase to their PRO Account to ensure that purchase will be a PRO Tracked Purchase, provided that a PRO Account may not upload more than three (3) receipts per day.
Purchase History. You must have a PRO Account and make PRO Tracked Purchases on the associated PRO Account on behalf of the Organization to have the ability to see online and in-store purchase history.
Purchases Through Digital Wallets. Purchases made through non-Lowe’s branded digital wallets (including purchases made with Registered Tender through a third-party digital wallet) will not count toward or be eligible for Program rewards or benefits, unless you are signed in to your PRO Account or use Member ID, Phone Number or Receipt Upload.
Third-Party Delivery Platforms. In addition, orders made on third-party delivery platforms (e.g., Instacart, etc.) will not count toward or be eligible for MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program rewards or benefits. Orders placed by or on behalf of third-party aggregators, groups, organizations and business entities will also not count toward or be eligible for MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program rewards or benefits.
PRO Quotes
The prices quoted are valid until the date and time shown on the quote, subject to the following exclusions, conditions, and exceptions.
Any changes you make to a quote, including, but not limited to, adding or removing one or more items or changing the quantity of any item or items, will result in the immediate cancellation of such quote and the generation of a new quote.
The availability of additional discounts will be subject to Lowe’s standard discount policy. Additional discounts will be calculated at checkout if applicable.
A quote is subject to item availability, which is not guaranteed. Additionally, Lowe’s reserves the right to limit the quantities of items sold to customers.
Lowe’s is a supplier of materials only. Lowe’s does not engage in the practice of engineering, architecture, or general contracting. Lowe’s does not assume selection or choice of materials for a general or specific use; for quantities or sizing of materials; for the use or installation of materials; or for compliance with any building code or standard of workmanship.
All quotes are based on Lowe’s standard commercial terms. Lowe’s does not agree to any terms and conditions (including, but not limited to, governmental regulations) unless agreed to in writing separately and signed by an authorized Lowe’s representative. If terms and conditions are presented, product selection and pricing may change pending legal review.
Return of any items purchased through a quote is only available in store. See lowes.com/returns for further details.
Taxes and delivery will be added at time of purchase as applicable.
Miscellaneous.

Lowe’s, in its sole and absolute discretion, may (i) determine whether there has been fraud or abuse of any kind associated with your PRO Account and, (ii) if Lowe’s makes such a determination, terminate your PRO Account and/or your participation in the MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program or any subprogram.
By creating a PRO Account, you accept all terms and conditions in these Additional Terms and release Lowe’s, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates, and hold Lowe’s, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates, harmless from any claim, liability or damage relating to the Program or any subprogram, thereof.
LOWE’S, ITS PARENT, SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES MAKE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATION OF WARRANTY AS TO ANY BENEFITS AND WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INJURY, DAMAGE, LOSS OR EXPENSE RESULTING FROM THE USE OR ACCEPTANCE OF ANY PART OF THE PRO ACCOUNT, MYLOWE’S PRO REWARDS PROGRAM OR ANY SUBPROGRAM.
These Additional PRO Account and MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Terms are subject to change. You agree that Lowe’s may change, terminate, modify, add, end or delete any of these Additional PRO Account and Loyalty Terms. We will indicate any such change or modification by posting the updated version on Lowe’s website and changing the “Effective Date” at the beginning of the Terms. Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting the revisions to https://www.lowes.com/l/about/terms-and-conditions-of-use which posting will constitute notice of any such changes or modifications. Your continued use or participation constitutes your agreement to any changes or modifications. However, any change to the Terms after your last usage of the Site will not be applied retroactively.

MYLOWE’S PRO REWARDS PROGRAM


MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program allows an eligible Organization to earn certain rewards and other member benefits (collectively “MLPR Rewards”), unless prohibited by applicable law. Eligible Organizations can earn MLPR Points (as defined below) on Qualifying Purchases and/or other actions or opportunities as may be presented by Lowe’s from time to time in Lowe’s sole discretion toward MLPR Rewards.

MLPR Program Eligibility. Resellers are expressly excluded from the MLPR Program. Organizations that receive rebates and/or discounts and/or special pricing, may not be eligible for certain benefits of MLPR Program, including but not limited to: MLPR Points, Member Deals, Member Volume Discounts and Instant Member Paint Discount, and the terms of any written contract or agreement with an Organization shall supersede any conflicting terms herein.

There is no fee associated with the MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program. MLPR Statuses, MLPR Rewards, MLPR Points, and MLPR MyLowe’s Money may not be gifted, purchased, sold, bartered, brokered or otherwise transferred, except that the Program may allow a Primary Admin on behalf of the Organization to allocate certain MLPR Rewards in certain limited instances as described below.

Organizations and Distribution of Benefits. All benefits and MLPR Rewards generated by all individual User(s) within an Organization will accrue and be distributed only to the Organization. For avoidance of doubt, benefits and MLPR Rewards tied to Qualifying Purchases shall only accrue and be distributed to the Organization to which the User(s) making the Qualifying Purchases belongs. The claiming or redemption and distribution of benefits and MLPR Rewards remains within the Organization’s discretion; however, all claiming, redemption and distribution must be facilitated through the Primary Admin on behalf of the Organization. MyLowe’s Pro Rewards, including MLPR Rewards, MLPR Points and MLPR MyLowe’s Money available via the MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program, have no cash value, are purely promotional and do not constitute property of any User or Organization (as applicable). No portion of any payment for Qualifying Purchases under the MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program or any MLPR Status, MLPR Rewards, or any other MyLowe’s Pro Rewards feature constitutes consideration paid for the MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program or any MyLowe’s Pro Rewards benefit. Lowe’s reserves the right in its sole discretion to limit the claiming or redemption of specific MLPR Rewards and to limit the number of MLPR Statuses and MLPR Rewards available.

MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program Period. MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program is voluntary and based on consecutive MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program Periods (as defined herein). The initial MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program Period is effective on the date a MLPR Member joins MyLowe’s Pro Rewards through December 31 of that calendar year. Each subsequent MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program Period will be effective January 1 to December 31 of each calendar year, unless otherwise stated herein (each separate calendar year is a “MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program Period” or “MLPR Program Period”). Lowe’s may, in its sole and exclusive discretion, designate different MLPR Program Periods or modify, shorten or extend any MLPR Program Period. Annual qualifying spend expires at 12:01 a.m. ET on January 1 each MLPR Program Period.
Allocation of MLPR Rewards. Certain MLPR Rewards may be eligible to be allocated by the Primary Admin to other Users within the same Organization, including MLPR MyLowe’s Money. Once a MLPR Reward has been allocated, the MLPR Reward may be nonrefundable and may not be forwarded, transferred or reassigned. The MLPR Reward must be used by the recipient within the time frame specified for that MLPR Reward, or it will expire.
Qualifying Purchases are PRO Tracked Purchases calculated based on the actual amount paid on any completed purchases of products made by the Organization during the MLPR Program Period after any allowable discounts are applied, if any, and excluding: rental fees; warranty; Lowe’s Protection Plans; shipping and handling; delivery; surcharges; service fees; sales and use taxes; and product fees. Qualifying Purchases do not include: (i) purchases of electrical cable and electrical wires; (ii) purchases of Lowe’s Gift Cards or Gift Certificates or other third-party Gift Cards or Gift Certificates; (iii) purchases made using an employee discount (iv) purchases or transactions made with MLPR Rewards or other promotional items (such as MLPR MyLowe’s Money and free items), whether made in store, online or through the Lowe’s app; (v) government purchases; (vi) purchases made for personal use, including any purchase using a Personal Account or Military Discount; or (vii) purchases made on tender previously registered by another Organization (collectively, “Qualifying Purchases”).
If an item from a Qualifying Purchase is returned, the return amount will be deducted from Qualifying Purchase spend. If the item is returned after a MLPR Reward has been claimed, your Account may reflect a negative MLPR Points balance.
MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program Status. The MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program has different membership levels (each a “MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Status” or “MLPR Status”), which is based on the Organization’s cumulative, accrued spend on Qualifying Purchases in the applicable MLPR Program Period. See Table 3.1 below for the spend thresholds for each MLPR Status and benefits associated with each level. Organizations can reach one or more of the following MLPR Program Statuses within a given MLPR Program Period: Gold Pro, Platinum Pro, Titanium Pro. Each Status provides Organizations with access to unique MLPR Program benefits and offers, as discussed in detail below. Lowe’s in its sole discretion, may provide certain Organizations with higher Status based on criteria other than cumulative, accrued spend on Qualifying Purchases. In such instances, these customers must still meet the accrued spend threshold in Table 3.1 to achieve the next Status. For example, an Organization receives Platinum Pro Status at a time Organization has $0 in accrued Qualifying Purchase spend; such Organization must reach $25,000 of Qualifying Purchase spend to achieve Titanium Pro Status.
During a MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Program Period, an Organization may move up into one or more MLPR Statuses based on the Organization’s accrued Qualifying Purchases. Once an Organization reaches a certain MLPR Status, the Organization will maintain that MLPR Status for the remainder of the MLPR Program Period and the subsequent MLPR Program Period provided Qualifying Purchases are not returned. If an Organization does not make enough Qualifying Purchases by the end of a given MLPR Program Period to maintain the MLPR Status reached the previous MLPR Program Period, then the Organization will begin the subsequent MLPR Program Period at the lower MLPR Status that corresponds to the Organization’s actual accrued spend from Qualifying Purchases made in the preceding Program Period. An Organization’s Qualifying Purchase accrued spend will reset to zero at the beginning of each new Program Period.
MLPR Points. Eligible Organizations will earn MLPR Points on Qualifying Purchases on up to a maximum of $1,500,000 in Qualifying Purchases in accordance with their MyLowe’s Pro Rewards.
MLPR Points Calculation. MLPR Points will be awarded on Qualifying Purchases in accordance with the earn rate associated with an Organization’s corresponding MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Status. For illustrative purposes only, if an Organization in Platinum Pro made a $95 Qualifying Purchase, the approximate number of MLPR Points awarded would be 118.75 MLPR Points.
Each MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Status and the MLPR Points accrual rate is progressive, meaning the applicable MLPR Points per $1 spent will only apply to the Qualifying Purchase amount the Organization spent within the applicable MLPR Status. Lowe’s will round partial cents to the nearest cent. Two different MLPR Points accrual percentages may apply to one Qualifying Purchase. By way of example only, if an Organization needed $50 in Qualifying Purchases to move up to a higher MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Status and spent $100 on a Qualifying Purchase, $50 of such Qualifying Purchase will earn MLPR Points at the lower MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Status and the remaining $50 will earn MLPR Points at the higher MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Status.
Returns of Qualifying Purchases. If an item(s) from a Qualifying Purchase is returned, the returned amount will be deducted from Qualifying Purchase accrued spend and MLPR Points. If a return is made after MLPR Points have been converted to MLPR MyLowe’s Money or redeemed for an Exclusive Reward, an Organization’s Account may reflect a negative MLPR Points balance.
MLPR Points Expiration.
Each MLPR Program Period, MLPR Points earned January 1 through June 30 will expire June 30, except that MLPR Points earned on Qualifying Purchases made in June may be claimed until July 15 of the same MLPR Program Period (or any other time frame as Lowe’s may determine in its sole discretion) by calling 1-844-LOW4PRO.
Each MLPR Program Period, MLPR Points earned July 1 through December 31 will expire December 31, except that MLPR Points earned on Qualifying Purchases made in December may be claimed until January 15 of the following MLPR Program Period (or any other time frame as Lowe’s may determine in its sole discretion) by calling 1-844-LOW4PRO.
A table showing My Lowe’s Pro Rewards levels, qualifying purchase spend and points per qualifying dollar.
View Detailed Chart Description
MLPR Points Redemption.
MLPR MyLowe’s Money. The Primary Admin can redeem their Organization’s MLPR Points for MLPR MyLowe’s Money in $1 increments when a MLPR Member has at least 100 MLPR Points available and those MLPR Points are deducted from the MLPR Member’s MLPR Points balance. MyLowe’s Money can be applied towards future eligible purchases that are made on or before the expiration date set forth on each MLPR MyLowe’s Money certificate. If not used within the redemption period, then the MLPR MyLowe’s Money expires. If no redemption period or expiration date is stated, then the expiration date will be 60 days from date of its issuance.
MLPR MyLowe’s Money is non-transferable and is not a credit, debit or gift card; it has no implied warranties. There is a limit of five (5) MLPR MyLowe’s Money per transaction. MLPR MyLowe’s Money will be applied to a MLPR Member’s purchase after all applicable discounts, coupons, taxes and fees have been applied. MLPR MyLowe’s Money cannot be exchanged for cash, is void if altered, defaced, copied, transferred, or sold (thru any on-line auction or otherwise). MLPR MyLowe’s Money may not be redeemed or used on (1) gift cards, including Lowe’s-branded gift cards; (2) payments to a Lowe’s credit card or any third-party charge account; (3) on any Lowe’s branded website operated by a 3rd party. Returns: for merchandise purchased with MLPR MyLowe’s Money return value will be applied first to payment method and any remaining value will be returned as MLPR MyLowe’s Money to customer’s Wallet.
MLPR MyLowe’s Money will be auto-applied when scanning the Member ID of a MLPR Member in-store or making any purchase on Lowes.com while signed in to their Account. MLPR Member may unselect MLPR MyLowe’s Money before scanning their Member ID or completing their online purchase on Lowes.com.
A MLPR Member may use a partial amount of their MLPR MyLowe’s Money, but the MLPR Member cannot dictate the amount of MLPR MyLowe’s Money that will be applied towards a purchase (i.e., a MLPR Member cannot decide to use a pre-determined amount of MLPR MyLowe’s Money on a purchase). If a MLPR Member purchases a $3.00 product and uses $3.00 out of the $5.00 available on the MLPR MyLowe’s Money certificate, the MLPR Member can later apply the remaining $2.00 towards a future purchase that is made within the applicable redemption period.
Returns of Purchases Made with MLPR MyLowe’s Money. MLPR Members who return an item that was purchased with MLPR MyLowe’s Money will receive the MLPR MyLowe’s Money back to their Account in Lowe’s discretion. If the MLPR MyLowe’s Money that was used to make the purchase has expired and Lowe’s issues replacement MLPR MyLowe’s Money, your MLPR MyLowe’s Money will be returned to the Wallet with an updated expiration date. For returns of orders partially paid with MLPR MyLowe’s Money, MLPR Members will first receive the returned payment to their payment method (cash, credit or debit card) and then any remaining amount will be returned to the MLPR Member’s Wallet as MLPR MyLowe’s Money in Lowe’s discretion.
Exclusive Rewards. Primary Admin can redeem their MLPR Points for items available in the Rewards Center (“Exclusive Rewards”). To redeem MLPR Points for Exclusive Rewards, you must access the Exclusive Rewards section on the dashboard to view Exclusive Rewards available for redemption, and then select to redeem an available Exclusive Reward. Each Exclusive Rewards will indicate the amount of MLPR Points necessary for redemption. You must have enough MLPR Points available in your Lowe’s Pro Business Account for the Exclusive Reward you wish to redeem. MLPR Points may only be redeemed for one Exclusive Reward per transaction. Exclusive Rewards cannot be redeemed through any third-party platforms. Exclusive Rewards are subject to availability. Determinations regarding redemption of MLPR Points are subject to Lowe’s sole and absolute discretion. Lowe’s reserves the right to limit the redemption of specific Exclusive Rewards and limit the number of Exclusive Rewards available for redemption.
MLPR Points will be subtracted from the Organization’s Lowe’s Pro Business Account immediately when an Exclusive Reward is redeemed. MLPR Points will be restored to a Pro Business Account only in the event Lowe’s determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that the Exclusive Rewards requested are unavailable.
Attempts to redeem MLPR Points multiple times or through multiple users constitutes fraud and may result in the termination or suspension of your Lowe’s Pro Business Account. If you attempt to use MLPR Points more than once to redeem Exclusive Rewards, your account may be terminated or suspended from the MLPR Program.
Upon redemption of a digital Exclusive Reward, Lowe’s will email the Exclusive Reward to the email address in the Organization’s Pro Business Account or an email address provided by the Organization, unless otherwise indicated at the time of redemption.
Upon redemption of a physical Exclusive Reward, Lowe’s will ship the Exclusive Reward to the address in the Organization’s Pro Business Account or an address provided by the Organization, unless otherwise indicated at the time of redemption. Shipping and handling charges may apply to redeemed Exclusive Rewards. Please review the details of the Exclusive Reward to confirm whether any shipping and handling charges may apply.
Cancellation of Exclusive Rewards Redemption; Damaged Exclusive Rewards. Exclusive Rewards cannot be returned and/or cancelled. Any attempt to cancel or return an Exclusive Reward will not result in MLPR Points being added back to the Organization’s Pro Business Account. Exclusive Rewards are limited in nature and Lowe’s cannot guarantee that we will be able to re-ship any Exclusive Rewards that you redeemed with your MLPR Points if the Exclusive Reward arrives damaged. Lowe’s reserves the right to substitute an Exclusive Reward of equal or greater value if Exclusive Reward becomes unavailable.
Lowe’s Pro Credit Card Holder Benefit. Lowe’s Business Advantage, Lowe’s Commercial Account, Lowe’s Business Rewards and Lowe’s Pro Supply (collectively, “LPCC”) holders will be upgraded to Platinum Pro Status, and have access to Platinum Pro benefits, when their LPCC is saved to their MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Wallet. LPCC holders may need to save their credit card to their Wallet themselves by following the instructions on the Site. If Organization terminates their LPCC credit line, the Organization’s MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Status will be placed in the MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Status that matches their current Qualifying Purchases spend accrual. For example, if Organization terminates their LPCC credit line, and MLPR Member’s Qualifying Purchase spend threshold matches Gold Pro, then, the Organization will be moved from the Platinum Pro Status to the Gold Pro Status.
Free Standard Shipping. MLPR Members receive free standard shipping on eligible Qualifying Purchases, excluding marketplace purchases. Free Standard Shipping is not available in Alaska ,Hawaii, or any U.S. territory or possession (including Puerto Rico, Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, and the Northern Mariana Islands).
Member Volume Discounts. Member Volume Discounts (“Member Volume Discounts” or “MVD”) provides Organizations that are eligible with better-than-shelf pricing on select items through an eligible PRO Quote. Minimum purchase of $2,000 required excluding all applicable taxes and fees. MVD pricing may not be combined with any other discount or contract pricing and does not apply to prior purchases. To receive MVD pricing online, you must be logged in to your Account on Lowes.com, save a PRO Quote, and proceed to checkout. Organizations will see the total MVD on the quote details and checkout screens online. No retroactive discounts will be given on purchases where you were not logged in to your Organization’s Account either to request a quote or prior to purchase. Lowe’s reserves the right in their sole discretion to remove Account visibility and access to Member Volume Discounts online. To receive MVD pricing in-store, create a quote at the Pro Desk and enter the Pro Phone Number to access the correct account.
Member Paint Discount. An eligible Organization will qualify for a 20% discount on future Paint Qualifying Purchases (as defined below) after its paint annual qualifying spend reaches $3,000 (“Member Paint Discount”). By way of example only, if an Organization needed to accrue $100 in order to reach $3,000 Paint annual qualifying spend and a User spends $200 on a Paint Qualifying Purchase, the Member Paint Discount will be applied beginning with the next Paint Qualifying Purchase. User must provide the Phone Number or Member ID associated with their PRO Account for in-store purchases or log in to their PRO account before completing a Lowes.com or Lowe’s App purchase to be eligible for Member Paint Discount.
Paint Qualifying Purchases are PRO Tracked Purchases of paint (excluding spray paint), stain, and primer (collectively “Paint”) and are calculated based on the actual amount paid on any completed purchases of Paint made by the Organization during the Program Period after any allowable discounts are applied, if any, excluding shipping and handling; delivery; surcharges; service fees; sales and use taxes; product fees; mistints; purchases made using an employee discount; purchases or transactions made with Rewards or other promotional items (such as free items), whether made in store, online or through the Lowe’s App; Paint purchases made for personal use, including any purchase using a Personal Account or Military Discount; and/or Paint purchases made with tender previously registered by another Organization (collectively, “Paint Qualifying Purchases”).
If an item from a Paint Qualifying Purchase is returned, the return amount will be deducted from paint annual qualifying spend. Paint Qualifying Purchase accrued spend will reset to zero at the beginning of each new Program Period.
Organization will remain eligible for the Instant Member Paint Discount for the remainder of the MLPR Program Period and the subsequent MLPR Program Period provided Paint Qualifying Purchases are not returned.
If an Organization does not reach $3,000 in annual Paint Qualifying Purchases in a given MLPR Program, the Organization will not be eligible for the Instant Member Paint Discount in the subsequent MLPR Program Period until after reaching $3,000 in annual Paint Qualifying Purchases.
Member Benefits. Lowe’s, in its sole and absolute discretion, may periodically offer the opportunity for additional rewards or benefits on particular transactions or special offers (“Member Benefits”). Member Benefits may be distributed via the Lowe’s App, online, or via email or mail from time to time (based on the information you have in your Pro Business Account ). Member Benefits may include periodic promotional offers on qualifying products and services, personalized offers and discounts, coupons, invitations to special events, or related benefits. You must have your Account set to receive notifications and/or have opted in to receive email communications in order to receive promotional and marketing offers via email. Member Benefits may be customized based on your Qualifying Purchases, MLPR Status, and preferences. Please note that Lowe’s may be unable to send these Member Benefits to you if you have elected not to receive email or other communications from Lowe’s. Member Benefits may have certain restrictions, including expiration dates and short, time-limited claiming or redemption periods. Member Benefits are personal to you and cannot be shared, copied or transferred, except as the MLPR Program may allow in certain limited instances. User must provide the Phone Number or Member ID associated with their PRO Account for in-store purchases or log in to their PRO account before completing a Lowes.com or Lowe’s App purchase to be eligible for Member Benefits. Read each offer carefully for specific details, limitations and restrictions.
Expiration of MLPR Rewards. Unclaimed MLPR Points or MLPR Rewards expire upon the cancellation or termination of your Organization’s Pro Business Account as described herein. MLPR Rewards expire in connection with the terms provided with that Reward.
Lowe’s reserves the right to cancel a User’s or Organization’s Account if the Account remains inactive for a period of two (2) years or more. Accordingly, if a User does not make a Qualifying Purchase within two (2) years after the User’s initial registration or the last recorded Qualifying Purchase, Lowe’s reserves the right to cancel the User’s Account. If there is only one User associated with the Organization’s Account, Lowe’s reserves the right to also cancel the Organization’s Account. You understand and agree that cancellation by Lowe’s of a Organization’s Pro Business Account will result in the cancellation of all MLPR Rewards, Member Benefits and any progress toward a MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Status associated with that Account, and the inability to earn, claim and/or redeem further MLPR Rewards and Member Benefits, regardless of MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Status.
Cancellation; Termination. A Organization may opt out of the MLPR Program at any time, for any reason, by canceling the applicable Pro Business Account(s) by calling 1-844-LOW4PRO. If a Organization cancels its Pro Business Account, any MLPR Rewards and/or progress toward a MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Status will automatically be canceled and will no longer be available to be claimed. If the Organization re-enrolls at any time, it will start at the introductory MyLowe’s Pro Rewards Status as applicable. Lowe’s reserves the right to suspend or terminate, at Lowe’s sole and absolute discretion, any Pro Business Account or rescind any accrued spend or MLPR Rewards, if Lowe’s believes that the Account holder has abused MLPR Program privileges, has violated or acted inconsistently with these PRO Terms or applicable law, or otherwise acted in a manner harmful to Lowe’s interests. Attempts to claim single-use offers and verification codes for MLPR Rewards multiple times or through multiple users constitute fraud and may result in the termination or suspension of your Pro Business Account. Lowe’s further reserves the right to refuse delivery of any orders, including those placed through a Pro Business Account , if Lowe’s believes that a User has violated or acted inconsistently with these PRO Terms or applicable law or acted in a manner harmful to Lowe’s interests, or may be likely to do so based upon prior communications, conduct, interactions or similar factors.
Upon cancellation or termination for any reason, the canceled Pro Business Account shall immediately cease, and it may no longer receive MLPR Rewards. Lowe’s has no obligation to and shall not compensate the User or the Organization (as applicable) for any unclaimed MLPR Rewards or other benefits of the MLPR Program following cancellation. Because Lowe’s plans our communications in advance, it may take several weeks for your request to become effective. If you continue to receive our communications after expressing an opt-out preference, please let us know so that we can investigate the situation.
Taxes. You are solely liable and responsible for any applicable federal, state or local taxes arising out of your participation in the MLPR Program. Please consult your tax adviser concerning any tax consequences that may arise from your participation.
Customer Service. For Program assistance, please contact 1-844-LOW4PRO.
Online Design Tools
Lowe’s may provide on this Site, or provide links from this Site, to certain microsites, webpages, applications or other digital tools that may be used to develop or design home improvement projects, including, without limitation, kitchen design tools, deck planner tools and cabinet design tools (each a “Design Tool”). Design Tools are for personal, noncommercial use only. Depending on the Design Tool, it may be operated by Lowe’s or its affiliates, or on behalf of Lowe’s or its affiliates by a third party. Design Tools operated by third parties may be subject to additional terms and conditions provided by that third party.

When you use a Design Tool, you acknowledge and agree that the Design Tool is for illustrative purposes only, and should not be deemed to constitute, or be used as, final plans, specifications, details or designs for your project. Before starting a project or purchasing any materials, you should independently verify the accuracy, suitability, completeness, safety and legal compliance of any plan developed using a Design Tool, and, where appropriate, consult with a Lowe’s associate or other qualified professional for additional perspective. Use of a Design Tool should only serve as a basis for seeking further professional advice.

WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OTHER PROVISION IN THESE TERMS, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW LOWE’S HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS PERTAINING TO THE USE, ACCURACY, SUITABILITY, COMPLETENESS, SAFETY AND LEGAL COMPLIANCE OF ALL, OR ANY PORTION, OF ANY DESIGN, PLAN, SPECIFICATIONS, DETAILS OR DESIGNS DEVELOPED THROUGH, IN PART OR IN WHOLE, THE USE OF A DESIGN TOOL, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, COLOR, MEASUREMENTS, DIMENSIONS, MATERIALS, WEIGHT, ENERGY SOURCE, ENERGY CONSUMPTION OR OTHERWISE. YOU AGREE THAT LOWE’S AND ITS AFFILIATES WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES, LOSSES OR LIABILITIES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM, OR RELATED TO, YOUR USE OF A DESIGN TOOL OR ANY PROJECT IMPLEMENTED BASED ON THE USE OF A DESIGN TOOL.

Additional MyLowe’s Rewards HomeCare+ Pilot Program Terms
MyLowe’s Rewards HomeCare+ Pilot Program (“MyLowe’s Rewards HomeCare+ Pilot” or “HomeCare+ Pilot”) is a subscription program that offers certain benefits described in these MyLowe’s HomeCare+ Pilot Program Terms (“HomeCare+ Pilot Terms”). By subscribing to HomeCare+ Pilot and authorizing Lowe’s to process your payment for the HomeCare+ Pilot Subscription fee and HomeCare+ Pilot Subscription fee renewals, you understand and agree to be bound to the Lowe’s Terms and Conditions of Use, including these HomeCare+ Pilot Program Terms, and Lowe’s Privacy Statement.

You agree that Lowe’s may change, terminate, suspend, modify, add, end or delete any of these HomeCare+ Pilot Terms. We will indicate any such change or modification by posting the updated version on Lowe’s website and changing the “Effective Date” at the beginning of the Terms. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the revisions to https://www.lowes.com/l/about/terms-and-conditions-of-use which posting will constitute notice of any such changes or modifications. Your continued use or participation constitutes your agreement to any changes or modifications. However, any change to the Terms after your last usage of the Site will not be applied retroactively. 

HomeCare+ Pilot Subscription Program
MyLowe’s Rewards HomeCare+ Pilot is a subscription program with a yearly subscription fee that will auto-renew every year until canceled. Subscription benefits are granted solely to the subscriber and will remain in effect for one (1) year from the date of enrollment or renewal (each year a “HomeCare+ Pilot Subscription Term”) subject to these terms. Subscriber benefits of MyLowe’s Rewards HomeCare+ Pilot include two (2) Home Visits per year with up to seven (7) services (collectively, “HomeCare+ Pilot Services”) and other benefits described herein. Services restrictions and eligibility apply. 

Eligibility
MyLowe's Rewards HomeCare+ Pilot is available to MyLowe’s Rewards Members, at least 18 years of age, with a residential property located within a 20-mile radius of a Participating Pilot Lowe’s Store (as defined below) excluding homes located on military bases, and commercial properties (“Subscriber”). Business and commercial use is prohibited. There can only be one (1) HomeCare+ Pilot Subscription per MyLowe’s Rewards Account. 

How to Cancel the HomeCare+ Pilot Subscription
Subscriber may cancel their subscription at a Participating Pilot Lowe’s Store or by following the steps provided: 

Navigate to the MyLowe’s Rewards Account page. 
Select MyLowe’s Rewards from the menu on the left. 
Choose HomeCare+ from the list of options. 
On the HomeCare+ Subscription page, select Cancel HomeCare+. 
In the pop-up window, select Cancel to confirm. 
If canceled, the HomeCare+ Pilot Subscription will not renew, and the HomeCare+ Pilot Subscription will expire at the end of the HomeCare+ Pilot Subscription Term. If the Subscriber cancels within 30 days of purchasing HomeCare+ Pilot Subscription and no Home Visit has been completed, the Subscriber will receive a refund to their original form of payment.

Subscription & Automatic Renewal
A valid credit card is required to purchase the HomeCare+ Pilot Subscription. No other payment type is accepted. The full subscription fee will be charged immediately at the time of purchase. The card on file will automatically be charged each year for renewal, unless you cancel before your renewal date or update your payment method in your account. You hereby consent to Lowe’s (i) keeping your payment card information and your billing address on file, and (ii) submitting an authorization request and charging your payment card for each yearly automatic renewal under your subscription. You represent and warrant to Lowe’s that the payment card information and address you provide will be complete and accurate and that you are authorized to use that payment card for the purposes of the Lowe’s HomeCare+ Pilot Subscription program. The HomeCare+ Pilot Subscription cannot be gifted or transferred to someone else. 
The cost of HomeCare+ Pilot Subscription is disclosed at the time you subscribe to HomeCare+ Pilot, and the fee is nonrefundable. If there are changes related to the cost of the HomeCare+ Pilot Subscription, we will notify you through the email address associated with your Account.
The MyLowe’s Rewards HomeCare+ Pilot paid subscription begins on the date it is purchased and will continue indefinitely on an annual basis until it is canceled. The card on file will be automatically charged each year for renewal, unless you cancel before your renewal date or update your payment method in your account. If the credit card on file cannot be charged, your subscription will be canceled and your access to HomeCare+ Pilot benefits will end. 

How to Update the Payment Method
Subscriber may change their payment method by following the steps provided:

Navigate to the MyLowe’s Rewards Account page. 
Select MyLowe’s Rewards from the menu on the left. 
Choose HomeCare+ from the list of options. 
On the HomeCare+ Subscription page, select Payment. 
HomeCare+ Pilot Benefits 

HomeCare+ Pilot Home Visits 
Subscriber is eligible to receive up to two (2) Home Visits during each 12-month subscription term with up to seven (7) Services per Home Visit as further detailed below. All services are restricted to a maximum height of 12 feet.
Replacement products not included. Subscriber is responsible for having all the replacement items necessary present at the time of Home Visit. Service restrictions apply. If weather conditions that create safety risks or limit access, such as ice, snow, flooding, or extreme temperatures, or other unsafe conditions are found in Lowe’s discretion, the associate may suspend service. 

By scheduling Home Visits, Subscriber represents and warrants that the Subscriber has the authority to grant access to the premises and authorize the performance of HomeCare+ Pilot Services.

i.Electric Dryer Vent Cleaning

This service includes visual inspection, routine cleaning, and some disassembly and reassembly of the exterior and accessible portions of your electric dryer vent system using minimally invasive methods on up to two (2) standard residential (non-commercial) electric dryers (at one residence per visit).
This service does not include repairs, removal of animals or obstructions beyond normal lint buildup, or inspection/cleaning of vents that are not readily accessible.
ii.HVAC Air Filter Replacement

This service includes removal and replacement of standard HVAC air filter(s), as supplied by the Subscriber and light cleaning of accessible air return grilles. Only visibly accessible vents and filters at standard ceiling or wall height (within 12 feet) will be serviced.
This service does not include the necessary HVAC air filter(s) for replacement, diagnosing or repairing water line leaks, low water pressure, or component malfunctions.
The associate will not open or service the HVAC system, clean ductwork, or perform any electrical or mechanical maintenance beyond basic filter replacement and surface wiping. 
iii.Refrigerator Water Filter Replacement

This service includes the replacement of the refrigerator water filter, as supplied by the Subscriber, for refrigerators with an internal filter that is easily accessible.
This service does not include the necessary water filter for replacement, diagnosing or repairing water line leaks, low water pressure, malfunctioning components, or installation of inline or external water filters that are not integrated into the refrigerator, or moving the appliance. 
iv.Electric Water Heater Flush

This service includes an electric water heater flushing service on one (1) water heater less than 10 years old per visit.
This service does not include the water heater, disassembly of the water heater, replacement of parts, internal inspection, repair or diagnosis of heater performance, thermostat, elements, valves, plumbing, or the flushing of tankless, gas, or pressurized/booster systems. The flushing of water heaters that are 10 years or older in age or showing signs of inter leaks or exterior rust will not be serviced. 
v.Garage Door Lubrication

This service includes routine lubrication of accessible mechanical components of a residential garage door system, such as hinges, rollers, springs, and pulleys for up to five (5) residential garage doors at one residence per visit. This is a maintenance-only service intended to reduce noise and wear.
This service does not include repairs, part replacements, spring tension adjustments, or electrical component service (e.g., sensors, opener motor), or corrective actions outside the approved scope. 
vi.Smoke & Carbon Monoxide Detector Battery Replacement

This service includes the replacement of batteries, as supplied by the Subscriber, in smoke and carbon monoxide detectors for up to fifteen (15) detectors. The service applies to batteries in detectors that are easily accessible (typically mounted on walls or ceilings up to 12 feet high). The built-in test button will be used to test the detector’s audible alarm function.
This service does not include the batteries, smoke and carbon monoxide detector, repair of malfunctioning detectors or evaluation of hand-wired or interconnected alarm systems, or entry into unsafe areas to access devices.
vii.Light Bulb Replacement

This service includes the replacement of up to thirty (30) standard household light bulbs, as supplied by the Subscriber, in fixtures up to 12-ft high that are safe and readily accessible.
This service does not include the light bulbs. The associate will not service fixtures that require electrical work, disassembly beyond bulb access, or those that present safety concerns (e.g. broken sockets, exposed wiring, moisture exposure). The associate will not set up or program smart bulbs with apps or Wi-Fi networks.
MyLowe’s Rewards Gold Status Upgrade
Subscriber will be upgraded to Gold Status on their MyLowe’s Rewards Account and will have access to all Gold Status benefits. If Subscriber cancels their HomeCare+ Pilot Subscription, Account will be placed in the MyLowe’s Rewards status that matches their current Eligible Purchases spend accrual at the end of the HomeCare+ Pilot Subscription Term.

a. 5% Discount on Service-Related Items
Subscriber receives five percent (5%) discount on service-related items. Offer applies to Eligible Purchases of full-priced in-stock smoke detector and carbon dioxide detector batteries, HVAC air filters, refrigerator water filters, and light bulbs after all other applicable discounts; excludes marketplace items. Offer not valid on previous sales or with any other discount (including but not limited to, Lowe’s everyday 5% credit discount, Military Discount & Lowest Price Guarantee price match). Subject to change.

Home Visit Appointment

Prior to scheduling any Home Visit appointment, Subscriber must complete all required pre-visit Home Survey questions. 

Schedule Home Visit Appointment
Subscriber may schedule their Home Visit appointment at a Participating Pilot Lowe’s Store or by following the steps provided:
Navigate to the MyLowe’s Rewards Account page.
Select MyLowe’s Rewards from the menu on the left.
Choose HomeCare+ from the list of options.
On the HomeCare+ Subscription page, select Schedule Appointment. 
Home Visit Confirmation

Subscriber must confirm their Home Visit by 4 PM the day before, or the Home Visit will be canceled. Subscriber may confirm their Home Visit appointment at a Participating Pilot Lowe’s Store or by following the steps provided:

Go to your MyLowe’s Rewards Account page.
Select MyLowe’s Rewards from the menu on the left.
Choose HomeCare+ from the list of options.
On the HomeCare+ Subscription page, select View Details.
On the Appointment Details page, select Confirm.
Edit or Cancel Home Visit Appointment

Appointments can be modified or canceled until 4 PM the day before the scheduled Home Visit. Subscriber may edit or cancel their Home Visit appointment at a Participating Pilot Lowe’s Store or by following the steps provided.

Navigate to the MyLowe’s Rewards Account page.
Select MyLowe’s Rewards from the menu on the left.
Choose HomeCare+ from the list of options.
On the HomeCare+ Subscription page under Your Appointments, select View Details.
On the Appointment Details page, click the edit icon next to the section to edit.
Home Visit Requirements
Subscriber is responsible for ensuring the home is prepared for Home Visit as follows:

Have all replacement items needed to complete your selected HomeCare+ Pilot Services before Home Visit. If any items required for your selected HomeCare+ Pilot Services are not at the residence before the Home Visit, those HomeCare+ Pilot Services will not be performed.
Air filter(s) for HVAC Air Filter Replacement
Water filter(s) for Refrigerator Water Filter Replacement
Batteries for Smoke and Carbon Monoxide Detector Battery Replacement
Light bulbs for Light Bulb Replacement
Safe and unobstructed access must be provided to all service areas within the residence.
Pets must be safely kept away from service areas for the duration of the Home Visit.
An individual 18 years of age or older must be present at the residence for the duration of the Home Visit.

If there is no response at the door when the Lowe’s associate arrives for the Home Visit, the Home Visit will be canceled and forfeited. Additionally, if no one 18 years of age or older is at the residence during the Home Visit, the Home Visit will be canceled and forfeited.

Miscellaneous

Subscriber releases Lowe’s, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates, and holds Lowe’s, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates, harmless from any claim, liability or damage relating to the MyLowe’s Rewards HomeCare+ Pilot Subscription. LOWE’S, ITS PARENT, SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES MAKE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATION OF WARRANTY AS TO ANY BENEFITS AND WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INJURY, DAMAGE, LOSS OR EXPENSE RESULTING FROM THE USE OR ACCEPTANCE OF ANY PART OF THE HOMECARE+ PILOT PROGRAM.