Terms & Conditions | Made-in-China.com
Sign In
Join Free
My Account
New Message(s)
0
Unquoted Sourcing Request(s)
0
New Quote(s) of Sourcing Request
0
Manage Products
Edit My Showroom
Sign Out
For Buyer
Search Products & Suppliers
Product Directory
Supplier Discovery
Post Sourcing Request
Sourcing Solutions
Source from Industry Hubs
Customize Your Products
MEI Awards-Winning Products
Smart Expo
Service
New User Guide
Product Alert
Supplier Audit Report
Meet Suppliers
Secured Trading Service
Contact Us
Quick Links
My Favorites
Recent Visit History
Inquiry Basket
Get Apps
Download App!
Explore App Exclusive Discounts
English
Español
Português
Français
Русский язык
Italiano
Deutsch
Nederlands
العربية
한국어
日本語
हिन्दी
ภาษาไทย
Türkçe
Tiếng Việt
Bahasa Indonesia
Home
User Agreement
Related Links
Help List
Privacy Policy
User Agreement
Declaration
Promotion
Site Map
Friendly Links
Link to Us
User Agreement (Buyers Version)
Update time: October 14, 2025
Effective time: October 21, 2025
Should you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this Agreement, you can contact us through the
            following ways, and in general, we will reply within 7 working days.
Email:
[email protected]
,
[email protected]
Contact Address: No. 7 Lijing Road, Jiangbei New Area, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province
Postal Code: 210031
Contact Person: Focus Technology Co., Ltd. (Made-in-China.com)
Tel: 86-25-6667 7777
Made-in-China.com (including PC site: www.made-in-china.com, touchscreen site: m.made-in-china.com, App client
            (Google Play: Made-in-China B2B Trade Online, Apple App Store: Made-in-China B2B Trade App), etc., hereinafter
            referred to as "MIC", is a company owned by Focus Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Focus Tech."
            or "We" and "Us", contact address: No. 7 Lijing Road, Jiangbei New Area, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province)
            independently developed and operated a comprehensive platform to provide one-stop services for foreign trade
            services. This Agreement contains the terms and conditions between the buyer (hereinafter referred to as "You")
            and Focus Tech. in relation to the use of the relevant services on the Made-in-China.com website.
Special Reminder:
1. The terms of this Agreement that have a material relationship to your rights and interests have
            been prominently identified by italicizing/bolding/bold underlining. It is essential for You to read the terms
            and conditions of this Agreement. Once You click the agree button, it means You have read, understood and agreed
            to this Agreement.
2. Due to the rapid development of the network, the terms set out in this Agreement can not fully
            enumerate and cover all the rights and obligations between You and Focus Tech., and the existing Agreement can
            not guarantee full compliance with the needs of future development. For this reason, other agreements, privacy
            policies, intellectual property provisions and other provisions (hereinafter referred to as "Relevant
            Provisions") that have been published or can be published in the future in the form of announcements and notices
            from MIC are an integral part of this Agreement and shall have the equal legal effect as the main text of this
            Agreement.
3. The individual terms of this Agreement is subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance
            with business necessities. Once the content of the terms and conditions is changed, an updated version will be
            issued on MIC or an announcement or notice will be made to remind You of the updated content. Please check the
            latest user agreement in a timely manner. In the foregoing case, if You continue to access, use and accept MIC
            and related services, You are deemed to have fully read, understood and accepted the content of the adjusted
            agreement; You shall cease to access or use MIC and related services provided that You do not accept the
            content of the adjusted agreement.
4. The manner in which You agree to this Agreement and related rules includes, but is not limited to:
            A. When You follow the instructions on the registration page, fill in the information, read and agree to this
            Agreement and complete the account registration process; B. When You receive an email notification of successful
            account registration and activate your account according to the email prompts; C. Verbal or written indication
            made by email, telephone, fax, instant messaging software or contract; D. When You click to agree or otherwise
            agree in a manner equivalent to Agreement, You accept the"default agreement"clause in the relevant rules; E.
            After this Agreement and the relevant rules are updated, You click to agree or continue to access and use MIC
            and related services; F. You access or use MIC and related services in any other manner. G. In any other manner
            acceptable as between You and Us.
5. This Agreement will be translated into different language versions through translation software,
            including but not limited to English, Japanese, French, Spanish, etc.. Should there be any conflict between
            the different language versions, the
Chinese version
shall prevail.
I. Registration
1. You can only access or use certain MIC pages or services by becoming a registered MIC user.
Once
            You access or use MIC and the related services, it is assumed that You are qualified to enter into legally
            binding contracts in your place of residence or/and in the place where You use the services. If You do not agree
            (or cannot comply), please do not access or use MIC and related services.
2. In registration, real, legal and valid registration information shall be provided by You. In the
            event of changes in registration information, You need to update it in a timely manner.
3. You will be provided with a user account and password upon the completion of registration,
and You
            shall properly manage the password. The damages caused by improper management shall be borne by You.
4. Your user name, profile photo, profile and other information shall comply with the requirements of
            relevant laws and regulations of China, your country or/and region and the relevant provisions of MIC, and shall
            not infringe the legitimate rights and interests of any other third party.
II. Access and use
1. You shall be responsible for all actions taken on your registered account. You shall not share,
            transfer or allow anyone other than yourself to use your account. If You find any unauthorized use of your
            account or password, or any other security risks with your MIC account, please immediately inform MIC.
2. Based on the relevant features of the Internet, We would like to have your understanding and agreement that
the information You posted on MIC can be browsed by the users of the suppliers located in China, and
                based on this, You can conduct trade transactions. In this case, You must pay careful attention to the laws
                and regulations of China and your country or/and region related to import and export control, trade
                restrictions and economic sanctions, and ensure that You possess the legitimate rights and qualifications
                for cross-border import and export of the relevant goods, and will not constitute an infringement of the
                legitimate rights and interests of third parties (such as intellectual property rights, etc.). If You
                violate the aforementioned undertakings, MIC shall terminate your account and related services when the
                aforementioned situation has been discovered.
3. When You access or use MIC and related services, You shall not engage in the following acts:
(1) Using MIC for illegal activities such as fraud, defamation,
                pyramid schemes and sales of infringing goods;
(2) Using MIC to spam repeated messages, or sending a large number
                of messages not related to MIC services to other users (including supplier users and buyer users) without
                permission or authorization, or sending malicious and provocative files and commercial advertisements,
                including spam emails and spam messages to other users (including supplier users and buyer users);
(3) Using MIC to publish, transmit, distribute or store information
                or pictures that violate the relevant laws and regulations of China and the country where the user
                (including supplier users and buyer users) is located, including but not limited to derogatory words or
                pictures about religion, race or gender, or information and pictures that contain obscenity, pornography,
                insult, defamation, harassment, abuse or threats to other users (including supplier users and buyer users),
                or information and pictures that violate the copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, privacy, reputation
                or other rights of any third party;
(4) Impersonating another person or creating a false identity to
                mislead or deceive others;
(5) Collecting information about other users (including supplier
                users and buyer users), including but not limited to their email addresses and user IDs, without the prior
                consent of MIC and other users (including supplier users and buyer users);
(6) Using MIC to transmit or disseminate computer viruses,
                disguised sabotage programs, computer worms, time bombs or other similar software or programs that contains
                the potential to destroy, interfere with, intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information;
(7) Copying, translating, illegally disassembling, dismantling,
                decompiling, reverse engineering, or reverse compiling MIC;
(8) Violating
Agreement Concerning the Protection of Cross-border Transfer of Suppliers’ Personal Information
;
(9) Other acts that violate the provisions of this Agreement, laws
                and regulations or the rights and interests of MIC, Focus Tech. or other third parties.
4. When You have any violation of law or violation of this Agreement, MIC has the right to unilaterally
            suspend or terminate your access, use of MIC and related services without prior notice, and is not responsible
            for any impact or loss caused by this, Meanwhile, regardless of the reason You are suspended or terminated
            access, use of MIC and related services, MIC still reserves the right to pursue its legal rights.
5、When using the services we provide, you may access or use products or services related to artificial intelligence (“AI”). With respect to such products or services, you confirm that you have carefully read, fully understood, and agreed to the following terms:
(1)As a user of the AI Services, you shall not violate the laws and regulations of both the People’s Republic of China and the country/region where you are located. You shall not input into, generate through, or disseminate via the Services any content that is prohibited, unlawful, harmful, or otherwise restricted by applicable laws, regulations, or public morals.
(2)All outputs provided by the AI Services are generated by AI models and may contain errors or omissions. Such outputs are provided for reference only and shall not be regarded as professional advice. In particular, when you use the Services in relation to medical, legal, financial, or other professional matters, you acknowledge and agree that the Services do not constitute advice, recommendations, warranties, or commitments, nor do they represent opinions in any professional field. If you require professional services, you should seek advice from qualified professionals and make decisions under their guidance. The outputs of the Services shall not be relied upon as the basis for any further action or omission. You shall bear sole responsibility for all consequences arising from any judgments or subsequent actions taken in reliance on the outputs, including risks associated with reliance on their authenticity, accuracy, reliability, non-infringement, or fitness for a particular purpose. You shall understand generative AI technology in a scientific and rational manner and use such technology in accordance with the law.
(3)For any AI-generated or AI-synthesized content (collectively, “AI Content”) provided to you, we will add prominent identifiers in accordance with applicable laws and regulations (e.g., a notice on the interactive interface indicating that the content is generated by AI). If we provide functions such as downloading, exporting, or copying AI Content, we will also add implicit identifiers in an appropriate form as required by laws and regulations.Unless otherwise specifically agreed, when using AI Content provided by us, you shall retain all identifiers in accordance with the law and shall not maliciously delete, alter, forge, or conceal such identifiers. Where, at your request or based on your settings, we provide AI Content without prominent identifiers, you shall ensure that, when copying, downloading, publishing, or otherwise using such content, you add prominent identifiers in compliance with the law (including but not limited to adding watermarks to generated images or attaching statements indicating that the content is non-authentic information). and bear independent responsibility for your use of any AI Content.
III. Limitation of liability
1. You understand that there is a large amount of information (including but not limited to text,
            pictures, videos, external links, etc.) published by
other users (including supplier users and buyer users)
on
            MIC, and this information can have certain risks and defects.
We have established a system for
            releasing information in accordance with laws and regulations and relevant rules to protect your legitimate
            rights and interests and have a good experience on MIC as much as possible.
Nevertheless, please
                understand and accept that, due to the separation of information and physical objects in the network
                environment, MIC as a network platform cannot review and guarantee the authenticity, accuracy, safety,
                and legality of such information on an individual basis, so You are supposed to evaluate the information
                on MIC carefully and bear the risks arising from using MIC independently, and We shall not be responsible
                for any losses caused due to such information.
Should You find any false, inaccurate, unsafe, and illegal information on MIC, it is welcome for You
            to contact us at any time through
Contact
                Made-in-China.com (please click)
at the bottom of the home page of the PC.
2. To provide better recommendation services to You, You agree that We can reasonably send
            You commercial advertisements, MIC's latest information about suppliers and products, and other service notices
            that are necessary to inform You, or show You personalized third party promotional information through the
            system, including but not limited to system notifications, SMS, and email. In case You do not wish to receive
            such information, You can unsubscribe through the corresponding unsubscribe function.
3.  You understand and agree that You shall ensure that the information (including text,
            pictures, videos, and links) posted on MIC complies with the laws and regulations of China and your country
            or/and region. In case the aforementioned information posted by You is illegal in China and your country or/and
            region, all penalties and liabilities will be borne by You and MIC will not be responsible for any related
            penalties and liabilities.
4. MIC is not responsible for the damages caused by your access and use of MIC and related services,
            and does not guarantee the result of the services. MIC is not liable for direct, indirect, occasional, special,
            punitive damages or all other damages caused by your access and use of MIC and related services, notwithstanding
            the possibility of being informed of the existence of damages in advance. Should You be dissatisfied with some
            or all of the services provided by MIC, You shall cease to use such services.
5. Given the different laws, regulations, and policies of different countries, MIC will adopt
            technical means to circumvent the information that violates the laws, regulations, and policies of the visiting
            countries, resulting in the display or provision of information or services can be slightly different when the
            buyer users of different countries visit or use MIC, which does not constitute a breach of contract by MIC, and
            MIC shall not assume any responsibilities.
6. All losses, claims and penalties caused by any violation of laws and regulations, MIC rules, or
            infringement of the rights and interests of third parties in the process of your access and use of MIC and
            related services will be borne by You, and MIC shall not bear any responsibilities. Any loss caused to MIC due
            to the aforementioned circumstances, You shall also undertake to make full compensation, including but not
            limited to direct and indirect losses of MIC and reasonable expenses such as attorney's fees, transportation
            fees, notary fees, translation fees, etc. for claiming the losses.
IV. Disputes and complaints settlement
1. Where disputes (including but not limited to commodity quality disputes, trade disputes, intellectual
            property disputes, etc.) occur between You and third parties (including supplier users, buyer users or other
            third parties) on MIC, You or any of the third parties shall have the right to choose the following ways to
            settle the disputes:
(1) Consulting with the disputing party on its own;
(2) Complaining to MIC;
(3) Complaining to the relevant government department;
(4) Requesting arbitration to an arbitration institution in accordance with
                the arbitration agreement (if any) reached with the disputing party;
(5) Filing a lawsuit with the court;
(6) Any other ways that both You and the other party in dispute agree.
2. When You choose to make a complaint to MIC, You acknowledge and accept that MIC, as an independent
            third party, will render an outcome (including temporary or permanent account termination, permanent ban from
            MIC, non-refundable service fees paid, etc.) based on the facts available to MIC and in accordance with the
            relevant rules of MIC. We reserve the right to decide at our own discretion whether or not to participate in
            the settlement of disputes.
3. If You are a party to a dispute or controversy, MIC has the right to investigate the situation from You by
            telephone or email, and notify the other party to the dispute of the situation investigated.
You have
                the obligation to provide the corresponding information within the specified time after receiving our notice,
                and cooperate with Us to investigate and resolve the dispute and complaint, otherwise, MIC has the right to
                unilaterally and independently judge whether the complaint and (or) reimbursement request of other users
                against You (or You against other users) is valid, and make unfavorable processing results for You.
4. You acknowledge and agree that
MIC is not a professional judicial institution, We can only judge
            the evidence submitted by the parties with the knowledge of the general public, and do not guarantee that the
            result can meet your expectation, nor do We assume any responsibility for the result.
In the event that You are not satisfied with the
outcome
, You still reserve the right to resolve the
            dispute through other dispute resolution procedures, yet You shall be bound to accept or comply with the
outcome
of MIC's decision before obtaining a final decision through other dispute resolution procedures.
Should the final decision be inconsistent with the decision made by MIC, You agree to indemnify MIC from
            any loss caused by the decision made by MIC.
V. Intellectual Property
1. MIC respects and protects the intellectual property rights of others, and prohibits the release or
            dissemination of any infringing or potentially infringing information. In the event that You commit a relevant
            infringement, You shall independently bear the legal responsibility arising therefrom. In the meantime, MIC has
            the right to take certain punitive measures against You.
2. No transfer of intellectual property rights, portrait rights, and other rights will occur as a result of
            uploading or releasing any text, images, video, audio, or other information other than personal information that
            You provide, release, as well as form when using MIC. In the meantime,
You grant use an irrevocable,
                non-exclusive and full license to use
(including storing, using, duplicating, revising, editing,
            releasing, displaying, translating, distributing or creating derivative works from the above information,
            incorporating the above information into other works in a form, medium or technique that is known or later
            developed and so forth),
sublicense, and obtain evidence and file lawsuits in our own name against third
                parties for infringement of your rights worldwide to the extent permitted by law.
3. All information published on MIC (including but not limited to text, logos, button icons, images, sound file
            clips, digital downloads, data editing and software, web page design, trademarks), with or without explicit
            statement, is the property of Focus Tech. or the information provider and is subject to the protection of
            Chinese and international copyright laws. All collated, arranged, layout and compiled contents on MIC are the
            property of Focus Tech. and are protected by Chinese and international copyright laws. All systems and software
            on MIC are the property of Focus Tech. and are protected by Chinese and international copyright laws.
Unless mandatorily provided by law, without a written consent of Focus Tech., no entity or individual
                shall copy, reproduce, cite, link, grasp or otherwise use the aforementioned information or property in
                whole or in part in any way, otherwise, Focus Tech. reserves the right to pursue its legal responsibilities.
VI. Force majeure
1. Regarding the following force majeure factors lead to obstacles of fulfillment, defects, delay and
            changes of content of MIC service, MIC does not assume the corresponding liability for breach of contract.
A reasonable measure will be taken by MIC promptly to minimize the possible damages incurred to You:
(1) In the event of natural disasters, strikes, riots, wars, governmental acts,
                orders of domestic or foreign courts or tribunals, etc;
(2) Any factors affecting normal network operation due to power
                supply failure and particular features of the Internet, including hacker attacks, Internet connection
                interruptions or impacts due to system failures, technical adjustments by telecommunications departments,
                and temporary shutdowns resulting from government controls;
(3) MIC regular or emergency equipment and system maintenance,
                equipment and system failure, network information and data security, and other factors.
VII. Application of law, jurisdiction and others
1. The laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China shall apply
to the conclusion,
            amendment, execution and interpretation of this Agreement, as well as to the settlement of disputes related to
            this Agreement. Should there be a lack of definite legal provisions on a particular matter related to this
            Agreement,
reference shall be made to common international business practices and industry practices.
2. Should any provision of this Agreement be wholly or partially invalid or unenforceable for any reason of any
            kind, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall continue to be valid and binding.
3. Any dispute arising from or related to this Agreement or services provided by MIC, will be first resolved
            through friendly consultation between Focus Tech. and You.
When consultation fails, proceedings or
                lawsuits shall be brought to the People's Court of the location of the Focus Tech.
Free App:

App Store

Google Play
Follow Us:






Contact Us:

TradeMessenger:

About Us
FAQ
Help
Site Map
Mobile Site
Hot Products
China Products
China Manufacturers/Suppliers
Wholesale Products
Wholesale Price
Continent Channel
Industry Sites
Regional Channels
Product Index
Insights
Language Options:
Español
Português
Français
Русский язык
Italiano
Deutsch
Nederlands
العربية
한국어
日本語
हिन्दी
ภาษาไทย
Türkçe
Tiếng Việt
Bahasa Indonesia
User Agreement
Declaration
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 1998-2026
Focus Technology Co., Ltd.
All Rights Reserved.