Terms Of Use | ManualsLib
About Us
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms Of Use
Press & Media
What Our Users Say
Contacts
F.A.Q.
Advertise with Us
DMCA Policy
Terms of Use
This website
www.manualslib.com
(the "
Site
")
                is owned and operated by INTERNET
                ADVERTISING LIMITED, company registered in Hong Kong, with its registered office at Room 2303, New Tech
                Plaza, 34 tai Yau Street, San Po Kong, Kowloon, Hong Kong (the "Provider"). BY USING, ACCESSING OR
                BROWSING THIS SITE, THE USER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT HE/SHE HAS CAREFULLY REVIEWED AND AGREES TO THESE SITE
                TERMS OF USE (THE "
TOU
") AND THAT HE/SHE UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES TO COMPLY WITH AND BE
                BOUND BY THESE TOU, WHICH GOVERN THE MUTUAL RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PROVIDER AND THE USER. IF THE
                USER DOES NOT AGREE WITH THESE TOU, THE USER SHALL NOT ACCESS, USE OR BROWSE THIS SITE. Please be
                informed that the ToU may be periodically updated by posting a revised version. By using this Site you
                agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to determine
                the current ToU which you are bound.
Definitions
"
Account
" means an account created upon the Registration.
"
Agreement
" means an agreement created upon the Registration in order to enable a
                    Registered user to access, in full scope, Services as these are described in these ToU.
"
Privacy Policy
" means the Provider`s privacy policy available at
https://www.manualslib.com/privacy.html
.
"
Provider
"
                    means the company INTERNET ADVERTISING LIMITED, with its registered seat at Room 2303, New
                    Tech Plaza, 34 tai Yau Street, San Po Kong, Kowloon, Hong Kong, which provides the Services
                    available on the Site.
"
Registration
" means the process of registration of a User via the Site in order
                    to create an Account.
"
Registered User
" means a User who successfully completed Registration.
"
Services
" means services related particularly to the uploading and storing of
                    User content on the Site in the scope and under the conditions set out in these ToU.
"
Site
" means the website
https://www.manualslib.com/
operated by the Provider.
"
Site content
" means all content of the Site including the User content.
"
Unregistered User
" means a User who did not successfully complete Registration.
"
User
" means a natural person or a legal entity that uses the Services. The
                    Registered and Unregistered user are mutually determined as the User in these ToU.
"
User content
" means any content and materials that Users upload, publish, submit
                    and/or transmit to or through the Site.
Services
The Services comprise the provision of space for uploading, storing and downloading User
                    content, managing it, re-downloading and sharing it through the Site.
The Services are provided free of charge and solely for non-commercial purposes.
The Provider is entitled to reserve the provision of a certain type of Services to Registered
                    Users only.
The User acknowledges and agrees that Services may be provided through/by third parties or
                    in cooperation with third parties.
The Registered User is entitled to use the Services without further restrictions within the
                    range of Services provided.
The Unregistered User may use the Services to a limited extent; particularly the Unregistered User
                    may download the User content only.
Registration and account
In the event that the User wants to gain authorization to use the Services in full scope as
                    it is described above in these ToU, the User shall register for the Account through a
                    registration form available online at the Site. The Account enables the Registered User to
                    upload, publish, submit and/or transmit the User content to or through the Site, i.e., to
                    use the Services as described in these ToU. In case the User is a legal entity, the
                    Registration shall be done by an authorized representative of the User that has the
                    authority and permission to create the Account and conclude the Agreement on behalf of the
                    User.
Each User shall fill out and submit the registration form with the required details (i.e.,
                    email address and the password) through the Site. Prior to the submission of the
                    Registration, the User shall read and agree to the most up-to-date version of these ToU and
                    the Privacy Policy available at the Site. The User acknowledges that the necessary condition
                    for the access, browsing or use of the Services is the User`s consent with these ToU and the
                    Privacy Policy. By submitting the filled registration form, the User makes an offer to
                    conclude the Agreement with the Provider.
The Account is activated by successful completion of the Registration process.
Access to each Account is secured with an email address and password. The User is solely
                    responsible for keeping his/her email address and password confidential and secure –
                    Provider is in no way responsible for the misuse of or unauthorized disclosure of the
                    Account email address and/or password. The User undertakes to immediately notify the
                    Provider of any unauthorized use of his/her Account or any other known or suspected breach
                    of security. In such case, the Provider shall be entitled to block the Account known and/or
                    accessible or believed to be accessible to the third parties and enable the User to create a
                    new Account. The User acknowledges that the Provider shall not be responsible for any misuse
                    of the Account, or for any damages, harm or claims of third parties arising from the User`s
                    failure to comply with the principles of safety or from any unauthorized access to the
                    Account. The User will be responsible for any misuse of the Account, or for any damages,
                    harm or claims of third parties arising from the User`s failure to comply with the
                    principles of safety or from any unauthorized access to the Account.
The User may use his/her Account and the Services only for his/her own non-commercial needs
                    and/or use. The User is not entitled to use his/her Account and/or the provided Services
                    including the User content for commercial purpose – this is strictly prohibited.
                    Furthermore, the User is not entitled to provide his Account or the Services to third
                    parties regardless of whether such a provision will occur free of charge or for a charged
                    provision.
Rights and obligations of the user
The Registered User is obliged to provide true, up-to-date, and complete information when
                    completing the Registration, identifying him/her as a Registered User.
The Registered User is responsible for the User content uploaded, published, submitted
                    and/or transmitted to or through the Site. By uploading, publishing, submitting and/or
                    transmitting of the User content on the Site the Registered User does not waive any rights
                    in connection with the User content unless otherwise stated in these ToU.
By uploading the User content on the Site the Registered User authorizes the Provider to
                    automatically process and store the User content and its copies on the Site.
By uploading, publishing, submitting and/or transmitting the User content on the Site, the
                    Registered User authorizes the Provider to automatically process the User content allowing
                    the Provider to display any available file metadata (especially, file name, file type, its
                    size, number of pages, format/codec, resolution and bit rate), including creating a
                    reduced preview of the User content in the form of a "thumbnail" that will represent the
                    contents of the User content on the Site.
By uploading the User content on the Site the Registered User authorizes the Provider to
                    automatically process a file name and include the file name in the database in order to
                    enable search in the user content to other Users and the general public.
The User assigns all of the rights specified in these ToU to the Provider free of any
                    charge. By uploading, publishing, submitting and/or transmitting User content, you hereby
                    grant to Provider a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable right and license to
                    use, copy, modify, display, perform, delete in its entirety, adapt, publish, translate,
                    create derivative works from, sell and/or distribute such content, and/or incorporate such
                    content into any form, medium or technology now known or hereafter developed throughout the
                    world, for any purpose whatsoever including, without limitation, advertising, promotion, or
                    commercial purposes, without compensation to or further authorization by User. Under the
                    license granted herein, Provider shall be free to use any ideas or concepts contained in the
                    User content without further attribution, compensation or notice to User. Provider does not
                    endorse any User content or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein.
                    Provider reserves the right to remove or to refuse to post any User content for any reason.
The Registered User is obliged to ensure the User content complies with these ToU.
The User acknowledges that due to the technical process of upload, the uploaded file may not
                    be displayed on the Site immediately. The upload process before the file is displayed on the
                    Site may take up to 4 weeks or more.
The Provider does not control or monitor whether the Registered User is authorized to
                    upload, publish, submit and/or transmit the User content on the Site. The User is solely
                    responsible for the User content uploaded, published, submitted and/or transmitted to the
                    Site.
The User is not authorized to modify, alter or in any possible manner interfere with the
                    content of the Site or to obtain personal information about other Users. User agrees that
                    he/she will not to violate or attempt to violate the security of this Site, including,
                    without limitation, (i) logging onto an Account that User is not authorized to access; (ii)
                    attempting to interfere with Service to any user, host or network, including, without
                    limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the Site, overloading, "flooding",
                    "spamming", "mail bombing" or "crashing"; or (iii) attempt to
                    transmit any "virus", "Trojan horse" or other software destruction or
                    disruption device. User will also not intentionally or unintentionally violate any
                    applicable international, federal, state or local law, including but not limited to any
                    regulations applicable to User‘s use of this Site.
The User has the right to request removal/deletion of a file, which he/she has uploaded on
                    the Site, without giving any reason. The request for deletion must be submitted to the
                    Provider via the email used for the Registration and addressed to the email Provider`s
                    address
abuse@manualslib.com
or via the contact form
                    available at
https://www.manualslib.com/contacts.html
,
                    in such a case please insert the email used for the Registration in the appropriate field
                    "Your email". The Registered User is obliged to provide sufficient specification of the
                    file, he/she wishes to be removed from the Site (e.g., via form of hyperlink). The Provider
                    will attempt to remove such a file within 2 weeks after receiving the request provided in
                    accordance with this section.
The User acknowledges and agrees that the provided Services are not a permanent backup of
                    information and/or data service. The User is responsible for their own backup of User
                    content at their own expenses. The Provider does not guarantee that User content will not be
                    corrupted, altered or deleted. The Provider is not responsible for any damage caused by the
                    loss of User content.
The User is entitled to download the Uploaded content only for personal non-commercial use.
                    The commercial use of any User content is strictly prohibited.
In connection with User content, the User represents, and warrants to the Provider that: (i)
                    the User has the right to upload, publish, submit and/or transmit the User content and that
                    User posting of the User content will not infringe upon the intellectual property rights of
                    any third party; (ii) use of User content on this Site, in whole or in part, will not
                    infringe upon the rights of any third party including, without limitation, any intellectual
                    property or privacy rights; (iv) the User has obtained written permission from any other
                    person named, photographed or otherwise depicted in User content which will allow the
                    Provider to utilize User content without compensation or objection; (v) all "moral rights"
                    that the User may have in such User content have been voluntarily waived by the User (vii)
                    the use of User content will not cause injury to any person or entity; (viii) User content
                    is not or may not reasonably be considered to be defamatory, libelous, hateful, racially or
                    religiously biased or offensive, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing to any
                    individual, partnership or corporation; and (ix) User content does not contain any computer
                    viruses, worms or other potentially damaging computer programs or files.
The User acknowledges and agrees that User content may be accessed, viewed and downloaded by
                    others, including the general public, free of charge and, whether or not such User content
                    is published, the Provider does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any User
                    content. The Provider is not responsible for keeping any User content confidential. The User
                    is solely responsible for his own User content and the consequences of publishing,
                    uploading, distributing or displaying them on the Site.
You may access and use our Site only for your personal use.
You may not access, use, or copy any portion of the Site or its content through the use of bots,
                    spiders, scrapers, web crawlers, indexing agents, or other automated devices or mechanisms,
                    including centralised or outsourced human work.
Rights and obligations of the provider
The Provider does not monitor, modify or analyze User content. This provision does not limit
                    the right of the Provider to restrict access to or delete User content under these ToU.
The Provider reserves the right to transfer User content between different parts of the
                    Site. The information contained in this Site including all images, illustrations, designs,
                    photographs, video clips, writings and other materials that appear herein are copyrights,
                    trademarks, trade dress or other intellectual property owned, controlled, or licensed by
                    Provider or are the property of their respective owners.
The User acknowledges and agrees that the Provider is authorized at any time and in any
                    manner to modify the Site as well as the provided Services, their scope and conditions,
                    without any prior notice to the User. The User further acknowledges and agrees that such
                    modifications may affect the functionality of the provided Services, or may even exclude
                    particular functionality. The User is not entitled to compensation for any damage resulting
                    from such a restriction of the functionality of the provided Services caused by
                    modifications of the Site or Services.
The Provider is authorized to remove or disable User content due to the fact that User
                    content violates these ToU, legal regulations or third party rights or if the Provider has a
                    reasonable suspicion that these ToU, legal regulations or third party rights are violated.
                    Exercising this right of the Provider is at the Provider`s sole discretion and is not
                    subject to any justification or prior notice to the User. Provider disclaims all liability
                    for and User waives any rights related to removal or disabling of any User content
                    regardless of whether or not the User content violated these ToU, any regulations or third
                    party rights.
The Provider is authorized to block the Registered User`s option to upload files on the Site
                    without any prior notice in case of violation of these ToU by the Registered User or if the
                    Provider has a reasonable suspicion that these ToU, legal regulations or third party rights
                    are violated. Exercising this right of the Provider is at the Provider`s sole discretion and
                    is not subject to any justification or prior notice to the Registered User.
The Provider is entitled to terminate the Services at any time at its sole discretion,
                    without any prior notice to the User.
Modification of the materials or use of the materials for any other purpose is a violation
                    of Provider`s or the applicable third party`s copyright and other proprietary rights. User
                    may download the User content, provided User keeps intact all copyright and other
                    proprietary notices. Please note that the permission granted herein terminates automatically
                    if User breaches these ToU. Any other use of the User content on this Site other than as
                    noted above may violate copyright or trademark laws, and, without the prior written
                    permission of Provider, is strictly prohibited.
Warranty disclaimer and limitation of liability
The Provider makes no representations or warranties of any kind, either express or implied,
                    regarding the Site or the content of the Site including the provided Services. The Services
                    and the content of the Site are provided on an "AS IS" basis. The Provider expressly
                    disclaims any and all warranties, especially (i) all warranties of merchantability, fitness
                    for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement, and any and all warranties arising from
                    the course of dealing and usage of the Services and the Site; (ii) that the Site and Site
                    content including the Services will meet the User`s requirements, will always be available,
                    accessible, uninterrupted, timely, secure or operate without error, (iii) as to the results
                    that may be obtained from the operation, use or other exploitation of the Site or Site
                    content, (iv) as to the accuracy or reliability of any information obtained from the Site or
                    Site content and (v) as to any partner Site or its contents or any other non-Provider site.
The User accesses and uses the Site and Site content at the User`s own risk and the Provider
                    will not be liable for any damage of any kind arising from or relating to the User`s
                    operation, use or other exploitation of the Site and Site content.
The Provider does not in any manner represent or warrant that the information accessible on
                    the Site is accurate, complete or current.
The User agrees to defend, indemnify and hold the Provider (and its officers, directors,
                    agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, employees and third-party service providers) harmless
                    from any and all claims, demands, investigations, and damages (actual and consequential) of
                    every kind and nature, known and unknown, including reasonable legal and other professional
                    fees, costs, expenses or damage relating to defending such claims, arising out of or related
                    to a breach of the User`s representations and warranties set forth in section 3.12 of these
                    ToU, breach of the ToU, or the User`s violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
IN NO EVENT SHALL PROVIDER BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
                    DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (COLLECTIVELY, "DAMAGES"), INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
                    LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE FORM OF ANY ACTION, INCLUDING BUT NOT
                    LIMITED TO CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTIONS, ALL ARISING OUT OF OR IN
                    CONNECTION WITH THE USE, COPYING, OR DISPLAY OF THE CONTENTS OF THE SITE. THE FOREGOING
                    PARAGRAPH OR ANY OTHER SIMILAR PROVISION IN THESE ToU SHALL NOT APPLY TO A RESIDENT OF NEW
                    JERSEY TO THE EXTENT DAMAGES TO SUCH NEW JERSEY RESIDENT ARE THE RESULT OF PROVIDER‘S
                    NEGLIGENT, FRAUDULENT, OR RECKLESS ACT(S) OR INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT.
Particular jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties or exclusion of
                    liability for certain types of damage, therefore the above limitations and exclusions may
                    not apply to a particular User in whole or in part.
Take down procedure
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no copyright is claimed by the Provider in
                    respect of User content posted. To the extent that any of the User content appears to
                    infringe upon a copyright, the Provider asserts that such use is permissible under fair use
                    principles under U.S. Copyright law. If, however, anyone believes any User content on the
                    Site infringes upon his/her copyright or trademark rights, he/she may request such User
                    content be removed by following the notice and take down procedures of the Digital
                    Millennium Copyright Act. To follow those procedures, contact the Provider on the address
                    below and provide the following information:
A clear statement identifying the User content believed to be
                            infringed.
A statement from the intellectual property owner ("Owner") or authorized
                            representative that the User content is believed to be infringing and not authorized by the
                            owner.
Sufficient information about the location of the allegedly infringing
                            User content so that the Provider can find and verify its existence (for example provide the
                            URL of the User content).
His/her name, telephone number and e-mail address.
A statement from him/her under penalty of perjury that the information
                            supplied is accurate, and that you are authorized to act on the owner's behalf.
A signature or the electronic equivalent from the owner or authorized
                            representative.
The Provider's agent for notice of copyright or trademark issues on the
                            Site can be reached as follows:
Incorporate Now Inc
512 Lucerne Ave
Lake Worth, FL 33460
Phone:
(800) 371-1217
Fax:
(800) 371-0235
Miscellaneous
The name Manualslib and the Manualslib logo are owned by the Provider and may not be copied,
                    reproduced, downloaded, displayed, performed, modified, republished, uploaded, transmitted,
                    mirrored in any manner, or distributed without the Provider`s prior written consent. No
                    material from Provider may be copied, reproduced, downloaded, displayed, performed,
                    modified, republished, uploaded, transmitted, mirrored in any manner, or distributed except
                    as explicitly stated herein.
If the User decides to leave the Site via links to other sites not operated by the Provider,
                    the Provider is not responsible for the terms of use, privacy policies or the cookies that
                    site uses. The User is strongly advised to get acquainted with the terms of use and privacy
                    policy of a third party site. Additionally, the User acknowledges and agrees that the
                    Provider is not responsible for availability of such sites, and is neither responsible nor
                    liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such
                    sites. Please see our Privacy Policy for further details. In no event shall any reference to
                    any non-Provider site, product or service be construed as an approval or endorsement by
                    Provider of such site, product or service.
Digital millenium copyright act compliance
The Provider complies with the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act applicable
                    to internet service providers (17 U.S.C. §512, as amended). Questions regarding these terms
                    and conditions, or regarding any other aspects of our Site, should be sent via the
                    determined form available at:
https://www.manualslib.com/contacts.html
,
                    questions submitted via any other communication means may not be answered by the Provider.
                    DMCA Notice Form:
https://www.manualslib.com/takedown.html
Contact
To contact the Provider, please use the contact form available at:
https://www.manualslib.com/contacts.html
.
Final provisions
In the event that one or more provisions of these ToU shall, or
                    shall be deemed to, be invalid or unenforceable, the validity and enforceability of the
                    other provisions of these ToU shall not be affected thereby, provided that the invalid
                    provision is not essential and crucial.
The Provider`s Privacy Policy respects the User`s right to privacy. The Provider`s Privacy
                    Policy is available at
https://www.manualslib.com/privacy.html
.
The ToU can be changed by the Provider at any time without any prior notice by Provider
                    posting the revised version to the Site.
Claims relating to, including the use of, this Site and the materials contained herein,
                    including, without limitation, the User content are governed by the laws of the United
                    States and the state of Illinois, without regard for its conflicts of law provisions
Provider and User agree irrevocably submit that the state or federal courts located in
                    Chicago, Illinois, as applicable, will have exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine any
                    claims or disputes arising out of or related to these ToU that are not subject to binding
                    arbitration as set forth herein. User expressly and irrevocably submits and consents in
                    advance to such jurisdiction in any action or suit commenced in such court, and User hereby
                    waives any objection that he/she may have based upon lack of personal jurisdiction, improper
                    venue or
forum non conveniens
. If User does not agree, please do not use this Site.
                    If User chooses to access this Site from another location, User does so on his/her own
                    initiative and is responsible for compliance with all applicable local laws.
The User has been acquainted with these ToU, he/she accepts them explicitly and confirms
                    that the ToU do not include any provisions that the User could not reasonably expect.
The ToU is effective until terminated by either party. You may terminate the ToU at any time
                    by destroying all materials obtained from the Site and all related documentation thereof,
                    whether made under the ToU or otherwise. The ToU will terminate immediately without notice
                    from Provider if in Provider‘s sole discretion User fails to comply with any provision of
                    the ToU. Upon termination, User must destroy all materials obtained from the Site, whether
                    made under the provisions of the ToU or otherwise.
NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS. Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California
                    users are entitled to the following consumer rights notice: If you have a question or
                    complaint regarding the Site, please send an email to
abuse@manualslib.com
. California
                    residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of
                    the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at
1625 North Market Blvd.,
                        Sacramento, CA 95834
, or by telephone at
(916) 445-1254
or
(800) 952-5210
.
These Terms and Conditions are effective as of 13 June 2018.
manuals
lib
About Us
F.A.Q.
What Our Users Say
Press & Media
Contacts
Advertise with Us
DMCA Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms of Use
GDPR Settings
Brands
manualslib.de
manualslib.es
manualslib.fr
manualslib.nl
manualslib.tech
Login
Sign In
OR
Sign in with Facebook
Sign in with Google
Don't have an account? Sign up!
Restore password
Upload manual
Upload from disk
Upload from URL
Thank you for your help!