Terms of Use
Information

1. Conditions

By accessing this site, you agree to be bound by these Web Terms of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site.

2. License to use

It is permitted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on the Maptons website for a personal, non-commercial transient viewing only. This is the granting of a license, not the transfer of title, and under this license, you can not:
Modify or copy materials;
Use the materials for commercial purposes or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
Attempt to decompile or dissect any software contained on the Maptons website;
Remove copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
Transfer materials to another person, the "mirror" of materials on any other server.
This license automatically terminates if you violate any of these restrictions and can be terminated by the Maptons at any time. After you stop viewing these materials or after completing this license, you must destroy all downloaded material, at your disposal whether in electronic or hard copy format.

3. Failure

The materials on the site are Maptons provided "as is". Maptons makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and thereby denies and denies all other warranties, including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of intellectual property rights or other infringement of rights. In addition, Maptons does not guarantee or make any statements regarding accuracy, most likely the results, or reliability of the use of materials on its website or otherwise associated with such materials or on any sites linking to this site.

4. Restrictions

In no event will Maptons.com or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profits, or due to business interruption) arising from the use or inability to use the materials on the Maptons website , In even if Maptons or an authorized representative of Maptons was notified verbally or in writing about the possibility of such damage. Because some areas do not allow the limitation of implied warranties, or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these restrictions may not apply to you.

5. Changes and corrections

The materials presented on the Maptons website could include technical, typographical or photographic errors. TopoNavi does not guarantee that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. Maptons can make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without prior notice. Maptons does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.

6. References

Maptons did not review all sites linked to its website, and is not responsible for the content of any such sites. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement of the Maptons site. Use any such website at your own risk and user's risk.

7. Terms of Use

Maptons can review these terms and conditions using its website at any time without prior notice. By using this site, you agree to be bound at that time by the current version of these Terms of Use.

General terms and conditions applicable to the use of the website.