General terms and conditions
This site is owned and operated by Marks and Spencer Group plc ('Marks & Spencer', 'we' or 'us'). Registered office: Waterside House, 35 North Wharf Rd, London W2 1NW. Registered number 4256886 (England and Wales). 

Ownership of rights
All rights, including copyright, in this website are owned by or licensed to Marks & Spencer. Any use of this website or its contents, including copying or storing it or them in whole or part, other than for your own personal, non-commercial use is prohibited without the permission of Marks & Spencer. You may not modify, distribute or re-post something on this website for any purpose.

Accuracy of content
Marks & Spencer has taken every care in the preparation of the content of this website. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Marks & Spencer disclaims all warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy of the information contained in any of the materials on this website. Marks & Spencer shall not be liable to any person for any loss or damage which may arise from the use of any of the information contained in any of the materials on this website.

Damage to your computer
Marks & Spencer makes every effort to ensure that this website is free from viruses or defects. However, we cannot guarantee that your use of this website or any websites accessible through it won't cause damage to your computer. It is your responsibility to ensure that the right equipment is available to use the website and screen out anything that may damage it. Marks & Spencer shall not be liable to any person for any loss or damage which may arise to computer equipment as a result of using this website.

Links to other websites
We have placed links on this website to other websites we think you may want to visit. We do not vet these websites and do not have any control over their contents. Marks & Spencer cannot accept any liability in respect of the use of these websites.

Exclusions of liability
Any disclaimers and exclusions of liability in these terms & conditions shall not apply to any damages arising from death or personal injury caused by the negligence of Marks & Spencer or any of its employees or agents or fraud. These disclaimers and exclusions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English Law. If any provisions of these disclaimers and exclusions shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable then that provision shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.

Other legal notices
There may be legal notices on other areas of this website which relate to your use of this website, all of which will, together with these terms & conditions govern your use of this website.

Changes to legal notices
We reserve the right to change these terms & conditions from time to time and you should look through them as often as possible.

Law, jurisdiction and language
This website, any content contained herein and any usage of this website are governed by and construed in accordance with English Law. The parties agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. All contracts are concluded in English.