Site Terms and Conditions
Current version: January 14, 2026. 

Summary of terms and conditions

Mercado Libre is a technology company that offers services primarily related to e-commerce and digital payments.

The Marketplace is an e-commerce platform where Users can sell and buy products using different payment and shipping solutions.
At Marketplace VIS, we connect people interested in transacting with vehicles, real estate, and services with potential sellers.
Mercado Pago is a payment and collection platform that can be used for transactions both within and outside the Marketplace.
Mercado Envíos is the technological tool we offer so that Users can send and receive their purchases made on sites or applications that use Mercado Libre technology.
We also offer other services such as Mercado Shops, Mercado Ads, Mercado Créditos, among many others, all with the same goal: to democratize commerce and financial services in the region. 
In order to operate on the platform, all Users must accept the Terms and Conditions, the annexes and the Privacy Statement.

Those who have legal capacity and duly authorized minors will be able to operate within Mercado Libre.

Each user is responsible for the personal data they provide upon registration and is obligated to keep it updated. Furthermore, they are solely responsible for the use and safekeeping of their password. 

In some cases, we may charge a fee for the use of the services that make up the Mercado Libre ecosystem, which the User agrees to pay.

1- Mercado Libre
Mercado Libre is a technology company that offers services primarily related to e-commerce and digital payments 

The services offered by Mercado Libre on the websites www.mercadolibre.com.ar and www.mercadopago.com.ar and its mobile applications (hereinafter: “Site”) are designed to form an ecosystem that allows people to sell, buy, pay, ship products and perform other commercial activities with applied technology (hereinafter: “MELI Ecosystem”).

2- Terms and Conditions
These terms and conditions and the annexes that explain the services of the MELI Ecosystem (hereinafter: “Terms and Conditions”) regulate the relationship between Mercado Libre and the people who use its services (“User People”). 

Users accept these Terms and Conditions from the moment they register on the Site and use the MELI Ecosystem.

When we need to make significant changes to our services, we will publish the modifications 10 calendar days in advance so that Users can review them and continue using the MELI Ecosystem. Changes that reflect updates to Marketplace, Marketplace VIS, Shipping with Mercado Libre, and Mercado Pago fees will be subject to the terms and conditions established in their specific Terms and Conditions.

Users who have no outstanding obligations with Mercado Libre or with other Users may terminate their relationship with Mercado Libre by canceling their account. 

3- Capacity
Our services may be used by adults with the legal capacity to enter into contracts. Minors, from the age of 13, may only use their account with the authorization of their legal representative, who will be responsible for all actions and obligations arising from the use of that account and who must ensure its responsible and appropriate use, taking into account the maturity of the authorizing minor

Anyone using the MELI Ecosystem on behalf of a company must have the authority to enter into contracts on its behalf. Furthermore, the User must be active to use the account. 

4- Registration and Account
Anyone wishing to use our services must complete the registration form with the required information. By completing it, you agree to provide accurate, truthful, and precise information and to keep your information up to date. The user is solely responsible for the accuracy of their registration data. Notwithstanding the information provided in the form, we may request and/or consult additional information to verify the user's identity. 

The account is personal, unique, and non-transferable; that is, it may not be sold or given to another person under any circumstances. Access is granted using the personal security password you have chosen, which you must keep strictly confidential. The User may create Collaborative Accounts and define their access permissions. In any case, the User will be solely responsible for all transactions carried out on their account. Should you detect any unauthorized use of your account, you must immediately and reliably notify Mercado Libre. 

We may reject a registration request or cancel an accepted registration without giving rise to any right to compensation. Users who have been previously disabled will not be able to register on the Site again. Users who are included on or related to individuals on national or international sanctions lists will also be ineligible to register. Learn more. 

Furthermore, if we detect the use of more than one account, we may apply holds, debits and/or any other measure if we consider that such action may harm the rest of the people who use the Site or Mercado Libre, beyond any applicable sanctions. 

5- Data privacy
At Mercado Libre, we use personal information responsibly, protecting the privacy of the users who entrust us with their data. We apply the highest security standards to ensure its proper safeguarding and handling throughout our digital ecosystem. For this reason, both the registration and processing of personal data, as well as the management of data protection rights, are carried out through our digital channels, which are always available to users . Learn more about how we handle personal data in our Privacy Statement.

6- Commercial Information
“Commercial Information” is all information provided and/or generated by Users when using the MELI Ecosystem services, including, without limitation, data on products sold, prices, sales, ratings, volume, number of visits, conversion rates, and transaction dates on Mercado Libre sites. By providing and/or generating this Commercial Information on the Mercado Libre Website, Users acknowledge that Mercado Libre may use that information. Learn more about our  Commercial Information Access policy

7- Sanctions
If the User violates a law or the Terms and Conditions, we may warn, suspend, restrict or temporarily or permanently disable their account, without prejudice to other sanctions established in the specific rules of use of Mercado Libre services 

8- Responsibility
Mercado Libre will be responsible for any defect in the provision of its service, to the extent that it is attributable to it and within the scope provided for in current laws 

9- Fees
Mercado Libre may charge for its services and the User agrees to pay them on time 

We may modify or eliminate fees at any time with the prior notice established in clause 2 of these Terms and Conditions. Similarly, we may temporarily modify fees for promotional purposes for the benefit of Users. 

The User authorizes Mercado Libre to retain and/or debit existing and/or future funds from their Mercado Pago account and/or bank accounts registered therein, to settle unpaid fees or any other debt they may have. 

For details on the rates for each service, Users should consult the corresponding terms and conditions. 

In all cases, the invoice will be issued in accordance with the tax information that the individuals have loaded into their account. 

10- Intellectual Property
Mercado Libre and/or its related companies own all intellectual property rights to their sites, all their content, services, products, trademarks, trade names, logos, designs, images, advertising phrases, copyrights, domains, computer programs, codes, developments, software, databases, information, technology, patents and utility models, industrial designs and models, trade secrets, among others (“Intellectual Property”) and are protected by national and international laws

Although Mercado Libre grants permission to use its products and services as provided in the Terms and Conditions, this does not imply authorization to use its Intellectual Property, except with the prior and express consent of Mercado Libre and/or its affiliated companies. In any case, seller users who use these products and services may not use Mercado Libre's Intellectual Property in a way that causes confusion among the public and must conduct their business under their own distinctive trademark or trade name, which is not confusingly similar to the Mercado Libre brand and its "Mercado" family of brands, in accordance with the guidelines of the Legal Brandbook .

It is prohibited to use our products or services for illegal purposes, to perform any type of reverse engineering or create derivative works, to use search or data extraction tools from our platform for reuse, and/or to create your own databases that include all or part of our content without our express authorization. It is also prohibited to misuse, use without authorization, use contrary to current regulations, use that generates confusion or involves derogatory use, or use that causes harm, damage, or loss to Mercado Libre and/or its related companies. The use of Mercado Libre's products and services does not imply authorization to use third-party intellectual property that may be involved; such use will be the sole responsibility of the user. 
If a User or any listing infringes the Intellectual Property of Mercado Libre or third parties, Mercado Libre may remove said listing in whole or in part, sanction the user as provided in these Terms and Conditions, and take the corresponding extrajudicial and/or judicial actions.

 11- Compensation
The User shall indemnify and hold harmless Mercado Libre and its related companies, as well as those who manage, succeed, administer, represent, and/or work for them, from any administrative or legal claim initiated by other Users, third parties, or any Agency, related to their activities within the MELI Ecosystem.
Under this liability, they may make compensations, withholdings, or take other measures necessary to repair losses, damages, and harm of any kind.

12- Automated Use of the Site and Access to Information
The use of automated systems (including, but not limited to, bots, spiders, scrapers or crawlers) to access, index, extract, copy, store, reuse, reproduce, transmit or distribute, directly or indirectly, any content from the Mercado Libre website without the corresponding express authorization from Mercado Libre is prohibited, especially and without limitation, with respect to: 

a. Content protected by intellectual property rights, including - but not limited to - original descriptive texts, images, videos, logos, illustrations, source code, creatively organized databases, trademarks, trade names or any other content or elements protected under applicable intellectual property regulations. 

b. Information or functionalities that are only available through prior authentication, login, or access credentials.

c. Any personal data or identifiable information.

d. Automated activities that may affect the stability or availability of the site, such as sending mass requests, circumventing technical protection measures, or systematically replicating the site structure.

Mercado Libre reserves the right to limit or block automated use as it deems appropriate and to make any corresponding administrative or legal claims.

Failure to comply with this prohibition may constitute a breach of contract, a violation of the intellectual or industrial property rights of Mercado Libre or third parties, as well as an unfair or illegal practice, enabling Mercado Libre to exercise the corresponding legal and technical actions, without prejudice to suspending or restricting access to the site.

13- Annexes
In addition to these Terms and Conditions, each service in the MELI Ecosystem has its own rules of use:  

Marketplace
VIS Marketplace
Meli+
Mercado Play
Mercado Shops
Mercado Pago
Mercado Envíos
 

14- Jurisdiction and Applicable Law
These Terms and Conditions are governed by Argentine law. Any dispute arising from their application, interpretation, execution, or validity will be resolved by the competent ordinary national courts located in the City of Buenos Aires, unless otherwise specifically provided by mandatory regulations, such as consumer protection laws. For all purposes related to these Terms and Conditions and the use of the site, MercadoLibre SRL, with Tax ID 30-70308853-4, establishes its registered address as Caseros 3039, 2nd Floor, Autonomous City of Buenos Aires, Argentina.