Terms and conditions | Metro UK
Thank you for visiting the Metro.co.uk website (the “Site”). By using this Site, you accept these Terms and Conditions (“Terms”). If you do not accept these Terms, do not use this Site. We may change these Terms from time to time, so you should review them each time that you visit the Site. You should print a copy of these Terms for future reference.
General terms
1. About us
2. Using our Site
3. Third party content and links available on this Site
4. Your personal information
5. Our liability
6. Maintenance of the Site
7. Validity of these terms
8. Jurisdiction and applicable law
Registration specific terms
9. Registration
10. Your Content – what we are allowed to do
11. Your Content – what you are not allowed to do
12. Suspending or terminating your registration
1.
About us
1.1 This Site is operated by Metro, a division of Associated Newspapers Limited, a company registered in England under company number 84121 with a registered office at Northcliffe House, 9 Derry Street, London W8 5HY (“we”, “us”, “our”). Associated Newspapers Ltd is part of the DMGT plc group of companies (“DMGT”) . Our VAT number is GB 243571174. You can contact us using the following email address:
webmaster@ukmetro.co.uk
.
2.
Using our Site
2.1. You may view (and, where applicable, listen to) the content available on the Site for personal non-commercial use only and subject to your strict compliance with these Terms. You may occasionally print individual webpages on the Site for your private non-commercial use, provided that such printing is not substantial or systematic and our trade marks and copyright and trade mark notices are not removed.
2.2. Without limiting clause 2.1 above and unless expressly authorised by us in writing, you must not (whether directly or indirectly) access or use (or permit, authorise or facilitate the access or use of) the Site or any portion of the Site or any data, content, information or services accessed via the Site in any of the following ways (without limitation):
i. to copy, download, extract, collect, ‘scrape’, obtain, monitor or store all or any part of the content or Site, including whether manually or by way of any ‘bot/robot’, ‘spider’, ‘scraper’ or other automated software, device, algorithm, code, methodology, tool, process or similar technology (other than any such use by a public search engine for the sole purpose of providing direct links to the Site);
ii. to make available, distribute, republish, sell or offer to sell all or any part of the content or Site; or
iii. to use any content, files or data from the Site to make or populate a database or publication of any kind whatsoever, to develop or train any software program (including any machine learning or artificial intelligence systems), or for the purpose of text/ data mining or analysis to generate information which includes but is not limited to patterns, trends and correlations.
The provisions in this clause 2.2 relating to text/data mining and web scraping (a) should be treated as an express reservation of our rights in this regard, and (b) shall not apply insofar as (but only to the extent that) we are unable to exclude or limit text/data mining or web scraping activity by contract under the laws which are applicable to us. If you require any further information on permitted use, or a licence to re publish or otherwise utilise any part of the Site (or any Content), please email us at
content@metro.co.uk
or contact us by telephone on 020 7938 6000 or contact The Newspaper Licencing Association –
www.nla.co.uk
.
2.3 You may only play video or audio files using the media player on our Site.
2.4 If you would like a friend to read a story or watch or listen to a video or audio file on our Site, please use the ‘Email to a Friend’ or ‘Share this Article’ facilities on our Site, or you may email a link to our Site to your friend or simply ask them to visit our Site. Please ensure that you have their consent before giving us their details.
2.5 You must not use all or any part of our Site or the contents on it for commercial purposes without our permission.
2.6 Users, whether or not registered, must not abuse our Report Abuse facility e.g. by making malicious reports.
3. Third party content and links available on this Site
3.1 We are not liable or responsible for the third party content on this Site. Third party content includes, for example, comments posted by users and the content of advertisements.
3.2 Where this Site contains links to other sites and resources, which are provided by third parties, these links and resources are provided for your information only and you access them at your own risk. We are not liable or responsible for the content of third party sites or resources.
If you see something which you reasonably believe breaches these Terms or our House Rules, please use the Report Abuse facility. If there is no facility available, please contact us on
webmaster@ukmetro.co.uk
.
4. Your personal information
4.1 We will use your personal information in accordance with our Privacy and Cookies Policy, which forms part of these Terms. Please read our
Privacy and Cookies Policy
now.
5. Our liability
5.1 The information contained on this Site is for information purposes only and does not constitute advice. You should check any information on the Site and use your own judgment before doing or not doing anything on the basis of what you see. We give no warranties of any kind in relation to the Site or its contents.
5.2 Except for liability for fraudulent misrepresentation, we are not liable for:
(a) any action you may take as a result of relying on any information provided on this Site or for any loss or damage suffered by you as a result of you taking this action;
(b) any dealings you have with third parties (e.g. other users, advertisers or promoters) that take place using or facilitated by the Site;
(c) any liability for losses which are not a foreseeable or likely consequence of (i) your use of the Site, or (ii) a breach of these Terms.
5.3 We are not responsible if you cannot access the Site properly or at all because of any event outside our control, for example (without limitation) the performance of your or our ISP, your browser or the Internet.
5.4 The Site relies in part on software to work. Software has bugs. Whilst we will monitor the Site and try to fix bugs, we cannot guarantee that the Site or any individual feature of the Site will be error free, available all the time and/or free from viruses.
5.5 However, nothing in these Terms will affect any liability we may have for death or personal injury arising from our negligence or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited by law.
6. Maintenance of the Site
6.1 Making your use of the Site enjoyable means we need to fix bugs, install updates and do general diagnosis and maintenance of the Site. We will try to do scheduled maintenance during times when we anticipate that online use is lower than normal.
6.2 We also need to be able to do emergency maintenance and/or suspend access to the servers where, in our reasonable discretion, we see the need to do that. We will try to have the Site available again as soon as we think it is safe to do so.
7. Validity of these Terms
7.1 If any part or provision of these Terms is found to be unlawful or unenforceable, this shall not affect the validity of any other part or provision.
8. Jurisdiction and applicable law
8.1 These Terms are governed by English law. The English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute relating to these Terms.
Additional terms for Registered Users
By registering with Metro you also agree to the following additional terms:
9. Registration
9.1 You must be 16 years old or older to register and submit material (e.g. comments) to the Site.
9.2 Only one registration per person is allowed. You must keep your registration information up to date.
9.3 You must choose an email address which gives you frequent access to emails sent to that address, as we need to be able to contact you. You must keep your password confidential.
9.4 You must not:
(i) impersonate or try to impersonate another person;
(ii) disclose your password to anyone else;
(iii) allow anyone else use your account;
(iv) use anyone else’s account.
9.5 You are responsible for everything done using your account. If you think that someone else may have access to, or be using, your password or account, you must tell us as soon as possible by emailing:
webmaster@ukmetro.co.uk
.
9.6 We will use your personal information in accordance with our Privacy and Cookies Policy, which forms part of these Terms. Please read the
Registered Users
section of our
Privacy and Cookies Policy
now.
10. Your content – what we are allowed to do
10.1 We may publish, check, edit or remove all or part of the comments or other material, including your name, town and country, which you submit to us (‘Your Content’), at our sole discretion. We are not obliged to do any of these things and we may not.
10.2 You retain any copyright you may have in Your Content. By submitting material to us, you grant us a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive worldwide licence to use, copy, edit, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, make available, communicate and distribute Your Content (in whole or part) and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed. By submitting Your Content, you warrant that you have the right to grant this licence. The licence is capable of sub-license by us to other entities and brands in our group of companies (including, without limitation, This is Money, Allegran, Jobsite, Find a Property, PrimeLocation, Motors, This is Network).
10.3 To the extent permitted by law, you waive your moral rights (e.g. the right to be identified as author or to object to derogatory treatment) in Your Content.
This clause 4 means, for example (without limitation), that we can:
• Continue to publish all or part of Your Content, including your name, town and country, even if you change your mind and want us to remove it and/or you are no longer registered with the Site;
• Remove Your Content, even if you have not breached these Terms or our House Rules;
• Use all or part of Your Content in promoting our products and services (e.g. we may use a screenshot including your comments in our advertising);
• Edit your Content, which may result in a part of it being modified and displayed, including without your name.
Please note that we do not check, monitor, moderate or even see all the comments and other material submitted to us. While some comments are pre-moderated (i.e. checked in advance by us before publication), some are not (see our FAQ for more details).
11. Your content – what you are not allowed to do
11.1 You must not submit any material to our Site that:
(a) is:
(i) defamatory, malicious, threatening, false, misleading, offensive, abusive, discriminatory, harassing, blasphemous or racist,
(ii) indecent, obscene or of a sexual nature,
(iii) a breach of confidentiality or someone’s privacy;
(b) could prejudice any active legal proceedings of which you are aware;
(c) is likely to:
(i) cause someone alarm, anxiety or distress;
(ii) encourage violence or racial or religious hatred;
(d) infringes any intellectual property rights, such as copyright and trade marks. This means generally that you must own the rights in everything you submit or must obtain permission from the rights owner to submit the material;
(e) is technically harmful (including, without limitation, computer viruses, logic bombs, Trojan horses, worms, harmful components, corrupted data or other malicious software, harmful data or conduct);
(f) advertises any product or services;
(g) impersonates anyone else or otherwise misrepresents your identity, affiliation or status;
(h) is in breach of these Terms, our Privacy & Cookies Policy, and/or House Rules;
(i) is, encourages or teaches conduct that is a criminal offence, gives rise to civil liability, or is otherwise unlawful;
11.2 You must not include links on the Site to any websites or webpages.
11.3 You must not try to get round any protections we put in place for the security and operation of the Site.
11.4 You must not re-submit content which you are aware has been removed.
12. Suspending or terminating your registration
12.1 We may suspend, terminate or prevent your registration at our sole discretion. This may be because, for example, we consider that you have breached or will breach these Terms or our House Rules or someone has reported abuse. However, we are not obliged to do these things, we decide.
12.2 Where we suspend, terminate or prevent your registration, you must not attempt to re-register or submit content (e.g. using someone else’s registration), without our permission. The period of any suspension depends on all the circumstances.
Privacy and Cookies
The Privacy & Cookies Policy has been moved to:
http://metro.co.uk/2006/02/06/data-protection-and-privacy-policy-634244/#cookies
. We will shortly update the link in our cookies banner to refer to this new location.
Must Read
John Virgo cause of death revealed as his widow Rosie pays emotional tribute
Channel: Snooker
Snooker
6 days ago
By
Chris Davie
Three university students stabbed outside train station in ‘incredibly serious incident’
Channel: UK
UK
1 day ago
By
Brooke Davies
Catherine O'Hara's cause of death revealed after actress died aged 71
Channel: Showbiz
Showbiz
6 hours ago
By
Emily Bashforth
I couldn't wait to have sex - then the smell hit me
Channel: Sex
Sex
4 days ago
By
Sydney Summers
Emmerdale reminds us all how Caleb knows Graham
Channel: Emmerdale
Emmerdale
4 days ago
By
Calli Kitson
Play Video
How bike gangs came to dominate a UK town where a baby was left critically ill
Channel: UK
UK
6 days ago
By
Brooke Davies
Fighter jets intercept Wizz Air plane after 'child changes WiFi name to terrorist'
Channel: World
World
1 day ago
By
Luke Alsford
White House removes 'incredibly racist' video of Barack and Michelle Obama
Channel: US
US
4 days ago
By
Josh Milton
Play Video
Mum’s heartbreaking decision to send son, 13, on four hour swim to save family
Channel: World
World
6 days ago
By
Brooke Davies
First picture of student stabbed to death on university campus
Channel: UK
UK
5 days ago
By
Isobel Frodsham
Trending Now
Former Arsenal captain backed to become Manchester United manager
Channel: Football
Football
5 hours ago
By
Louis Sealey
Woman jailed for revenge plot against dad's mistress is recalled to prison
Horrified Betsy discovers dead body as major Coronation Street character is murdered
'Formidable' Emmerdale villain to return - and this time she's much worse
The sex position both men and women secretly think is 'one of the worst ever'
Metro Shorts
metro deals
more offers
more offers
Bannatyne Spa
Spa day for two with treatments, lunch & prosecco — save up to 57% off.
Mystery Escape
Hotel stay with return flights from as low as £92pp — save on worldwide holiday packages.
Beach Retreat (Lanzarote)
4* Lanzarote beach holiday with flights — save up to 58%.
UK Getaway
4* Radisson Blu Durham stay with breakfast, spa access & late checkout — save 60% off.
Drive Supercars
3–12 lap supercar driving experiences from £16.99 — save up to 65%.
Metro logo