The Michigan.gov website is provided as a public service and is owned and operated by the State of Michigan (the State).  This website is not, nor is it intended to be, an open public forum.

By visiting or using Michigan.gov you are agreeing to these terms and policies.

You agree not to access, or attempt to access, or allow any employee, agent, or contractor to access or attempt to access any portion of the website, using any means other than through the interface that is provided by the State of Michigan, unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate, written agreement with the State of Michigan. You specifically agree not to access, or attempt to access, or allow any employee, agent, or contractor to access or attempt to access any of the website through any automated means (including, but not limited to, use of scripts, web crawlers or screen scrapers) and shall ensure that you and your agents, employees, and contractors comply with the instructions these terms and any instructions of the State of Michigan, including without limitation any instructions located in any robots.txt file present on the site.

You agree not to use for commercial purposes, or resell, or allow your employees, agents, or contractors to use for commercial purposes or resell any of the data derived from this website unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate, written agreement with the State of Michigan, or other State of Michigan agency or department-specific terms provided with such data allow you to do. The State of Michigan reserves the right to discontinue your access by whatever means it chooses, and without notice, if it detects a violation of these terms. 

All content on Michigan.gov is the property of the State or its content suppliers and may be protected by intellectual property or other laws. You may not modify, copy, distribute, display, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, sell, or transfer information, products, services, images, designs, or logos obtained from Michigan.gov unless the law otherwise provides or the State gives you prior written permission.

You may not use Michigan.gov or any of its content for any purpose that is unlawful or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity that infringes upon the rights of the State or others.  Duplication or use of any content from this web site for commercial purposes or in any manner likely to give the impression of official approval by the State Michigan is prohibited.

You agree that the State of Michigan may take any action necessary, whether at law or in equity, to protect its rights, and the rights of others, as set forth hereunder.

These terms are subject to change without notice.

Note that each department or agency within the State may have additional policies based on that department's or agency's legal mandate and regulatory requirements. Be sure to review the policies for each department and agency site you visit within the State and any external site that you visit through a link appearing at Michigan.gov.

Updated: December 2021