Help - Terms Of Service
We use cookies to give you the best possible experience. You can learn more about the cookies we use and why we use them by viewing our
Privacy Policy
. By continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies.
Accept & Close
Help Center
We're here to help! Browse topics, ask a question, or just send us some feedback.
Search Help Topics
Return to Help Center Home
Select a Topic
Account
Ammunition Orders
Communications
Gun Orders
Orders
Payment
Pricing/Promotions
Products
Returns (RMA)
Security/Privacy
Shipping
Website
Terms of Service
Last Updated: 9/29/2025
These Terms of Service (these “
Terms
”) apply to your access to and use of (i) the website located at https://www.midwayusa.com/ (or any successor links) and all associated web pages, websites, and social media pages (the “
Site
”) provided by MidwayUSA (“
MidwayUSA
” or “
we
,” “
us
” or “
our
”), (ii) online services (together with the Site, our “
Services
”), and (iii) products accessible via the Site.
Please read these Terms carefully, including the mandatory arbitration provision in Section 12 which requires that disputes be resolved by final and binding arbitration on an individual basis, not a class-wide or consolidated basis. If you do not wish to be subject to arbitration, you may opt out of the arbitration provision by following the instructions provided in Section 12.
By accessing or using any of our Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms and all terms incorporated by reference. If you do not agree to these Terms in their entirety, do not access or use our Services.
Please refer to our
Terms of Sale
, which describe the terms, conditions, and policies applicable to any purchases you make on or through our Services. By making a purchase on or through our Services, you agree to the Terms of Sale. These Terms apply in addition to our Terms of Sale that govern your purchase of products from us. If you have any questions about these Terms or our Services, please contact us at
customerservice@midwayusa.com
.
For information about how we collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process information about you, please see our
Privacy Notice
.
We may make changes to these Terms from time to time. The “Last Updated” date above indicates when these Terms were last changed. If we make future changes, we may provide you with notice of such changes, such as by sending an email, providing a notice through our Services, or updating the date at the top of these Terms. Unless we say otherwise in our notice, the amended Terms will be effective immediately, and your continued use of our Services after we provide such notice will confirm your acceptance of the changes. If you do not agree to the amended Terms, you must immediately stop using our Services.
1. Eligibility
You must be at least 18 years of age and reside in the United States to access or use our Services. If you are accessing or using our Services on behalf of another person or entity, (a) all references to “you” throughout these Terms will include that person or entity, (b) you represent that you are authorized to accept these Terms on that person’s or entity’s behalf, and (c) in the event you or the person or entity violates these Terms, the person or entity agrees to be responsible to us.
2. User Accounts and Account Security
You may need to register for an account to access some or all of our Services. If you register for an account, you must provide accurate account information and promptly update this information if it changes. You may not share or permit others to use your account credentials. You should use a strong password for your account that is unique to our Services and not used by you in connection with any other website or online service. You also must maintain the security of your account and promptly notify us if you discover or suspect that someone has accessed your account without your permission. You are responsible for the activities of such users that occur in connection with your account, regardless of whether you have permitted them to use your account. We reserve the right to reclaim usernames, including on behalf of businesses or individuals that hold legal claim, including trademark rights, in those usernames.
3. User Content
(a) Our Services may allow you to create, post, and share content, including feedback, photos, and videos (collectively, “
User Content
”).
(b) You grant MidwayUSA a perpetual, irrevocable, nonexclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, fully paid, and sublicensable license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, publicly perform, and display your User Content and any name, username, or likeness provided in connection with your User Content in all media formats and channels now known or later developed without compensation to you. When you post or otherwise share User Content on or through our Services, you understand that your User Content and any associated information (such as your name, nickname, or photos) may be visible to others. If you choose to make any of your information publicly available through the Services, you do so at your own risk.
(c) You may not create, post, or share any User Content that violates these Terms or for which you do not have all the rights necessary to grant us the license described above. You represent and warrant that your User Content, and our use of such content as permitted by these Terms, will not violate any rights of or cause injury to any person or entity. You are solely responsible for any User Content you make and its accuracy. We do not undertake to review all User Content, and we expressly disclaim any duty or obligation to undertake any monitoring or review of any User Content. Although we have no obligation to screen, edit, or monitor User Content, we may delete or remove User Content at any time and for any reason with or without notice.
4. Prohibited Conduct and Content
(a) You will not violate any applicable law, contract, intellectual property right, or other third-party right or commit a tort, and you are solely responsible for your conduct while accessing or using our Services.
(b) You will not use our Services if you are not eligible to use our Services in accordance with Section 1 and will not use our Services other than for their intended purpose. Further, you will not, in connection with our Services:
Engage in any harassing, threatening, intimidating, predatory, or stalking conduct;
Make any misrepresentations or provide any false or misleading information in connection with a purchase made through the Services;
Use or attempt to use another user’s account;
Use our Services in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect, or inhibit other users from fully enjoying our Services or that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the functioning of our Services in any manner;
Reverse engineer any aspect of our Services or do anything that might discover source code or bypass or circumvent measures employed to prevent or limit access to any part of our Services;
Attempt to circumvent any content-filtering techniques we employ or attempt to access any feature or area of our Services that you are not authorized to access;
Develop or use any third-party applications that interact with our Services without our prior written consent, including any scripts designed to scrape or extract data from our Services;
Bypass or ignore instructions contained in our robots.txt file, which files we may modify or update at any time in our sole discretion, that controls automated access to portions of our Services; or
Use our Services for any fraudulent, illegal, or unauthorized purpose, including to purchase firearms in a jurisdiction where such purchase is illegal, or engage in, encourage, or promote any activity that violates these Terms.
(c) You may also post or otherwise share only User Content that is not confidential and that you have all necessary rights to disclose. You may not create, post, or share any User Content that:
Is unlawful, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, suggestive, harassing, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory, or fraudulent;
Would constitute, encourage, or provide instructions for a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or otherwise create liability or violate any local, state, national, or international law;
May infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other intellectual or proprietary right of any party;
Contains or depicts any statements, remarks, or claims that do not reflect your honest views and experiences;
Impersonates, or misrepresents your affiliation with, any person or entity;
Contains any unsolicited promotions, political campaigning, advertising, or solicitations;
Contains any private or personal information of a third party without such third party’s consent;
Contains any viruses, corrupted data, or other harmful, disruptive, or destructive files or content; or
In our sole judgment, is objectionable, restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying our Services, or may expose MidwayUSA or others to any harm or liability of any type.
(d) Enforcement of this Section 4 or any other provisions in these Terms with respect to conduct is solely at MidwayUSA’s discretion, and failure to enforce this section or such terms in some instances does not constitute a waiver of our right to enforce it in other instances. In addition, you understand and agree that nothing in these Terms creates any private right of action on the part of any third party or any reasonable expectation that our Services will not contain any content that is prohibited by such rules or prohibited by the law.
5. Limited License; Copyright and Trademark
Our Services, including the text, graphics, images, photographs, videos, illustrations, trademarks, trade names, service marks, logos, slogans, and other content contained therein (collectively, the “
MidwayUSA Content
”), are owned by or licensed to MidwayUSA and are protected under both United States and foreign laws. Except as explicitly stated in these Terms, MidwayUSA and our licensors reserve all rights in and to our Services and the MidwayUSA Content. Subject to your compliance with these Terms, you are hereby granted a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable, non-sub-licensable, revocable license to access and use our Services and MidwayUSA Content for your own personal use; however, such license does not include any right to (a) sell, resell, or commercially use our Services or MidwayUSA Content; (b) copy, reproduce, distribute, publicly perform, or publicly display MidwayUSA Content, except as expressly permitted by us or our licensors; (c) modify the MidwayUSA Content, remove any proprietary rights notices or markings, or otherwise make any derivative uses of our Services or MidwayUSA Content; (d) use any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering or extraction methods; and (e) use our Services or MidwayUSA Content other than for their intended purposes. Any use of the Services or MidwayUSA Content other than as specifically authorized herein, without our prior written permission, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted herein and violate our intellectual property rights.
6. Feedback
From time to time, you may voluntarily provide us with questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, original or creative materials, or other information about MidwayUSA or our Services (collectively, “
Feedback
”). You understand and agree that we may use such Feedback for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you, including to develop, copy, publish, or improve the Services, or to improve or develop new products, services, or the Services in MidwayUSA’s sole discretion. MidwayUSA will exclusively own all MidwayUSA products, services or Services, or any improvements to the foregoing, based on or including any Feedback. You understand that MidwayUSA may treat Feedback as nonconfidential.
7. Indemnification
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless MidwayUSA and our officers, directors, agents, suppliers, and employees (individually and collectively, the “
MidwayUSA Parties
”) from and against any losses, liabilities, claims, demands, damages, expenses, or costs (“
Claims
”) arising out of or related to (a) your access to or use of our Services; (b) your User Content or Feedback; (c) your violation of these Terms; (d) your violation, misappropriation or infringement of any rights of another (including intellectual property rights or privacy rights); or (e) your conduct in connection with the Services. You will promptly notify MidwayUSA Parties of any third-party Claims, cooperate with MidwayUSA Parties in defending such Claims, and pay all fees, costs, and expenses associated with defending such Claims (including attorneys’ fees). The MidwayUSA Parties will have control of the defense and settlement, at MidwayUSA’s sole option, of any third-party Claims. This indemnity is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other indemnities set forth in a written agreement between you and MidwayUSA or the other MidwayUSA Parties.
8. Disclaimers
We do not control, endorse, or take responsibility for any third-party content available on or linked to by our Services.
Your use of our Services and any content or material provided therein is at your sole risk. Except as otherwise provided in a writing by us and to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, our Services are provided “as is” and “as available” without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. MidwayUSA disclaims all warranties with respect to the foregoing, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement. In addition, MidwayUSA does not represent or warrant that our Services or any MidwayUSA Content are accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. While MidwayUSA attempts to make your access to and use of our Services safe, we cannot and do not represent or warrant that our Services or servers are free of viruses or other harmful components. When you use our Services, you assume the entire risk as to the quality and performance of the Services.
All disclaimers of any kind (including in this section and elsewhere in these Terms) are made for the benefit of MidwayUSA, MidwayUSA Parties, and MidwayUSA’s respective agents, suppliers, and service providers, as well as their respective successors and assigns.
9. Limitation of Liability
(a) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, MidwayUSA and the other MidwayUSA Parties will not be liable to you under any theory of liability—whether based in contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, warranty, or otherwise—for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, punitive, or special damages or lost profits, including relating to your use of or inability to use any products sold through the Services, even if MidwayUSA or the other MidwayUSA Parties have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
(b) In any event, the total liability of MidwayUSA and the other MidwayUSA Parties for any claim arising out of or relating to these Terms or our Services, regardless of the form of the action, is limited to $100 USD.
(c) The limitations set forth in this Section 9 will not limit or exclude liability for the gross negligence, fraud, or intentional misconduct of MidwayUSA or the other MidwayUSA Parties or for any other matters in which liability cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law. Additionally, some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you.
10. Release
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you release MidwayUSA and the other MidwayUSA Parties from responsibility, liability, claims, demands, and/or damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown (including claims of negligence), arising out of or related to the acts or omissions of third parties. If you are a consumer who resides in California, you hereby expressly waive your rights under California Civil Code § 1542, which provides: “A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party.”
11. Transfer and Processing of Data
In order for us to provide our Services, you agree that we may process, transfer, and store information about you in the United States and other countries, where you may not have the same rights and protections as you do under local law.
12. Dispute Resolution; Binding Arbitration
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT REQUIRES YOU AND MIDWAYUSA TO ARBITRATE CERTAIN DISPUTES AND CLAIMS AND LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH WE CAN SEEK RELIEF FROM EACH OTHER. ARBITRATION PRECLUDES YOU AND MIDWAYUSA FROM SUING IN COURT OR HAVING A JURY TRIAL. YOU AND MIDWAYUSA AGREE THAT ARBITRATION WILL BE SOLELY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS A CLASS ARBITRATION, CLASS ACTION, OR ANY OTHER KIND OF REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. MIDWAYUSA AND YOU ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY A JURY.
THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE TERMS OF THIS SECTION ARE INTENDED TO REDUCE THE FINANCIAL BURDENS ASSOCIATED WITH RESOLVING THEIR DISPUTES AND ARE NOT INTENDED TO DELAY ADJUDICATION OF ANY PARTY’S CLAIMS.
FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS BELOW, IN SECTION 12(l), IF YOU WISH TO OPT OUT OF THE REQUIREMENT OF ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS. NO CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS OR ARBITRATIONS ARE ALLOWED UNDER THESE TERMS.
(a)
Claims This Section Applies To
. The dispute resolution and binding arbitration terms in this Section 12 apply to all Claims between you and MidwayUSA. A “Claim” is any dispute, claim, or controversy (excluding those exceptions listed below) between you and MidwayUSA, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, that either party wishes to seek legal recourse for and that arises from or relates to these Terms or the Services, including any privacy or data security claims or claims related to the validity, enforceability, or scope of the arbitration requirement or any portion of it.
(b)
Informal Dispute Resolution Prior to Arbitration
. If you have a Claim against MidwayUSA or if MidwayUSA has a Claim against you, you and MidwayUSA will first attempt to resolve the Claim informally in order to try and resolve the Claim faster and reduce costs for both parties. You and MidwayUSA will make a good-faith effort to negotiate the resolution of any Claim for 30 days, or such longer period as mutually agreed in writing (email suffices) by the parties (the “
Informal Resolution Period
”), from the day either party receives a written notice of a dispute from the other party (a “
Claimant Notice
”) in accordance with these Terms.
You will send any Claimant Notice to MidwayUSA by certified mail addressed to MidwayUSA, Inc., ATTN: Customer Service, 2200 N Route J, Rocheport, MO 65279, or by email to
customerservice@midwayusa.com
. MidwayUSA will send any Claimant Notice to you by certified mail or email using the contact information you have provided to MidwayUSA. The Claimant Notice sent by either party must (i) include the sender’s name, address, email address, and telephone number; (ii) describe the nature and basis of the Claim; and (iii) set forth the specific relief sought.
The Informal Resolution Period is designed to allow the party who has received a Claimant Notice to make a fair, fact-based offer of settlement if it chooses to do so. You or MidwayUSA cannot proceed to arbitration before the end of the Informal Resolution Period. If you or MidwayUSA file a Claim in court or proceed to arbitration without complying with the requirements in this Section 12, including waiting until the conclusion of the Informal Resolution Period, the other party reserves the right to seek relief from a court to enjoin the filing and seek damages from the party that has not followed the requirements in this Section 12 to reimburse it for any arbitration fees and costs already incurred as a foreseeable consequence of that breach.
The statute of limitations and any filing fee deadlines for a Claim will be tolled for the duration of the Informal Resolution Period for that Claim so that the parties can engage in this informal dispute-resolution process.
(c)
Claims Subject to Binding Arbitration; Exceptions
. Except for individual disputes that qualify for small claims court (provided that the small claims court does not permit class or similar representative actions or relief) and any disputes exclusively related to the intellectual property or intellectual property rights of you or MidwayUSA, including any disputes in which you or MidwayUSA seek injunctive or other equitable relief for the alleged unlawful use of your or MidwayUSA’s intellectual property or other infringement of your or MidwayUSA’s intellectual property rights (“
IP Claims
”), all Claims, including Claims that are not related to intellectual property or intellectual property rights but are jointly filed with IP Claims, that are not resolved in accordance with Section 12(b) will be resolved by a neutral arbitrator through final and binding arbitration instead of in a court by a judge or jury. Such Claims include, without limitation, disputes arising out of or relating to interpretation or application of this arbitration provision, including the enforceability, revocability, or validity of the arbitration provision or any portion of the arbitration provision. The arbitrator will have the authority to grant any remedy or relief that would otherwise be available in court.
(d)
Binding Individual Arbitration
. Subject to the terms of this section, Claims may only be settled by binding individual arbitration conducted by National Arbitration and Mediation (“
NAM
”), https://namadr.com, according to the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1, et seq. (“
FAA
”), and according to NAM’s Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures in effect at the time the Claim arose (the “
Rules
”), as modified by these Terms.
If NAM notifies the parties in writing (email suffices) that it is not available to arbitrate any Claim, then that Claim may only be settled by binding individual arbitration conducted by the American Arbitration Association (“
AAA
”), https://www.adr.org. For Claims that must be arbitrated by AAA, if you are a “Consumer,” meaning that you use the Services only for personal, family, or household purposes, the then-current version of the AAA’s Consumer Arbitration Rules are the Rules applicable to Claims between you and MidwayUSA as modified by these Terms. For Claims that must be arbitrated by AAA, if you are not a Consumer, the then-current version of the AAA’s Commercial Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures are the Rules applicable to Claims between you and MidwayUSA as modified by these Terms.
These Terms affect interstate commerce, and the enforceability of this Section 12 will be substantively and procedurally governed by the FAA to the extent permitted by law. As limited by the FAA, these Terms, and the Rules, the arbitrator will have exclusive authority to make all procedural and substantive decisions regarding any Claim and to grant any remedy that would otherwise be available in court, including the power to determine the question of arbitrability. To the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, the arbitrator may only award legal or equitable remedies that are individual to you or MidwayUSA to satisfy one of our individual Claims (that the arbitrator determines are supported by credible relevant evidence).
(e)
Arbitration Procedure and Location
. You or MidwayUSA may initiate arbitration of any Claim not resolved during the Informal Resolution Period by filing a demand for arbitration with NAM in accordance with the Rules (or with AAA in accordance with the Rules if applicable pursuant to Section 12(d)).
Instructions for filing a demand for arbitration with NAM are available on the NAM website or by calling NAM at 800-358-2550, and instructions for filing a demand for arbitration with AAA are available on the AAA website or by calling AAA at 800-778-7879. You will send a copy of any demand for arbitration to MidwayUSA by certified mail addressed to MidwayUSA, Inc., ATTN: Customer Service, 2200 N Route J, Rocheport, MO 65279, or by email to
customerservice@midwayusa.com
. MidwayUSA will send any demand for arbitration to you by certified mail or email using the contact information you have provided to MidwayUSA.
The arbitration will be conducted by a single arbitrator in the English language. You and MidwayUSA both agree that the arbitrator will be bound by these Terms.
For Claims in which the claimant seeks less than USD $10,000, the arbitrator will decide the matter solely based on written submissions, without a formal hearing, unless the arbitrator decides that a formal hearing is necessary. For Claims in which the claimant seeks USD $10,000 or more, or smaller matters in which the arbitrator determines a hearing to be necessary, hearings will be conducted by video or telephone, unless the arbitrator determines an in-person hearing to be necessary. If an in-person hearing is required and you reside in the United States, the hearing will take place in Kansas City, Missouri, unless the arbitrator determines that this would pose a hardship for you, in which case the in-person hearing may be conducted in the claimant’s state and county of residence. If you reside outside the United States, the site of any in-person hearing will be determined by the applicable Rules.
The arbitrator (not a judge or jury) will resolve all Claims in arbitration. Unless you and MidwayUSA agree otherwise, any decision or award will include a written statement stating the decision of each Claim and the basis for the award, including the arbitrator’s essential factual and legal findings and conclusions.
An arbitration award, and any judgment confirming it, applies only to that specific case; it cannot be used or offered as precedent in any other case except to enforce the award itself unless the parties agree prior to issuance of the award. Any arbitration decision or award may be enforced as a final judgment by any court of competent jurisdiction or, if applicable, application may be made to such court for judicial confirmation of any award and an order of enforcement.
(f)
Arbitration Fees
. Each party will be responsible for arbitration fees in accordance with the applicable Rules and these Terms.
(g)
Frivolous or Improper Claims
. To the extent permitted by applicable law, a claimant must pay all costs incurred by the defending party, including any attorneys’ fees, related to a Claim if an arbitrator determines that (i) the Claim was not warranted by existing law or by a nonfrivolous argument or (ii) the Claim was filed in arbitration for any improper purpose, such as to harass the defending party, cause unnecessary delay, or needlessly increase the cost of dispute resolution.
(h)
Offers of Settlement
. Either party may, but is not obligated to, make a written settlement offer for a Claim. If an arbitration decision or award is later issued that is less favorable to a party than the latest written offer of settlement that party did not accept, that party must pay all costs and fees—including arbitration, attorney, and expert fees—incurred by the other party after the written settlement offer was made. The terms of any settlement offer may not be disclosed to an arbitrator until after the arbitrator issues a decision or award on the Claim.
(i)
One Year to Assert Claims
. To the extent permitted by law, any Claim by you or MidwayUSA against the other must be filed within one year after such Claim arises; otherwise, the Claim is permanently barred, which means that you or MidwayUSA will no longer have the right to assert that Claim.
(j)
Confidentiality
. If you or MidwayUSA submits a Claim to arbitration, you and MidwayUSA agree to cooperate to seek from the arbitrator protection for any confidential, proprietary, trade secret, or otherwise sensitive information, documents, testimony, and other materials that might be exchanged or the subject of discovery in the arbitration. You and MidwayUSA agree to seek such protection before any such information, documents, testimony, or materials are exchanged or otherwise become the subject of discovery in the arbitration.
(k)
Coordinated Filings
. If 25 or more Claimant Notices are received by a party that raise similar claims and have the same or coordinated counsel, these will be considered “Coordinated Claims” and will be treated as mass filings or multiple case filings according to the Rules, if and to the extent Coordinated Claims are filed in arbitration as set forth in these Terms. You or MidwayUSA may advise the other of your or MidwayUSA’s belief that Claims are Coordinated Claims, and disputes over whether a Claim meets the definition of “Coordinated Claims” will be decided by the arbitration provider as an administrative matter. To the extent either party is asserting the same Claim as other persons and are represented by common or coordinated counsel, that party waives any objection that the joinder of all such persons is impracticable.
Coordinated Claims may only be filed in arbitration as permitted by the process set forth below. Applicable statutes of limitations will be tolled for Claims asserted in Coordinated Claims from the time a compliant Claimant Notice has been received by a party until these Terms permit such Coordinated Claim to be filed in arbitration or court.
Initial Bellwether
: The bellwether process set forth in this Section 12 will not proceed until counsel representing the Coordinated Claims has advised the other party in writing (email suffices) that all or substantially all the Claimant Notices for the Coordinated Claims have been provided.
After that point, counsel for the parties will select 30 Coordinated Claims to proceed in arbitration as a bellwether to allow each side to test the merits of its arguments. Each side will select 15 claimants who have provided compliant Claimant Notices for this purpose, and only those chosen cases may be filed with the arbitration provider. The parties acknowledge that resolution of some Coordinated Claims will be delayed by this bellwether process. Any remaining Coordinated Claims shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those Claims, unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as set out in this Section 12(k).
A single arbitrator will preside over each Coordinated Claim chosen for a bellwether proceeding, and only one Coordinated Claim may be assigned to each arbitrator as part of a bellwether process unless the parties agree otherwise.
Mediation
: Once the arbitrations that are part of the bellwether process have concluded (or sooner if the claimants and the other party agree), counsel for the parties must engage in a single mediation of all remaining Coordinated Claims, with the mediator’s fee paid for by MidwayUSA. Counsel for the claimants and the other party must agree on a mediator within 30 days after the conclusion of the last bellwether arbitration. If counsel for the claimants and the other party cannot agree on a mediator within 30 days, the arbitration provider will appoint a mediator as an administrative matter. All parties will cooperate for the purpose of ensuring that the mediation is scheduled as quickly as practicable after the mediator is appointed.
Remaining Claims
: If the mediation process concludes with 100 or more unresolved Coordinated Claims remaining, any party to a remaining Coordinated Claim may elect to no longer have the arbitration requirement in this Section 12 apply to all remaining Coordinated Claims for which a compliant Claimant Notice was received by the other party but that were not resolved in the bellwether process or global mediation. To be effective, such an election must be communicated in writing (email suffices) to counsel for the opposing party within 30 days of mediation concluding. Coordinated Claims released from the arbitration requirement must be resolved in accordance with this Section 12.
If the mediation process concludes with fewer than 100 Coordinated Claims remaining or if no party makes a timely election as provided for in the previous paragraph, the arbitrator will randomly select 50 Coordinated Claims (or the total remaining amount if less than 50) to proceed in arbitration as a second batch. The arbitrator will randomly select eligible claimants who have provided compliant Claimant Notices for this purpose, and only those chosen cases may be filed with the arbitration provider. Once all arbitrations in the foregoing process are complete, the parties will repeat this process until all Coordinated Claims have been arbitrated.
If Coordinated Claims released from the arbitration requirement are brought in court, claimants may seek class treatment, but to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, the classes sought may comprise only the claimants in Coordinated Claims for which a compliant Claimant Notice was received by the other party. Any party may contest class certification at any stage of the litigation and on any available basis.
A court will have authority to enforce the bellwether and mediation processes defined in this Section 12 and may enjoin the filing of lawsuits or arbitration demands not made in compliance with it.
(l)
Opting Out of Arbitration
. You have the right to opt out of binding arbitration within 30 days of the date you first accepted these Terms by emailing
customerservice@midwayusa.com
. To be effective, the opt-out notice must include your full name, mailing address, and email address. The notice must also clearly indicate your intent to opt out of binding arbitration in order to be valid. By opting out of binding arbitration, you are agreeing to resolve disputes in accordance with this Section 12.
(m)
Rejection of Future Arbitration Changes
. You may reject any change we make to this Section 12 (except address changes) by sending us notice of your rejection within 30 days of the change via email at
customerservice@midwayusa.com
. Changes to this Section 12 may only be rejected as a whole, and you may not reject only certain changes to this Section 12. If you reject changes made to this Section 12, the most recent version of this Section 12 that you have not rejected will continue to apply.
(n)
Severability
. If any portion of this Section 12 is found to be unenforceable or unlawful for any reason, including but not limited to because it is found to be unconscionable, (i) the unenforceable or unlawful provision will be severed from these Terms; (ii) severance of the unenforceable or unlawful provision will have no impact whatsoever on the remainder of this Section 12 or the parties’ ability to compel arbitration of any remaining Claims on an individual basis pursuant to this Section 12; and (iii) to the extent that any Claims must therefore proceed on a class, collective, consolidated, or representative basis, such Claims must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction, in accordance with these Terms, and not in arbitration. The litigation of those Claims will be stayed pending the outcome of any individual Claims in arbitration. Further, if any part of this Section 12 is found to prohibit an individual Claim seeking public injunctive relief, that provision will have no effect to the extent such relief is allowed to be sought out of arbitration, and the remainder of this Section 12 will be enforceable.
13. Governing Law and Venue
Any dispute arising from these Terms and your access to and use of our Services will be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of Missouri, except to the extent preempted by U.S. federal law, without regard to conflict of law rules or principles (whether of Missouri or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. If any Claim is not subject to arbitration pursuant to Section 12, then the state and federal courts located in Kansas City, Missouri, will have exclusive jurisdiction. You and MidwayUSA waive any objection to venue in such courts. If your local law requires that consumer contracts be interpreted subject to local law and enforced in the courts of that jurisdiction, this Section 13 may not apply to you only to the extent that local law conflicts with this Section 13.
14. Modifying and Terminating Our Services
We reserve the right to modify our Services or to suspend or stop providing all or portions of our Services at any time. We may provide you with notice in advance of the suspension or discontinuation of all or part of our Services, such as by sending an email or providing a notice through our Services. All modifications and additions to the Services will be governed by these Terms or the Supplemental Terms, unless otherwise expressly stated by MidwayUSA in writing. You also have the right to stop using our Services at any time and you may terminate these Terms by ceasing use of our Services. We are not responsible for any loss or harm related to your inability to access or use our Services.
15. Severability
If any provision or part of a provision of these Terms, other than Section 12, is found to be unenforceable or unlawful for any reason, including but not limited to because it is found to be unconscionable, (a) the unenforceable or unlawful provision will be severed from these Terms; (b) severance of the unenforceable or unlawful provision will have no impact whatsoever on the remainder of these Terms; and (c) the unenforceable or unlawful provision may be revised to the extent required to render these Terms enforceable or valid, and the rights and responsibilities of the parties will be interpreted and enforced accordingly, so as to preserve these Terms and the intent of these Terms to the fullest possible extent.
16. Miscellaneous
(a) The failure of MidwayUSA to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms reflect the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements, representations, statements, and understandings of the parties. The section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. Use of the word “including” will be interpreted to mean “including without limitation.” Except as otherwise provided herein, these Terms are intended solely for the benefit of the parties and are not intended to confer third-party beneficiary rights upon any other person or entity. You agree that communications and transactions between us may be conducted electronically.
(b) “GLOCK” is a federally registered trademark of GLOCK, Inc., and is one of many trademarks owned by GLOCK, Inc., or GLOCK Ges.m.b.H. Neither MidwayUSA nor this site is affiliated in any manner with, or otherwise endorsed by, GLOCK, Inc., or GLOCK Ges.m.b.H. The use of “GLOCK” on our Services is merely to advertise the sale of GLOCK pistols, parts, or components. For genuine GLOCK, Inc., and GLOCK Ges.m.b.H products and parts, visit
www.glock.com
.
Need Additional Help?
Chat, call or send a message to our team, and we’ll get back to you as soon as possible.
Live Customer Support is currently unavailable.
Send Us an Email
Send Email
Customer Service Hours
Available 7 Days a Week:
8:05
a.m. -
4:30
p.m. CT
Holidays Closed:
New Year's Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day
Send Us an Email
Send us a message anytime, and we'll get back to you as soon as possible.
First Name
Email Address
How may we help you?
Please include as much information as possible. For example, include invoice number if asking about an order, product number and name if asking about a product, web browser and page address if asking about our website, etc.
Send Message
MidwayUSA Footer
Order Info
My Orders
Shipping
Returns Policy
Backorder Policy
Curbside Order Pickup
Credova Financing
Services
Holster Finder
FFL Finder
Rebates
FFL Dealer Program
Prospective Suppliers
Resources
Knowledge Center
Rewards Program
Silencers
Interest Hub
Online Flyer
Video Library
Gun Safety Videos
How-to Guides
Free Targets
About MidwayUSA
Why Shop with MidwayUSA
About Us
Company History
Careers
Company News
Larry's Short Stories
Conservation Support
MidwayUSA Gift Certificates
Buy Now
Help Center
Customer Service Hours
7 Days a Week,
8:05
a.m. -
4:30
p.m. CT
Holiday Hours
Customer Service is unavailable:
New Year's Day
Memorial Day
Independence Day
Labor Day
Thanksgiving Day
Christmas Day
Some Reasons to Shop MidwayUSA
Why Shop With MidwayUSA
Shipping Charges & Options
2024 Bizrate Platinum Winner (opens in new window)
Three time Malcolm Baldrige Quality Award Winner
A+ Rated by Better Business Bureau
digicert verified SSL Seal (opens in new window)
MidwayUSA Company History
Your Privacy Choices
Terms of Service
Terms of Sale
SMS Terms & Conditions
Website Accessibility
Full Store Directory
©2026 MidwayUSA. All rights reserved.