Terms and Conditions | MyCPL
Skip to Content
Terms and Conditions
Website Use Terms and Conditions
Welcome to?Minnesota State’s MyCPL. This website is used to develop and submit college credit petition requests to
Minnesota State
colleges and universities that may award credit. This website will distribute information to the college or university of your selection. By using this service, you are agreeing to the terms and conditions below.
Your Account / Registration
Access to the services provided through the MyCPL website requires the use of your Minnesota State StarID.  The StarID is a username that provides students with one ID and one password, for many Minnesota State colleges and university resources.  At the time of application, students are automatically assigned a
StarID
. If you are not enrolled, a StarID can be obtained by starting an
Online Application
. Once you have received your StarID and password, you will be able to log in to the website. You are responsible for the confidentiality of your StarID and password used to access the MyCPL website.
Fees and Payment
The cost for each credit petition is determined by the Minnesota State college or university which would be awarding the credit. This fee will be collected prior to the creation of each petition request. This fee covers costs associated with petition review and does not guarantee that any credits will be awarded. No physical product is delivered as part of this fee. This fee is nonrefundable.
Information Collection, Use and Sharing
Through your voluntary creation of the intake form and beginning the credit petition request process, the MyCPL website collects information about you. This information includes, but is not limited to, your personal address, telephone contacts, email address, work history, educational history, etc.
You may update your petition information as necessary. Throughout the petition process, information within a petition may be locked and restricted for editing. Information collected through this website will be retained in accordance with the Minnesota Government Data Practices Act.
Information provided through this website will be made available to appropriate credit petition representatives at the Minnesota State college or university you select in the petition process.  MyCPL will use your data for the following purposes: 1) to process your request; 2) to follow up on your progress completing the request; 3) for internal business purposes as allowed by law; and not for any other purpose unless required by law or Minnesota State college or university policy. MyCPL may retain your data in accordance with an applicable records retention obligation or other legal obligation, or at your request.
You have the right to ask for corrections to your data as set forth in Minnesota Statutes § 13.04 Subd. 3. You have the right to avail yourself of the dispute procedures set forth in Minnesota Statutes § 13.08 concerning your data. If you have questions about access to your data, the college or university can refer you to its Data Practice Compliance Official.
If you are a resident of the European Union, you may have additional rights as set forth in Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Council of Europe, the General Data Protection Regulation. College/university will use commercially reasonable efforts to accommodate those rights to the extent those rights do not conflict with the college/university’s obligations under state and federal law.
This document is available in alternative formats to individuals with disabilities. To request an alternate format, contact Human Resources at 651-201-1664. Individuals with hearing or speech disabilities may contact us via their preferred Telecommunications Relay Service.
Minnesota State is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer and educator.
Minnesota State Colleges and Universities abide by the provisions of Title IX and other federal and state laws forbidding discrimination on the basis of sex, race, color, national origin or handicap and all other state and federal laws regarding equal opportunity.
Security
All use of this website that includes the transmission of your personal data is encrypted through the HTTPS standards. Information stored on MyCPL systems is only made available to technical employees on a need-to-know basis in order to perform system maintenance duties. The computers on which MyCPL systems are operated are stored and maintained in a secure environment.
Web Browser Cookies
The MyCPL website utilizes web browser cookies to improve your use of this service. Cookies are commonly used to help improve the experience for repeating visitors to a website. We will not store personally identifiable information in cookies used for this website. Blocking cookies in a browser may have a negative impact on the use of this website.
All Rights Reserved. Powered by
AcademyOne, Inc.
Site Map
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
MyCPL is brought to you by Minnesota State.