Terms of Use | Missouri Department of Conservation
Skip to main content
Terms of Use
Body
The Missouri Department of Conservation provides these web pages as a public service. The information contained in this website is dynamic and will change over time. Also, the information, data, and related graphics on this website are not legal documents, and we do not intend them to be used as such.
Permission to Use
You may not reproduce this site's text, images, or videos without the Department’s written permission. Use our
Contact Form
to request permission to republish or reproduce specific text, images, and videos from this site. Images (photos, illustrations, graphics, etc.) in our Media Gallery indicate whether we have rights to share them. If you're interested in an image that displays "Use of this image is restricted to the Missouri Department of Conservation only," we can't give you permission to use it.
Please use the appropriate byline/photo/image credits with permitted text, images, and videos. Examples follow.
Missouri Conservationist
magazine article example: "
Home Sweet Home
by David Stonner was first published in the April 2014 edition of the
Missouri Conservationist,
and it appears here courtesy of the Missouri Department of Conservation."
Images example: "
Purple Martins Nest
photo by David Stonner, courtesy Missouri Department of Conservation"
Videos example:
Black Bears — Winter Dens
video courtesy Missouri Department of Conservation
Linking to other sites
The Missouri Department of Conservation will only link to the following kinds of external websites:
Local, state, or federal educational institutions or agencies
Standard, recognized reference sites
Nonprofit organizations involved in joint ventures with the Missouri Department of Conservation
Commercial news organization airing Missouri Department of Conservation programs or conservation-related information relevant to Missouri
Creating links to the Missouri Department of Conservation website
Links may be made to any documents on the Missouri Department of Conservation website subject to the following conditions:
Images, articles, and abstracts included in all documents may not be incorporated into a non-Missouri Department of Conservation Web document in such a way that the origin of the image, article, or abstract cannot be determined.
Images, articles, and abstracts included in all documents may not be incorporated into a non-Missouri Department of Conservation Web document within frames so that advertisements or other navigation can be associated with the image, article, or abstract.
Off-site links
The Missouri Department of Conservation website may display links to web pages that are not part of its website. These sites are not under Missouri Department of Conservation control, and Missouri Department of Conservation is not responsible for the information or links you may find there. These links are provided only as a convenience. The presence of these links is not intended to imply endorsement of that site, but to provide a convenient link to relevant sites that are managed by other organizations, companies, or people.
Non-endorsement
Any references herein to any organizations, specific commercial products, processes, or services by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise do not constitute or imply its endorsement or recommendation by the Missouri Department of Conservation.
Americans With Disabilities Act
In conformance with the Americans With Disabilities Act, the Missouri Department of Conservation makes every effort to provide equally effective services for persons with disabilities. Those with disabilities may request reasonable accommodations to Missouri Department of Conservation programs and activities and access to public facilities. Please call the Missouri Department of Conservation's Americans with Disabilities Act coordinator at 1-800-735-2966 (TTY) or email
Chad.John@mdc.mo.gov
.
Visit
Places To Go
to find accessible conservation area facilities.
Equal Opportunity Statement
The Missouri Department of Conservation recognizes and respects all rights of its citizens including those of any Indigenous Peoples. Equal opportunity to participate in and benefit from programs of the Missouri Department of Conservation is available to all individuals without regard to their race, color, nationality, sex, age, or disability. Questions should be directed to the Missouri Department of Conservation, P.O. Box 180, Jefferson City, MO 65102, 573-751-4115 (voice), or 1-800-735-2966 (TTY), or to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Division of Federal Assistance, 4401 N. Fairfax Drive, Mail Stop: MBSP-4020, Arlington, VA 22203.
Responding to Requests and Comments
When you send us personal identifying information via email (that is, in a message containing a question or comment, or by filling out a form that emails us this information), we use it to respond to your requests. We may forward your email to other Missouri Department of Conservation employees who are better able to answer your questions.
Liability
Missouri Department of Conservation and its employees expressly disclaim any responsibility or liability for any damage, loss, or injury arising out of the following:
Your access or inability to access this site
Your purchase of use of the goods or services from this site
The goods or services offered or the content displayed on this site
Further, the Missouri Department of Conservation and its employees expressly disclaim any responsibility or liability for any damage, loss or injury arising out of the accuracy, reliability, or completeness of the data described and/or contained within this website and shall not be held liable for improper or incorrect use.
It is the responsibility of the data user to use the data appropriately and consistent with these limitations.
+ see more
- show less