Terms & Conditions
Moovit Terms of Service

Last Updated: May 4, 2025

Moovit App Global Ltd. (“Moovit”, “we”, or “our”) welcomes you (the “User”, “you”, or “your”) to our website(s) at https://moovit.com and/or https://moovit.com/developers/ and any additional websites owned and operated by Moovit (the “Site”) and to our downloadable mobile application (the “App”) and related public transportation information services (collectively referred to as the “Service”, as further detailed below).

By entering, connecting to, accessing or using the Service, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the following terms of Service, including the terms of our privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) available at: https://moovit.com/legals/privacy-policy/ (collectively, the “Terms”) and you agree to be bound by them and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations regarding your use of the Service and you acknowledge that these Terms constitute a binding and enforceable legal contract between Moovit and you. These Terms are a legally binding contract between you and Moovit regarding your use of the Service.

You may choose to use additional services, provided by Moovit, which are subject to supplemental terms of Service, in such case such additional terms shall be considered as part of these Terms:

a.  Moovit Safe Ride services – enables you to share live information about your rides, subject to the Moovit Safe Ride Terms of Service, available at: https://moovit.com/legals/saferide-terms/.

b.  Ticketing Service – In some cities, Moovit may offer a Third Party Service of in-app purchasing of public transit tickets, subject to the Moovit Ticketing Terms of Service available at:

https://moovit.com/legals/ticketing-terms/.

c.   Transit on Demand – in some cities, Moovit may offer a Third Party Service of transportation-on-demand services, subject to the Moovit Transit on Demand Terms of Service, available at: https://moovit.com/legals/tod-terms/.

Dedicated Platforms for Editors and Developer – enabling Users to contribute information and data to Moovit and the Moovit User’s community, available at https://editor.moovitapp.com, and the Moovit Developers Portal enabling mobile application or website developers embed or connect to the Moovit Service at https://moovit.com/developers/, subject to additional terms of Service. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT CONNECT, ACCESS, DOWNLOAD, OR USE THE SERVICE IN ANY MANNER.

By acceptance of the Terms, you represent that all information you provide us through the Service is true and accurate. The provision of any false or fraudulent information is strictly prohibited.

You further consent to receive communications from us electronically. We may communicate with you in a variety of ways, such as by e-mail, text messages, in-app push notifications, or by notices and messages on the Site. You may revoke your consent to any individually targeted communications at any time. Please note that you may still receive notifications and messages from Moovit related to the operation of the Service

1.               Moovit Service

PLEASE NOTE: THE APP AND THE SITE MAKE USE OF DETAILED LOCATION, ROUTE INFORMATION, TRIP PLANNING, AND DECISION-MAKING PROCESSES (FOR EXAMPLE: YOUR CHOICE BETWEEN OPTIONAL ROUTES AND OPTIONAL MODES OF TRANSPORT), INCLUDING IN THE FORM OF GPS SIGNALS AND OTHER INFORMATION SENT BY YOUR MOBILE DEVICE ON WHICH THE SERVICE IS ACTIVATED. CERTAIN FEATURES OF THE SERVICE CANNOT BE PROVIDED WITHOUT THIS TECHNOLOGY.
THIS IS DESCRIBED IN FURTHER DETAIL IN THE MOOVIT PRIVACY POLICY: https://moovit.com/legals/privacy-policy/.

Moovit provides Users with a mobile application platform and web services enabling Users to plan and optimize public transportation trips. The Service also incorporates, inter alia: (a) providing Users with public transit related information, including live, offline and online map information, line and station views, routing, public transportation vehicles movement information, live arrivals and departures, estimated times of arrival and service alerts; (b) relevant information from transit agencies in Moovit-supported cities including location of transit stops, name of transit agency, timetable and frequency of transit routes, delivers transit-related alerts and User advisories, as well as information regarding points of interest in the vicinity; and (c) a dedicated platform for contribution of transit related data and information, including real-time and other user generated crowd sourced data and information, as well as data from other transit related services and other alternative transportation methods, all in order to assist Users to plan and optimize transportation trips. (together, the “Public Transit Information”). All Public Transit Information shall be considered as a part of Third Party Services (as defined below) made available in connection with the Service.

Moovit also integrates, provides, and collaborates with various third party providers to provide additional transit and transit-related services, including on-demand transit services such as taxi-ride platforms and service providers, public bike-sharing services, car-on-demand rental services, and related payment services. As part of the Public Transit Information Moovit also delivers to Users information about such third-party transit-related services. Moovit continuously updates its Service with new offerings of new transportation means and transit related services and features, some of which may be experimental and/or offered in limited locations.

Your use of the additional transit and transit-related services, including on-demand transit services, is subject to the terms of use of the third parties that provide such services.

PLEASE NOTE: MOOVIT COLLABORATES WITH AND PROVIDES INFORMATION ON THIRD PARTY TRANSIT SERVICES PROVIDERS VIA THE SERVICE. SUCH THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS ARE INDEPENDENT FROM THE SERVICE AND MOOVIT IS IN NO WAY RESPONSIBLE FOR, LIABLE FOR, NOR MAKES ANY REPRESENTATIONS ON BEHALF OF, SUCH THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS, INCLUDING FOR THE AVAILABILITY THEREOF AS PART OF THE SERVICE. YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT MOOVIT SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FOR ANY DAMAGE OR LOSS WHATSOEVER CAUSED, OR ALLEGED TO BE CAUSED, BY OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF OR RELIANCE ON OR THE ABSENCE OF ANY GOODS, SERVICES, CONTENT, PRODUCTS, OR OTHER MATERIALS AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH ANY THIRD PARTY SERVICES.

2.       Accounts

You may, in your discretion, choose to create an account with Moovit using your name, phone number email and other information as may be required (“User Account”). Creating a User Account is not necessary for the use of the Service, except that it might be required in order to enjoy specific features and Third Party Services of the Service, such as Ticketing Service.

Creating a User Account will allow you to retrieve (e.g. when downloading the App on a different device) information collected through the use of the Services, including: home address, office address or other favorite destinations, public transportation lines and stations and/or routes you may have saved, and information related to your use of Third Party Services(“User Information”). Moovit’s collection and use of your User Information as well as additional information about your travel habits which Moovit may collect, as set forth and subject to the Moovit’s Privacy Policy available at: https://moovit.com/legals/privacy-policy/.

You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your User Account. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your User Account. If you have reason to believe that your User Account is no longer secure, then you must immediately notify us at support@moovit.com and the relevant service provider.

3.       Eligibility

You must be at least sixteen (16) years of age to use the Service. By agreeing to these Terms, you represent and warrant to us: (i) that you are at least sixteen (16) years of age; and (ii) if the User of the Service is under the age of sixteen (16) or is under the age of legal eligibility and capacity in the jurisdiction applicable to such User you hereby confirm that you are the legal guardian of the User and both you and the User have read and agreed to these Terms and approved of the User’s continued use of the Service subject to these Terms; (iii) that you have not previously been suspended or removed from the Service;
and (iii) that your use of the Service is in compliance with any and all applicable laws and regulations. If you are using the Service on behalf of an entity, organization, or company, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind such organization to these Terms and you agree to be bound by these Terms on behalf of such organization.

 

 

4.       User Representations and Undertakings

You represent and warrant at all times throughout your use of the Site and/or App that: (i) you have full authority to agree to these Terms, and there is no restriction, limitation, contractual obligation or statutory obligation which prevents it from fulfilling its obligation under this Agreement; (ii) you are and will continue to be in compliance with all applicable laws, rules, and governmental (state, local, and community) and regulatory levies and requirements relating to it and the Service; (iii) your use of the Service has not been previously blocked, suspended or terminated; (iv) you do not authorize a third party to do any of the foregoing; and (v) you will not infringe or violate any of the Terms.

5.       Use Restrictions

There are certain conducts, which are strictly prohibited on and/or with respect to the Site and/or App. Your failure to comply with the provisions set forth below may result (at Moovit’s sole discretion) in the termination or suspension of your access to the Site and/or App and may also expose you to civil and/or criminal liability.

You may not, whether by yourself or anyone on your behalf: (i) copy, modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Service (or any part thereof); (ii) use the Service and/or in connection with any spam, unsolicited mail, harassment, wire fraud or similar conduct; (iii) interfere with or violate any other User or other third party’s right to privacy or other rights including intellectual property rights, or harvest or collect personally identifiable information about any Users of the Service without their express consent, including using any robot, spider, AI, site search or retrieval application, or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, or data-mine; (iv) defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten, or otherwise violate the legal rights of others; (v) transmit or otherwise make available in connection with the Service any virus, worm, Trojan Horse, time bomb, web bug, spyware, or any other computer code, file, or program that may or is intended to damage or hijack the operation of any hardware, software, or telecommunications equipment, or any other actually or potentially harmful, disruptive, or invasive code or component; (vi) interfere with or disrupt the operation of the Service, or the servers or networks that host the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies, or regulations of such servers or networks; (vii) sell, license, or exploit for any commercial purposes any use of or access to the Service; (viii) frame or mirror any part of this Site without Moovit’s prior express written authorization; (iv) create a database by systematically downloading and storing all or any of the content from the Service; (x) impersonate any person or entity or provide false or misleading personal information; (xi) use the Service for any illegal, immoral or unauthorized purpose; (xii) use the Service for non-personal or commercial purposes without Moovit’s express prior written consent.

6.       User Generated Content

Certain features of the Service may permit Users to post and edit content, nickname, map data, transit related data, text, photos, report data gaps or errors and other types of works (collectively, “User Content”) and to publish User Content on the Service. Please ensure that when you use the Service, you respect the rights of others including any intellectual property, other proprietary rights, and privacy rights of third parties who may have an interest or right in connection with the User Content you upload and/or provide to the Moovit or the Service. Moovit will not bear any liability for any loss, damage, cost, or expense that you may suffer or incur as a result of or in connection with uploading any User Content. Some User Content may only be contributed by you if you have created a User Account.

You hereby further acknowledge and agree that the User Content is non-confidential. You understand and agree that you are solely responsible for your User Content and the consequences of posting or publishing such User Content, on the Service, in any way. You hereby warrant that your User Content is true, current, accurate, and complete.

You represent and warrant that you are the rightful owner of the User Content you upload to the Service or that you have (and will continue to have) all the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions from the rightful owners of such User Content and/or the subjects of such User Content (e.g. individuals appearing in any photos uploaded by the User, if such subjects’ consent is required under applicable laws) and that such User Content does not infringe any third party’s intellectual property rights or other rights, including without limitation, any privacy rights, publicity rights, or copyrights.

IT IS THE USER’S SOLE RESPONSIBILITY TO OBTAIN ANY AND ALL CONSENTS REQUIRED UNDER ANY APPLICABLE LAWS, REGARDING THE POSTING OF ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION OF OTHERS WHICH IS PART OF THE USER CONTENT, INCLUDING WITH RESPECT TO THE UPLOADING OF ANY PHOTOS AND TO ADHERE TO ANY APPLICABLE STATE AND FEDERAL LAWS REGARDING SUCH INFORMATION.

Without derogating from the above, you expressly agree that the User Content that you post or upload will not include: (i) any spam, unsolicited promotions, advertising, contests or raffles; (ii) content which is unlawful, defamatory, libelous, harassing, offensive, indecent, pornographic, sexual, violent, abusive, fraudulent, threatening or vulgar; (iii) content that unlawfully discriminates on the basis of race, origin, ethnicity, nationality, religion, gender, occupation, sexual orientation, illness, physical or mental disability, faith, political view or socio-economical class; (iv) content that encourages criminal behavior or conduct that would constitute a criminal offense under any law, or could give rise to civil liability or other lawsuit; or (v) content that might reasonably pose a risk to a person’s safety, security or health. The above examples of unlawful and prohibited User Content do not constitute an exhaustive list.

Moovit is under no obligation to edit or control User Content that you or other Users post or publish and will not be in any way responsible or liable for User Content. Although Moovit has no obligation to screen, edit or monitor any of the User Content, Moovit explicitly reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to remove, edit, or block without giving any prior notice, any User Content available on the Service at any time and for any reason, and you are solely responsible for creating backup copies of and replacing any User Content you post on the Service at your sole expense.

If notified by a User or content owner that User Content allegedly does not conform to these Terms, we may investigate the allegation and determine in our sole discretion whether to remove the User Content, which we reserve the right to do at any time and without notice. For clarity, Moovit does not permit copyright-infringing activities on the Service.

When you upload, post, publish or make available any User Content on the Service, you grant to (i) Moovit an irrevocable, perpetual, nonexclusive, royalty-free, transferable, assignable, fully sub-licensable and worldwide license, to use, reproduce, distribute, transmit, create derivative works of, display, copy, make available to the public and perform that User Content, along with the User Contacts that you submit in connection with such User Content, in connection with the Service, whether through the internet, mobile devices or otherwise, in any media formats and through any media channels known today and developed in the future; and (ii) each User of the Service has a nonexclusive and royalty-free license to access your User Content through the Service and to use such User Content for personal and noncommercial purposes. Moovit shall not bear any liability for any use by any third party of the User Content. In addition, you hereby explicitly waive any moral right you may have in and to the User Content and forever waive and agree not to claim or assert any entitlement to any and all moral rights in any of the User Content.

You acknowledge and understand that Moovit may, at its sole discretion, delete or remove any of your User Content made available on the Service. You are solely responsible for the storage of your User Content.

7.       Feedback

In the event that User provides Moovit with any suggestions, comments, or other feedback relating to Site, Service and/or Public Transit Information (collectively, “Feedback”), such Feedback is deemed at the incipiency the sole and exclusive property of Moovit and User hereby irrevocably assigns to Moovit all of its rights, title, and interest in and to all Feedback, if any, and waives any moral rights to it (or anyone on its behalf) may have in such Feedback. Without derogating from the foregoing, User hereby represents and warrants that it shall not provide any Feedback which is subject to any third-party rights or any limitations, and, without derogating from the foregoing, shall promptly inform Moovit as soon as it becomes aware of any third party right or limitation which may apply to Feedback already provided.

8.       Privacy Policy

Moovit respects your privacy and is committed to protect the information you share with it. Our policy and practices and the type of information collected are described in our Privacy Policy available at: https://moovit.com/legals/privacy-policy/. If you intend to connect to, access or use our Service you must first read and agree to the Privacy Policy.

9.       Intellectual Property Rights

The Service, the User Content, the design, logos, graphics, icons, images, as well as the selection, assembly and arrangement thereof, Moovit’s proprietary software, algorithms and any and all intellectual property rights pertaining thereto, including, without limitation, inventions, patents and patent applications, trademarks, trade names, logos, copyrightable materials, graphics, text, images, designs (including the “look and feel” of the Service and any part thereof), specifications, methods, procedures, information, know-how, data, technical data, interactive features, source and object code, files, interface, GUI and trade secrets, whether or not registered and/or capable of being registered (collectively, “Intellectual Property”), are owned and/or licensed to Moovit, and are subject to copyright and other applicable intellectual property rights under US laws, Israeli laws, foreign laws, and international conventions. You may not copy, distribute, display, execute publicly, make available to the public, emulate, reduce to human readable form, decompile, disassemble, adapt, sublicense, make any commercial use, sell, rent, lend, process, compile, reverse engineer, combine with other software, translate, modify, or create derivative works of any material that is subject to Moovit’s proprietary rights, including Moovit’s Intellectual Property, either by yourself or by anyone on your behalf, in any way or by any means, unless expressly permitted in these Terms.

All logos and other proprietary identifiers used by Moovit in connection with the Service, (“Moovit Trademarks”) are all trademarks and/or trade names of Moovit, whether or not registered. All other third-party trademarks, service marks, trade names, and logos which may appear on or with respect to the Service belong to their respective owners (“Third Party Marks”). No right, license, or interest to Moovit Trademarks and/or to the Third Party Marks is granted hereunder, and you agree that no such right, license, or interest shall be asserted by you with respect to Moovit Trademarks or the Third Party Marks and therefore you will avoid using any of those marks, unless expressly permitted herein.

You are hereby prohibited from removing or deleting any and all copyright notices, restrictions and signs indicating proprietary rights of Moovit and/or its licensors, including copyright mark [©] or trademark [® or ™] contained in or accompanying the Service, and you represent and warrant that you will abide by all applicable laws in this respect. You are further prohibited from using, diluting, or staining any name, mark or logo that is identical, or confusingly similar to any of Moovit’s marks and logos, whether registered or not.

10.       Carbon Rights

Moovit is promoting sustainability by encouraging usage of low carbon-emission public transportation. Each ride on public transportation, using Moovit, contributes to carbon emission reduction. Using recognized methodologies Moovit estimates the carbon emissions reduced though your sustainable public transportation trips. Those carbon emission reductions translate into “Carbon Rights” (as defined below) which can be commercialized, and used to support projects or initiatives aligned with global sustainability goals.

You acknowledge and agree that as between you and Moovit: (i) Moovit is, and shall be, the sole and exclusive owner of all right, title, and interest in and to all rights arising from or relating to environmental and climate change impacts (such as, without limitation, avoidance, reduction, removal, limitation, sequestration, or mitigation of any greenhouse gas relative to relevant baseline) associated with, derived, produced, created, generated, or accrued through your use of the Service, your User Account, or through Moovit’s use and on-going collection and processing of any User Content, information connected to your user ID, or any information collected under the terms of Moovit’s Privacy Policy at: 
https://moovit.com/legals/privacy-policy/, under any carbon accounting methodology or standard, including, without limitation, any carbon credits, or other environmental attributes or benefits created or developed from these rights (“Carbon Rights”); (ii) you hereby agree to assign and transfer any and all right, title, and interest in and to the Carbon Rights to Moovit as consideration for your use of the Service and expressly waive any claim, right, or interest, whether present or future, in and to any such Carbon Rights; and (iii) Moovit shall have the exclusive right, at its sole discretion, to use, register, develop, transfer, transact, commercialize, monetize, sell, trade, leverage, or otherwise derive revenue or other remuneration from any of the Carbon Rights for any legal purpose, including environmental sustainability initiatives, carbon offset programs, and any domestic and international programs relating to the markets mechanisms under Article 6 of the UNFCCC Paris Agreement, and Moovit will not be required to make any payment to you for Carbon Rights.

In certain territories, we may display within the app estimated carbon emissions associated with your trip. For example, you may see text such as "CO₂e 1.113 oz." The "e" in “CO₂e” stands for "carbon dioxide equivalent" which reflects a standardized measure of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.

These estimates are calculated based on the estimated transportation intensity of your trip, which takes into account the distance traveled and the emission factors associated with the modes of transport used. The calculations are based on transportation and environmental data, which may include publicly available data sourced from governmental or authorized agencies. For trips within the United States, such sources may include the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), among others.

These carbon estimates are provided for general awareness informational purposes only and should not be relied upon as precise or comprehensive. The underlying data sources and methodology may be subject to updates or changes from time to time. This data may be used to calculate the Carbon Right; however, it does not necessarily reflect the final calculation of the Carbon Rights or any carbon credits associated with your trip.

 

11.   Third Party Services

The Service may integrate or be linked to or through certain third-party websites and other services data, or information, including third-party data services (collectively, “Third Party Services”). Such Third Party Services are independent from the Service. You hereby acknowledge that Moovit has no control over such Third Party Services, and further acknowledge and agree that Moovit is not responsible for the availability of Third Party Services, and does not endorse nor is it responsible or liable for any goods, services, content, advertisements, products, or any materials available on and/or through such Third Party Services. Some Service features may be dependent upon the availability of Third Party Services, such as real-time data services, in your location. Moovit does not guarantee that features dependent upon the availability of Third Party Services will be available at all times, at all locations, or to all Users of the Service.

You further acknowledge and agree that Moovit shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss whatsoever caused, or alleged to be caused, by or in connection with use of, reliance on, or the absence of any goods, services, content, products, or other materials available on or through any Third Party Services. Third Party Services may provide legal documents, including terms of use and privacy policy, governing the use of each such Third Party Services, their content, and services. We strongly encourage you to read these legal documents carefully before using any such Third Party Services.

Chatbot and AI Services. As a part of the Third Party Services, Moovit may make available interactive forms of communication with a bot, chatbot, virtual assistant, or other non-human intelligence (“Chatbot”) for the purpose of providing trip planning assistance or other information in connection with the Service. When engaging with a Chatbot, be advised that chats will be monitored, reviewed, and retained. Moovit may use your interactions with the Chatbot in order to help us analyze, develop, and improve our products, and services. Any information shared with Moovit when using a Chatbot will be considered as User Content and any personal information you provide will be subject to Moovit’s Privacy Policy. The Chatbot, including all outputs, content on, or services available through the Chatbot, is provided on an ‘AS IS’ basis and Moovit makes no representation and gives no warranty in respect of the Chatbot or any of its content or features. The Chatbot has limited capacity and may not be able to answer every question or provide the information that you are seeking. Factual assertions in the outputs of the Chatbot should not be relied upon without independently checking their accuracy, as they may be false, incomplete, misleading, or not reflective of recent events or information. Any outputs the Chatbot provides should not be considered as the official statements or opinions of Moovit.

12.   Third Party Components

The Service may use or include third party software, files, and components that are subject to open source and third-party license terms (“Third Party Components”). Your right to use such Third Party Components as part of, or in connection with, the Service is subject to any applicable acknowledgements and license terms accompanying such Third Party Components, contained therein or related thereto. If there is a conflict between the licensing terms of such Third Party Components and these Terms, the licensing terms of the Third Party Components shall prevail only in connection with the related Third Party Components. These Terms do not apply to any Third Party Components accompanying or contained in the Service and Moovit disclaims all liability related thereto. You acknowledge that Moovit is not the author, owner, or licensor of any Third Party Components, and that Moovit makes no warranties or representations, express or implied, as to the quality, capabilities, operations, performance, or suitability of Third Party Components. Under no circumstances shall the Service or any portion thereof (except for the Third Party Components contained therein) be deemed to be “open source” or “publicly available” software.

13. Subscription Services

Moovit offers its basic Service to you for free, but you may choose to upgrade your user experience to a subscription version of the Service at any time (“Subscription Services”). In addition to other features, as may be updated from time to time, the Subscription Services shall include being opted out of being shown advertisements on the App. Please note that even if you are subscribed to Moovit’s Subscription Services or have otherwise opted out of receiving marketing communications, you may still receive notifications and messages related to the operation of the service. These may include, but are not limited to, push notifications or in-app messages regarding new or updated features, service alerts (e.g., disruptions or changes due to special events), security updates, or other critical information necessary for the effective use of the service. These communications are considered part of the core service and are necessary to ensure the functionality, reliability, and safety of your Moovit experience.

To subscribe to our Subscription Services, visit the dedicated offering screen in the App and follow the instructions to complete the payment process.

Your account will be charged with the subscription fees + tax (if applicable) at confirmation of purchase. At Moovit’s sole discretion, it may offer a free trial period for certain subscription offers as may be presented to you at time of purchase.

Each subscription account may only be used on a single device. Moovit reserves the right to change, remove, and update the Subscription Services or any feature thereof at any time, subject to notice as set forth under these Terms.

Third Party Stores and Automatically Renewing Subscriptions

Moovit may offer Subscription Services and other digital products and services for purchase through iTunes, Google Play, or other third-party services authorized by Moovit (each, a "Third Party Store") using your Apple ID or Google Play account ("Third Party Account"). Your Third Party Account will be charged for the purchase in accordance with the terms disclosed to you by the applicable Third Party Store at the time of purchase and the general terms applicable to your Third Party Account.

If you purchase a subscription to the Subscription Services, it will renew automatically and your Third Party Account will continue to be periodically charged until you cancel, in accordance with the terms disclosed to you at the time of purchase, as further described below. After your initial subscription commitment period, and at the end of each subscription period subsequently thereafter, the subscription will automatically extend at the price and duration you originally chose upon subscribing. If you originally purchased Subscription Services at a discounted promotional offer, the price for any subsequent renewal periods will go up to the full list price at the time of purchase upon the conclusion of the initial subscription period.

You acknowledge and agree that if you do not timely cancel your subscription to the Subscription Services, your subscription will be renewed at the full price as indicated when the purchase was made, without any additional action required by you, and you authorize the Third Party Store to charge your selected payment method for such amounts.

If you cancel your subscription, you will continue to have access to your subscription benefits and may continue to use the canceled Subscription Services until the end of your current subscription period, at which point they will expire, but you will not (except as set forth in the subsection entitled “Refunds” below) be eligible for a prorated refund of your subscription fees and your subscription will not be renewed when that current period expires.

To cancel your subscription: If you do not want your subscription to the Subscription Services to renew automatically, or if you want to change or terminate your subscription, you must log in to your Third Party Account and follow instructions to manage or cancel your subscription, even if you have otherwise deleted your Account with Moovit or if you have deleted the App from your device.

If you subscribed using your Apple ID, cancellation is handled by Apple, not Moovit. To cancel a purchase made with your Apple ID, go to your device Settings > Apple ID > Subscriptions. You can learn how to cancel a subscription from Apple or a subscription that you purchased with an app from the App Store by clicking here. You can also request assistance with the App Store here.

If you subscribed using Google Play, cancellation is handled by Google, not Moovit. To cancel a purchase made through Google Play, launch the Google Play app on your mobile device and navigate to Account > Payments & Subscriptions > Subscriptions. You can learn how to cancel a subscription from Google or a subscription that you purchased with an app from the Google Play store by clicking here. You can also request assistance with Google Play here.

Because Moovit’s Services may be utilized without a subscription, canceling your subscription to the Subscription Services does not remove your profile from our Service.

Refunds

Generally, and except as otherwise stated in these terms or as required by law applicable to you as a consumer, all purchases are final and nonrefundable, and no refunds or credits are provided for partially used periods. Special terms for refunds may apply in certain jurisdictions.

Please note that payments and refunds for Subscription Services are subject to the purchasing terms of Service of Third Party Store, as applicable to you and your device.

Right to Withdraw. For subscribers residing in the EU, EEA, and UK:

In accordance with local law applicable to you as a consumer, you may have the right to cancel your subscription for digital products or content such as the Subscription Services within fourteen (14) days of the date on which you start the initial subscription period.

If you purchased a subscription to the Subscription Services through the Apple App Store: Please follow the steps to request a refund described here. Refund eligibility is determined by Apple and may vary by country or region.

If you purchased a subscription to the Subscription Services through the Google Play Store: Please follow the steps to request a refund described here. Refund eligibility is determined by Google and may vary by country or region.

Pricing. Moovit operates a global business, and our pricing strategy for Subscription Services varies based on a number of factors. Subscription rates may differ across iOS and Android devices. To the extent permissible by law, we reserve the right, at our discretion and including without prior notice, to adjust the pricing of the Subscription Services or to limit the available quantity of or discontinue making available any product, feature, service, or other offering; to impose conditions on the honoring of any offer, discount, or other promotion; to bar any User from making any transaction; and to refuse at our discretion to provide any User with any product, service, or other offering.

14.   Additional Moovit Services

Each User, using the below-mentioned services, shall ensure that it shall have in full force a written agreement (in the form of terms of use, terms of service, or otherwise) with its end users governing the relationship between the User and the end user, which contains adequate disclosures and obtains all rights, authority, permissions, approvals, and informed consents from such ends users, in accordance with applicable law and with Moovit’s Privacy Policy, to permit Moovit to perform its obligations, including the access, storage, collection analysis, processing, display, transfer, and other use of the end user’s data for the purpose of providing the Service.

Website and Mobile App Developers: If you are the developer of a website or a mobile application, you may connect your website or mobile application to Moovit in the manner authorized by Moovit and subject to these Terms. You are free to establish a hypertext link or iFrame (in the case of websites) or a deep link (in the case of mobile applications) to the Service and thereby offer the Service to your end users so long as the link: (i) does not state or imply any affiliation, sponsorship, or endorsement of your website by Moovit (other than the mere link to the unmodified Service as-is); (ii) does not portray Moovit in a false light or otherwise in an offensive or disparaging manner; and (iii) is otherwise in strict compliance all applicable laws and with these Terms. Any such link shall be in accordance with the Developers instructions and guidelines available at https://moovit.com/developers/ and/or https://www.moovit.com. You shall be solely responsible, at your own expense, for the development, operation, and maintenance of any User-placed links, including posted notices, disclaimers, terms of use, and applicable privacy notices.

Moovit API: Moovit may, at its sole discretion, offer you a connection to the Service via an API subject to separate terms of Service which may be made available from time to time.

Moovit may, at its sole discretion, request that any User, using the additional services referenced above, to remove such link or other connection to the Service at any time and for any reason. Furthermore, you shall not be entitled to any consideration for the use of the additional services unless otherwise explicitly agreed to by Moovit.

Green Ride and Charitable Donations. From time to time, Moovit may pledge a portion of the proceeds collected as subscription fees for its Subscription Services for the purchase of carbon credits from any third party (“Carbon Credits Purchase”), or otherwise as a donation to certain environmental or climate related projects, conservation charities, non-profits, or other qualifying tax-exempt organizations (“Donations”) (Carbon Credits Purchase and Donations together “Contributions”). For the avoidance of doubt, all Contributions will be made solely in Moovit’s name and specifically all Carbon Credits Purchases will be retired solely in Moovit’s name. The Contributions shall not be linked to any User or specific Subscription Service purchased by a User. The Contributions shall not be linked to the Carbon Rights arising from the use of Moovit’s Service by the subscriber (such as the decision to use public transport) and shall not be linked to Moovit’s carbon footprint. Moovit will make reasonable efforts to ensure that Contributions are made to bona fide organizations or reputable companies producing carbon credits; however, Moovit does not and cannot guarantee that Contributions will be used by such organizations in a manner consistent with any User preferences. To comply with applicable laws and tax regulations, Moovit retains the exclusive authority, discretion, and legal control over all Contributions.

15.   Availability

The Service availability and functionality depends on various factors, such as communication networks, software, hardware, and Moovit’s service providers and contractors. Moovit does not warrant or guarantee that the Service will operate or be available at all times without disruption or interruption, that it will be immune from unauthorized access, or that it will be error-free.

16.   Changes to the Service

Moovit reserves the right to modify, correct, amend, enhance, improve, make any other changes to, or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof, including but not limited to the Content) without notice, at any time and at its sole discretion. In addition, you hereby acknowledge that the Content provided under the Service may be changed, extended in terms of content and form, or removed at any time without any notice to you. You agree that Moovit shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of our Service.

17.   Disclaimer and Warranties

USER ACKNOWLEDGES BY AGREEING TO THE TERMS HEREIN THAT MOOVIT (AND ITS AFFILIATES) PROVIDE NO WARRANTIES AS TO THE PERFORMANCE, CORRECTNESS, FUNCTIONALITY OR SUITABILITY OF THE SERVICE FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. MOOVIT DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE, THE INABILITY TO USE OR OPERATE, OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE CONTENT AVAILABLE ON THE SERVICE. THE SERVICE (AND ANY PART THEREOF), INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY CONTENT, DATA AND INFORMATION RELATED THERETO, ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR NON- INFRINGEMENT OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF USE, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE.

MOOVIT AND ITS AFFILIATES, INCLUDING ANY OF THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, SUB CONTRACTORS, AGENTS, PARENT COMPANIES, SUBSIDIARIES, AND OTHER AFFILIATES (COLLECTIVELY, “MOOVIT”), JOINTLY AND SEVERALLY, DISCLAIM AND MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE USABILITY, ACCURACY, QUALITY, AVAILABILITY, RELIABILITY, SUITABILITY, COMPLETENESS, TRUTHFULNESS, USEFULNESS, OR EFFECTIVENESS OF ANY CONTENT, DATA, RESULTS, OR OTHER INFORMATION OBTAINED OR GENERATED IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR OR ANY USER’S USE OF THE SERVICE.

MOOVIT DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICE IS OR WILL BE SECURE, ACCURATE, COMPLETE, UNINTERRUPTED, WITHOUT ERROR, OR FREE OF VIRUSES, WORMS, OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR OTHER PROGRAM LIMITATIONS. MOOVIT MAY, AT ITS SOLE DISCRETION AND WITHOUT AN OBLIGATION TO DO SO, CORRECT, MODIFY, AMEND, ENHANCE, IMPROVE, AND MAKE ANY OTHER CHANGES TO THE SERVICE AT ANY TIME, OR DISCONTINUE DISPLAYING OR PROVIDING ANY CONTENT OR FEATURES, WITHOUT ANY NOTICE TO YOU.

YOU AGREE AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE USE OF THE SERVICE, INCLUDING USE OF AND/OR RELIANCE ON ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE, IS ENTIRELY, OR OTHERWISE TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, AT YOUR OWN RISK.

18.   Limitation of Liability

IN NO EVENT SHALL MOOVIT OR ANY OF THE MOOVIT AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, RESULTING FROM OR ARISING OUT OF THE SERVICE, USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE, FAILURE OF THE SERVICE TO PERFORM AS REPRESENTED OR EXPECTED, LOSS OF GOODWILL, DATA OR PROFITS, THE PERFORMANCE OR FAILURE TO PERFORM UNDER THESE TERMS, AND ANY OTHER ACT OR OMISSION OR BY ANY OTHER CAUSE WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES ARISING FROM THE CONDUCT OF ANY USERS OR THIRD PARTY SERVICES.

NO ACTION MAY BE BROUGHT BY YOU FOR ANY BREACH OF THESE TERMS MORE THAN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE ACCRUAL OF SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION. AS SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, THEN SUCH LIMITATIONS ONLY MAY NOT APPLY TO A USER RESIDING IN SUCH STATES.

SUCH LIMITATIONS, EXCLUSIONS, AND DISCLAIMERS SHALL APPLY TO ALL CLAIMS FOR DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, OR OTHERWISE. YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THESE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY ARE AGREED ALLOCATIONS OF RISK CONSTITUTING IN PART THE CONSIDERATION FOR MOOVIT’S PROVISION OF THE SERVICE TO YOU, AND SUCH LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY, AND EVEN IF MOOVIT OR ANY MOOVIT AFFILIATES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LIABILITIES OR DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION. IF YOU MADE ANY PAYMENTS TO MOOVIT FOR THE USE OF THE SERVICE, THEN MOOVIT’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TOWARDS YOU SHALL IN NO EVENT EXCEED THE AGGREGATE CONSIDERATION PAID IN FEES TO MOOVIT IN THE 12-MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO SUCH CLAIM, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, THIRD PARTY SERVICES SHALL NOT BE CONSIDERED AS FEES PAID TO MOOVIT. IF YOU HAVE MADE PAYMENTS TO MOOVIT FOR THE USE OF THE SERVICE, THEN MOOVIT’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TOWARDS YOU SHALL IN NO EVENT EXCEED $100.

19.   Indemnification

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Moovit and any Moovit Affiliates from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs, debts, fines, late fees, cancellation fees, and expenses (including attorney’s fees) arising directly or indirectly from: (i) your use of the Service (or any part thereof); (ii) breach of any term of these Terms by you; (iii) any damage of any sort, whether direct, indirect, special or consequential, you may cause to any third party which relates to your use of (or inability to use) the Service; (iv) your violation of any third party intellectual property rights, privacy rights, or other rights through your use of the Service or provision of information to the Service (including but not limited to obtaining consents from the requisite parties); and (v) your violation of any applicable law or regulation.

20.   Amendment of Terms

Moovit may change the Terms from time to time, at its sole discretion and without any notice, including the Privacy Policy at:  https://moovit.com/legals/privacy-policy/. Substantial changes of these Terms will be first notified on the Service regarding such changes or to the email address that is registered under your User Account. Such substantial changes will take effect seven (7) days after such notice was provided. Otherwise, all other changes to these Terms are effective as of twenty-one (21) days after the date stated as “Last Updated,” and your continued use of the Service after the Last Updated date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes. Please note that in the event that the Terms should be amended to comply with any legal requirements, such amendments may take effect immediately and without any prior notice, as may be required by law.

21.   Termination of Service

At any time, Moovit may block your access to our Service and/or temporarily or permanently limit, suspend, or terminate your access to the Service, for any reason, at its sole discretion, in addition to any other remedies that may be available to Moovit under any applicable law. Such actions by Moovit may be taken, for example, if Moovit deems that you have breached any of these Terms.

Additionally, Moovit may, at any time and at its sole discretion, cease the operation of our Service or any part thereof, temporarily or permanently, without giving any prior notice. You agree and acknowledge that Moovit does not assume any responsibility with respect to, or in connection with, the termination of our Service’s operation and loss of any data. The following provisions shall survive the termination or expiration of the Terms: Section 4 (User Representations and Undertakings); Section 5 (Use Restrictions); Section 6 (User Generated Content): Section 7 (Feedback); Section 8 (Privacy Policy); Section 9 (Intellectual Property Right); Section 10 (Carbon Rights); Section 11 (Third Party Services); Section 12 (Third Party Components); Section 16 (Disclaimer and Warranties); Section 17 (Limitation of Liability); Section 18 (Indemnification); Section 20 (Termination of Service); and Section 22 (General).

22.   Misconduct and Copyright Agent

We care for your safety and well-being. If you believe a User, including Third Party Providers, acted inappropriately including, but not limited to, offensive, violent, or sexually inappropriate behavior or content, please report immediately such person to the appropriate authorities and to us.

Moovit respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes
copyright infringement, please provide the following information in writing to Moovit’s Copyright Agent: (i) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright; (ii) a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; (iii) a description of the material that you claim to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information sufficient to permit Moovit to locate the material (including URL address or screen capture of such infringing activity); (iv) information so that Moovit can contact you, such as address, telephone number and e mail address; (v) a statement that you believe in good faith that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; (vi) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of a copyright that is allegedly infringed. Moovit’s Copyright Agent can be reached at support@moovit.com .

23.   General

These Terms do not, and shall not be construed to create any partnership, joint venture, employer- employee, agency, or franchisor franchisee relationship between the parties hereto. Any claim relating to the Service or use of the Service will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel, without reference to its conflict-of-laws principles. Any dispute arising out of or related to your use of this Site and/or the Service will be brought in, and you hereby consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in, the competent courts of the District of Tel Aviv, Israel. If any provision of these Terms is found to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from these Terms and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provision. You may not assign, sublicense or otherwise transfer any or all of your rights or obligations under these Terms without Moovit’s prior express written consent. No waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder will be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default. Any heading, caption or section title contained herein is inserted only as a matter of convenience, and in no way defines or explains any section or provision hereof. These Terms are the entire terms of Services between you and Moovit relating to the subject matter herein and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous written or oral agreements or understandings between you and Moovit. Notices to you may be made via email or regular mail. Our Service may also provide notices of changes to these Terms or other matters, by displaying such notices or by providing links to such notices. Without limitation, you agree that a printed version of these Terms and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.

24.   Contact

If you have any questions (or comments) concerning the Terms or the Service, you are welcome to send us an email to the following address, and we will make an effort to reply within a reasonable timeframe: support@moovit.com

By contacting us, you represent that you are free to do so and that you will not knowingly provide Moovit with information that infringes upon third parties’ rights, including any intellectual property rights. You further acknowledge that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any and all rights, including intellectual property rights in such information provided, shall belong exclusively to Moovit, and Moovit may use or refrain from using any such information at its sole discretion.