Terms and Conditions
Skip to main content
Menu
Close Menu
Schedules
Maps
Fares and tolls
Planned Service Changes
Travel
Back
Elevator & Escalator Status
Accessibility
Sign up for service alerts
Guides
Access-A-Ride Paratransit
About
Back
About the MTA
Transparency
Projects
Safety and Security
Careers
Agencies
Back
New York City Transit
Bridges & Tunnels
Long Island Rail Road
Metro-North Railroad
Other agencies and departments
Contact us
Back
Give feedback
Contact the MTA
Media Relations
Procurement and solicitations
Schedules
Maps
Fares & Tolls
Planned Work
We have detected you are using an out-of-date browser. We no longer support this browser, so parts of the site might not work as you expect them to. We recommend updating your browser to the latest version.
Home
MTA website terms and conditions
MTA website terms and conditions
The MYmta Web Site, hereinafter "Site," is provided as a service to the public and our customers. Agreement and use of the Site indicates acceptance of the terms of use. If you do not agree to the terms, do not use the MYmta Web Site.
The MTA grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right and license to use the Site for your non-commercial personal use from any desktop or mobile device solely as set forth in this license providing that you comply fully with these terms and conditions. Your acquired rights are granted subject to your compliance with this license. Any commercial use is prohibited. You are expressly prohibited from sub-licensing, renting, leasing, transferring or otherwise distributing the Site or rights to use the Site. You shall not interfere or attempt to interfere with the operation or use by others in any way, nor re-engineer or reverse engineer the Site.
All rights expressly and not expressly granted are reserved by the MTA. All information, documents, products, software, services and other materials, hereinafter "the Materials," provided as part or accessed via this Site are the property and copyrighted work of the MTA or a third-party developer, author, manufacturer or vendor (the "Third Party Provider"). Except as stated in these legal terms for personal travel information, none of the Materials may be copied, downloaded, reproduced, altered, distributed, republished, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying or recording. No part of this Site, including, but not limited to, any logo, graphic, word or design mark, sound or image, may be reproduced or retransmitted in any way, or by any means.
The MTA reserves the right at any time and in its sole discretion to change, modify, update, add, discontinue, remove, revise, delete or otherwise change any or all portions of the MYmta Web Site and the terms of use.
Use of the MYmta Web Site will require your device(s) to have access or connection via mobile network or Internet (fees may apply). Because use of the MYmta Web Site involves hardware, software and Internet access, your ability to use the MYmta Web Site may be affected by the performance of these factors. By accepting these terms and conditions, you acknowledge and agree that complying with such system requirements, which may be changed from time to time, are your responsibility and that your use of any third-party services are subject to the terms and conditions of use established by the respective third-party service providers.
The MTA does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information obtained through this Site including such features as, but not limited to, service, schedule, fare information, arrival/departure times or routes. The MTA is not responsible if the Site does not perform as desired. The MTA is not financially responsible for any loss or reimbursement as a result of your use of the transit information contained within the Site. Service to the Site could be interrupted or disrupted due to atmospheric conditions, inaccurate satellite data, and other factors associated with use of satellites. You agree that your use of the Site shall be at your sole risk.
You must provide at your own expense the equipment, Internet connections or devices and/or service plans to access and use this Site. The MTA does not guarantee that this Site can be accessed on all devices. The MTA does not guarantee that this Site is available in all geographic locations.
This license is effective until terminated. Your rights under this license will terminate immediately and automatically without any notice from the MTA if you fail to comply with any of the terms and conditions of this license.
To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, the Site is provided to you "as is," with all faults, without warranty of any kind, without performance assurances or guarantees of any kind, and your use is at your sole risk. The entire risk of satisfactory quality and performance resides with you. The MTA for purposes of this section does not make, and hereby disclaims, any and all express, implied or statutory warranties, including implied warranties of condition, uninterrupted use, merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights, and warranties (if any) arising from a course of dealing, usage, or trade custom.
The MTA does not warrant against interference with your enjoyment of the Site; that the Site will meet your requirements; that operation of the Site will be uninterrupted or error-free; that the Site will interoperate or be compatible with any other Site; that any errors in the Site will be corrected; or that the Site will be available for reinstalls to the same or multiple devices. No oral or written advice provided by the MTA or any authorized representative shall create a warranty.
To the fullest extent permissible applicable law, in no event shall the MTA be liable to you for any personal injury, property damage, lost profits, cost of substitute goods or services, loss of data, loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction or any other form of direct or indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages from any causes of action arising out of or related to this license or the Site, whether arising in tort (including negligence), contract, strict liability or otherwise, whether or not the MTA has been advised of the possibility of such damage.
You agree that the provisions in this license that limit liability are essential terms of this license.
If any provision of this license is illegal or unenforceable under applicable law, the remainder of the provision shall be amended to achieve as closely as possible the effect of the original term and all other provisions of this license shall continue in full force and effect.
You agree that a breach of this license will cause irreparable injury to the MTA for which monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy and the MTA shall be entitled to seek equitable relief in addition to any remedies it may have hereunder or at law without a bond, other security or proof of damages.
The laws of the State of New York, excluding its conflicts of law rules, govern this license and your use of the Site, and you expressly agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this license and/or your use of the Site shall be the State Courts in New York and you expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such Courts.
This license constitutes the entire agreement between you and the MTA with respect to the Site and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous understandings regarding such subject matter. No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of either party, any right or any power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right or power hereunder preclude further exercise of any other right hereunder. In the event of a conflict between this license and any applicable purchase or other terms, the terms of this license shall govern.
Trademarks and permissions
As used in the Site and/or for MTA goods or services related to the Site, the MTA name and logo, the names MTA Long Island Rail Road, MTA Metro-North Railroad, MTA New York City Transit, MTA Bus Company, MTA Bridges and Tunnels, the MYmta name and logo, "mta.info", MTA TrainTime phrase and logo, the logos for New York City Transit subway lines, MTA official maps, and any proprietary product or service names contained in this Site are either trademarks or registered trademarks of the MTA, or are protected by copyright, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of the MTA. In addition, all banners, custom graphics, button icons and scripts are service marks, trademarks and/or trade dress of the MTA, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of the MTA. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners.
Copyrights and permissions
Any unauthorized use of any of the Materials may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
See our copyright notice.
© 2018–20 Metropolitan Transportation Authority. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
THE MTA
About the MTA
Contact Us
Careers
Transparency
INFORMATION
Doing Business With Us
Press Releases
Arts & Design
NY Transit Museum & Shop
Other
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Select Language
English
العربية
Български
简体中文
繁體中文
Hrvatski
Čeština‎
Dansk
Nederlands
Suomi
Français
Deutsch
Ελληνικά
हिन्दी
Italiano
日本語
한국어
Norsk bokmål
Polski
Português
Română
Русский
Español
Svenska
Català
Filipino
עִבְרִית
Bahasa Indonesia
Latviešu valoda
Lietuvių kalba
Српски језик
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Українська
Tiếng Việt
Shqip
Eesti
Galego
Magyar
Maltese
ไทย
Türkçe
فارسی
Afrikaans
Bahasa Melayu
Kiswahili
Gaeilge
Cymraeg
Беларуская мова
Íslenska
Македонски јазик
יידיש
Հայերեն
Azərbaycan dili
Euskara
ქართული
Kreyol ayisyen
اردو
বাংলা
Bosanski
Cebuano
ગુજરાતી
Harshen Hausa
Hmong
Igbo
Basa Jawa
ಕನ್ನಡ
ភាសាខ្មែរ
ພາສາລາວ
Latin
Te Reo Māori
मराठी
Монгол
नेपाली
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ
Afsoomaali
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
Yorùbá
Zulu
ဗမာစာ
Chichewa
Қазақ тілі
Malagasy
മലയാളം
සිංහල
Sesotho
Basa Sunda
Тоҷикӣ
O‘zbekcha
አማርኛ
Corsu
Ōlelo Hawaiʻi
كوردی‎
Кыргызча
Lëtzebuergesch
پښتو
Samoan
Gàidhlig
Shona
سنڌي
Frysk
isiXhosa
Powered by
Translate