MUBI TERMS & CONDITIONS
Last Revised on June 3rd, 2025
Welcome to MUBI, the ultimate destination for watching and engaging with the world’s best films! The website, https://mubi.com (the "Website"), related mobile applications ("App"), and any content, tools, features, and functionality offered on or through our Website or App are collectively referred to as the "Services". The Services are operated on behalf of MUBI UK Limited ("MUBI", "we" or "us"). These Terms & Conditions govern your access and use of the Services. By accessing and/or using the Services, you are agreeing to these Terms & Conditions. If you do not agree to these Terms & Conditions, do not use the Services or make any purchases.

Please read these Terms & Conditions carefully as they contain important information regarding your legal rights, remedies and obligations.
SECTION 9 CONTAINS AN ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER. BY AGREEING TO THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS, YOU AGREE (A) TO RESOLVE ALL DISPUTES (WITH LIMITED EXCEPTION) RELATED TO MUBI’S SERVICES AND/OR PRODUCTS THROUGH BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION, WHICH MEANS THAT YOU WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO HAVE THOSE DISPUTES DECIDED BY A JUDGE OR JURY, AND (B) TO WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN CLASS ACTIONS, CLASS ARBITRATIONS, OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS, AS SET FORTH BELOW. YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OPT-OUT OF THE ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND THE CLASS ACTION WAIVER AS EXPLAINED IN SECTION 9.
1. Registered Users, Free Trials, Subscription, Billing, and Cancellation
1.1 Becoming a Registered User
You may register as a MUBI registered user of the Services free of charge (a "User"). To become a User, submit your email address to MUBI and create an account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your account (including, if applicable, your password) and for restricting access to your account and computer. You must be 18 years of age, or the age of majority in your province, territory or country, whichever is greater, to become a subscriber to the Services. Minors that are at least 13 years of age may only use the Services under the supervision of an adult. Children under the age of 13 are not permitted to use the Services. By using the Services, you represent and warrant that you meet these requirements.
1.2 Free Trials
You may be eligible to sign up for a free trial for certain paid portions of the Services. Where applicable, your free trial period will commence on the date you complete the registration process and sign up for a free trial. The free trial period of your subscription lasts for 7 days (or as otherwise specified by us when you sign up for the free trial) or on the day you cancel the free trial, if earlier. Free trials are for new and certain former users only. MUBI reserves the right, in its absolute discretion, to determine your free trial eligibility.

We will begin billing your payment method for subscription fees at the end of the free trial period of your subscription unless you cancel your free trial prior to the end of the free trial period.You may, however, then cancel your subscription in accordance with Section 1.3 of these Terms & Conditions. To view the specific details of your trial or your subscription, visit our Website and click the "Subscription" link under settings available at the top of the pages of the Website. If you cancel your trial or decide not to purchase a paid version of the Services at the end of your trial period, your content or data associated with your trial account may no longer be available to you, and MUBI may delete or remove any such content or data.

We will continue to bill your payment method for your subscription fee until you cancel.
1.3 Subscription
If you subscribe to any of our paid Services, your subscription, which may start with a Free Trial, will automatically renew at the subscription period frequency referenced on your subscription page and your payment method will automatically be charged at the start of each new subscription period for the fees and taxes applicable to that period, unless and until you cancel your subscription.You must have Internet access and provide us with a current, valid, accepted method of payment to subscribe and use the paid Service. We will bill the subscription fee to your payment method. You must cancel your subscription 1 calendar day before it renews in order to avoid billing of the next period’s subscription fees to your payment method. If you have subscribed directly through MUBI, you may cancel your subscription by going to the "Subscription" section under Settings in your MUBI account. If you have subscribed through a third party platform (such as Apple, Google, FireTV, Roku, etc.), you may cancel your subscription through that platform’s cancellation mechanism.

We may offer you different types of subscription plans, which have differences in pricing, usage rules and limitations (including the number of devices that may concurrently stream the Services), eligibility, restrictions and features. Please read the description of the subscription plan carefully.

We may, from time to time and at our sole discretion, offer a number of special promotional membership plans, including membership plans offered by third parties in conjunction with the provision of their own products and services. Some membership plans may have differing conditions and limitations, which will be disclosed at your registration or in other communications made available to you. Where the terms and conditions for those membership plans conflict with the terms and conditions set out herein, these Terms & Conditions shall apply.
1.4 Billing
If you subscribe to our MUBI GO Service, your subscription to MUBI GO may entitle you to see a certain number of eligible films per calendar week through the MUBI GO App at an eligible cinema in your registered billing country. Please read the description of your MUBI GO subscription carefully. Your MUBI GO subscription may exclude premium showings, including but not limited to 3D films, IMAX, Q&As, Satellite screenings, Mother and Baby screenings and other special screenings. If you use the MUBI GO Service in connection with certain cinemas, you may be required to agree to certain additional terms and conditions prior to using the MUBI GO Service at such cinema.

We reserve the right to change or modify the MUBI GO Service, including, without limitation, the number of eligible films a subscriber can see per month, pricing, eligible cinemas, the rules of cinema-going attendance and ticket availability, at any time and in our sole discretion, with or without prior notice. We make no guarantee on the availability of any particular cinema, showtime or title. MUBI GO ticket availability may vary from the specific cinema ticket availability. The time and locations for films may vary based on a cinema’s selection of films, screenings and showtime availability. The listed cinemas and showtimes are subject to change, cancellation or rescheduling.

You agree to only activate your MUBI GO voucher for a single ticket purchase at the relevant cinema Box Office. If the Services generate a voucher, this does not by itself serve as a confirmation of your ticket; it is only once you have purchased a ticket with your voucher at the selected cinema that a seat has been confirmed and reserved. MUBI is not responsible for any user or cinema error, such as if you select the incorrect showing or cinema. MUBI is not responsible if the showtime you want to see is not available or sold out. We recommend that you frequently check showtimes in the MUBI GO App, and if available, arrive at the cinema early and redeem your ticket ahead of time.

MUBI is not directly affiliated or associated with any cinemas. All references to cinemas and showtimes do not imply direct or indirect affiliation or endorsement. All listed cinemas do not necessarily have the ability to accept MUBI GO vouchers, and their listing on this site does not imply as such.

You agree to respect and abide by the terms and conditions set forth by the applicable cinema you have selected tickets for, copies of which may be found on the Services or on the site of the relevant cinema. MUBI is not responsible for the cinema’s actions if their terms and conditions are violated. MUBI is not liable for any harm or damage caused by any cinema. Lost, stolen, or damaged tickets will not be replaced. If you do not hold a valid ticket, you may be required to leave the premises of the cinema. MUBI is not responsible if you are excluded from viewing a film for any reason. All films and showtimes are subject to restrictions. You are not entitled to use MUBI GO in connection with any other promotions offered by MUBI or the applicable cinema.

MUBI GO subscriptions and vouchers may only be used by the subscribing User, and may not be shared with anyone else. MUBI GO subscribers may only use the MUBI GO App on one active device at a time and are only permitted to switch active devices once per month.
1.5 Billing
1.5.1 Recurring Billing.By starting your MUBI subscription, you authorize us to charge you the applicable subscription fee at the then-current rate, along with any other charges you may incur in connection with your use of the Service, to your Payment method. Failure to pay these taxes and fees will result in the termination of your access to the paid Services. You agree that (a) if you purchase a recurring subscription to any of the Services, we may store and continue billing your payment method (e.g., credit card) to avoid interruption to such Services and (b) we may calculate taxes payable by you based on the billing information that you provide us at the time of purchase.
1.5.2 Price Changes.We reserve the right to adjust pricing for our Services or any components thereof in any manner and at any time as we may determine in our sole and absolute discretion. Except as otherwise expressly provided for in these Terms & Conditions, any price changes to the Services will take effect following email notice to you or at such other date specified in our email notice.
1.5.3 Billing Cycle.The subscription fee will be billed at the beginning of each subscription period unless and until you cancel your subscription. Subscription fees are fully earned upon payment. We reserve the right to change the timing of our billing, in particular, if your payment method has not successfully settled. Your renewal date may change due to changes in your subscription. For more information on our billing cycles, please refer to the FAQs section of our website
1.6 Refunds
Payments are nonrefundable and there are no refunds or credits for partially used periods, except any refunds or credits that we may choose to provide to you in our sole discretion on a case by case basis or to the extent required by applicable law. Following any cancellation of your subscription, however, you will continue to have access to the applicable paid Services through the end of the subscription period for which payment has already been made and, in the case of a subscription to the Notebook magazine, you will be entitled to receive issues for which you have already paid.
1.7 Payment methods
You may edit your payment method information by visiting our website and clicking on "Subscription" under settings. If a payment is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not edit your payment method information or cancel your account, you remain responsible for any uncollected amounts and authorize us to continue billing the payment method, as it may be updated. This may result in a change to your payment billing dates. If you signed up for MUBI using your account with a third party (e.g., Apple App Store, Google Play or similar account) as a payment method, and wish to cancel your MUBI subscription at any time, including during your free trial, you will need to do so through such third party, including by visiting your account with the applicable third party and turning off auto-renew, or unsubscribing from the applicable paid Service. You may also find billing information about your subscription by visiting your account with the applicable third party. For certain payment methods, the issuer of your payment method may charge you a foreign transaction fee or other charges. Check with your payment method service provider for details.
1.8 Orders for Other Products
The Services may permit you to purchase certain other products or services, including products or services of third parties that are offered through the Services ("Offerings"). You acknowledge and agree that all information you provide with regards to a purchase of Offerings, including, without limitation, credit card, PayPal, or other payment information, is accurate, current and complete. You represent and warrant that you have the legal right to use the payment method you provide to us or our payment processor, including, without limitation, any credit card you provide when completing a transaction. We reserve the right, with or without prior notice and in our sole and complete discretion, to (a) discontinue, modify, or limit the available quantity of, any Offerings, and (b) refuse to allow any user to purchase any Offering or deliver such Offerings to a user or a user designated address. When you purchase Offerings, you (a) agree to pay the price for such Offerings as set forth in the applicable Service, and all shipping and handling charges and all applicable taxes in connection with your purchase (the "Full Purchase Amount"), and (b) authorize us to charge your credit card or other payment method for the Full Purchase Amount. The Services may allow you to purchase Offerings and designate them to be delivered or provided at a future date. In such instance, you acknowledge and agree that we may charge your credit card or other payment method for the Full Purchase Amount on the date of purchase, rather than on the ultimate date of delivery or provision of the applicable Offering. Unless otherwise noted, all currency references are in U.S. Dollars. All fees and charges are payable in accordance with payment terms in effect at the time the fee or the charge becomes payable. Payment can be made by credit card, debit card, or through PayPal or other means that we may make available. Orders will not be processed until payment has been received in full, and any holds on your account by PayPal or any other payment processor are solely your responsibility.

We may, at any time, revise or change the pricing, availability, specifications, content, descriptions or features of any Offerings. While we attempt to be as accurate as we can in our descriptions for the Offerings, we do not warrant that Offering descriptions are accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If an Offering itself is not as described on the Services, your sole remedy is to return it (for physical products, in unused condition). The inclusion of any Offerings for purchase through the Services at a particular time does not imply or warrant that the Offerings will be available at any other time. We reserve the right to change prices for Offerings displayed on the Services at any time, and to correct pricing errors that may inadvertently occur (and to cancel any orders in our sole discretion that were purchased with pricing errors). All such changes shall be effective immediately upon posting of such new Offering prices to the Services and/or upon making the customer aware of the pricing error.

In furtherance of our policy of not collecting personal information from persons under the age of 13, users are not allowed to give us the personal information of any persons under the age of 13 for delivery or shipping purposes or any other reason.

There are no refunds or exchanges of Offerings on the Services, except as may be required by law or as we may choose to offer to you in our sole discretion on a case by case basis.
2. Account Access
2.1A User has access and control over their MUBI account. We may make available, or require Users to enable, certain features designed to protect the security of their MUBI account, such as passwords. The User should maintain control over the MUBI enabled devices that are used to access the Services. In addition, if the User wishes to prohibit others from contacting MUBI Customer Service and potentially altering the User’s control, the User should not reveal the payment method details (e.g., last four digits of their credit or debit card) associated with their account. You are responsible for updating and maintaining the truth and accuracy of the information you provide to us relating to your account.
2.2The Services and any content viewed through the Services are for your personal and non-commercial use only and may not be shared with organizations or individuals beyond your household. By sharing your MUBI account password or allowing others to access your account, the User agrees to be responsible for ensuring that such other users comply with these Terms & Conditions, and such User shall be responsible for the actions of such other users. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to implement functionality into the Services to determine whether you have complied with the usage restrictions for your subscription (including whether you have shared with individuals beyond your household) and may limit or terminate access to the Services or take other actions permitted by these Terms & Conditions.
2.3You should be mindful of any communication requesting that you submit credit card or other account information. Providing your information in response to these types of communications can result in identity theft. MUBI reserves the right to place any account on hold anytime with or without notification to the subscriber or member in order to protect itself and its partners from what it believes to be fraudulent activity. MUBI is not obligated to credit or discount a subscription for holds placed on the account by either a representative of MUBI or by the automated processes of MUBI.
3. Services
3.1We grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable, non-sublicensable right to access the Service and view any content displayed to you as part of the Services for the sole purpose of enabling you to use the Services for your personal purposes, as permitted by these Terms & Conditions. Except for the foregoing limited license, no right, title or interest shall be transferred to you by us. You agree not to use the Service for broadcast or public performances or to otherwise make such content available to a broad audience (e.g. via streaming it to online users).
3.2The Services may not be available in all countries. You may view the Services primarily within the country where you created your account and only in regions where we provide our Services and have the necessary content licenses. The content available for viewing may differ by geographic location and will change from time to time in our sole discretion.
3.3The Services, including the content library, are regularly updated. We also continually test various aspects of our Services, such as our Website, App, and content. Your access to and use of the Services may be interrupted from time to time, including, without limitation, in connection with updates or testing.
3.4Some content on the Services can be temporarily downloaded for offline viewing on certain supported devices ("Offline Content"), depending on your subscription tier. However, offline viewing is subject to limitations, such as restrictions on the number of Offline Content allowed per account, the maximum number of devices that can contain Offline Content, the time period within which you will need to start watching Offline Content and how long the Offline Content will remain accessible to you. Some Offline Content may not be playable in certain countries. If you try to view certain Offline Content while in a country where streaming that Offline Content is otherwise not permitted, the Offline Content will not be playable while you are in that country.
3.5You agree not to archive, reproduce, distribute, modify, display, perform, publish, license, create derivative works from, offer for sale, or use (except as explicitly authorized in these Terms & Conditions) content and information contained on or obtained from or through the Services. You also agree not to: circumvent, remove, alter, deactivate, degrade or thwart any of the content protections in the Services; use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access, download, aggregate, or copy the Services or any information available therein; decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble any software or other products or processes accessible through the Services; insert any code or product or manipulate the content of the Services in any way; exploit the Services for any commercial purpose; access or use the Services in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, disrupt or impair the Services or interfere with any other party’s access to or use of the Services or use any device, software or routine that causes the same; attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage or disrupt the Services, accounts registered to other users, or the computer systems or networks connected to the Services; use any data mining, data gathering or extraction method; use the Services or any content or information available therein to create, develop or improve any competing products or services or to power, enable or train other artificial intelligence and machine learning models, tools or technologies; violate any applicable law or regulation in connection with your access to or use of the Services; access or use the Services in any way not expressly permitted by these Terms & Conditions; or . In addition, you agree not to upload, post, e-mail or otherwise send or transmit any material designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment associated with the Services, including any software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs. We may terminate or restrict your use of the Services if you violate these Terms & Conditions or are engaged in illegal or fraudulent use of the Services.
3.6MUBI content display quality may differ depending on your device and various other factors, such as your location, the bandwidth and speed available through your Internet connection and your subscription tier. Not all content is available in all formats. . You are responsible for all Internet access charges, so please check with your Internet provider for details on possible Internet data usage charges. The time it takes to begin watching MUBI content will vary based on various factors, such as your location, available bandwidth, the selected content and the configuration of your device.
3.7The Services, including their "look and feel" (e.g., text, graphics, images, logos), proprietary content, information and other materials, are protected under copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws. You agree that MUBI and/or its licensors own all right, title and interest in and to the Services (including any and all intellectual property rights therein) and you agree not to take any action(s) inconsistent with such ownership interests. We and our licensors reserve all rights in connection with the Services and its content. MUBI, MUBI’s logo and all related names, logos, product and service names, designs and slogans are trademarks of MUBI or its affiliates or licensors. Other names, logos, product and service names, designs and slogans that appear on the Services are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by us. You acknowledge that your use of the Services may require third party software that is subject to third party licenses. You agree that you may automatically receive updated versions of the Services and related third-party software.
3.8You are responsible for providing the mobile device, wireless service plan, software, Internet connections and/or other equipment or services that you need to download, install and use the App. We do not guarantee that the App can be accessed and used on any particular device or with any particular service plan. We do not guarantee that the App or will be available in, or that orders for Offerings can be placed from, any particular geographic location. As part of the Services and to update you regarding the status of deliveries, you may receive push notifications, local client notifications, text messages, picture messages, alerts, emails or other types of messages directly sent to you in connection with the App ("Push Messages"). You acknowledge that, when you use the App, your wireless service provider may charge you fees for data, text messaging and/or other wireless access, including in connection with Push Messages. You have control over the Push Messages settings, and can opt in or out of these Push Messages through the Services or through your mobile device’s operating system (with the possible exception of infrequent, important service announcements and administrative messages). Please check with your wireless service provider to determine what fees apply to your access to and use of the App, including your receipt of Push Messages from us. You are solely responsible for any fee, cost or expense that you incur to download, install and/or use the App on your mobile device, including for your receipt of push messages from us.
3.9The following terms and conditions apply to you only if you are using the App from the Apple App Store. To the extent the other terms and conditions of these Terms & Conditions are less restrictive than, or otherwise conflict with, the terms and conditions of this paragraph, the more restrictive or conflicting terms and conditions in this paragraph apply, but solely with respect to your use of the App from the Apple App Store. You acknowledge and agree that these Terms & Conditions are solely between you and MUBI, not Apple, and that Apple has no responsibility for the App or content thereof. Your use of the App must comply with the App Store’s applicable terms of use. You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the App. In the event of any failure of the App to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price, if any, for the App to you. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be solely governed by these Terms & Conditions. You and MUBI acknowledge that Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims of yours or any third party relating to the App or your possession and/or use of the App, including, but not limited to: (a) product liability claims, (b) any claim that the App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement, and (c) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. You and MUBI acknowledge that, in the event of any third party claim that the App or your possession and use of that App infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, MUBI, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by these Terms & Conditions. You must comply with applicable third party terms of agreement when using the App. You and MUBI acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of these Terms & Conditions as they relate to your use of the App, and that, upon your acceptance of these Terms & Conditions, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms & Conditions against you as a third party beneficiary thereof.
4. Applications
You may encounter third-party applications (including, without limitation, websites, widgets, software, or other software utilities) ("Application(s)") that interact with the Services. These Applications may import data related to your MUBI account and activity and otherwise gather data from you. These Applications are provided solely as a convenience to you, and MUBI is not responsible for such Applications. Such applications are owned or operated by third parties that are not related to, with, or sponsored by MUBI, and may not be authorized for use with our Services in all countries. Use of an application is at your own option and risk.
5. Feedback
MUBI is free to use any comments, information, ideas, concepts, reviews, techniques or any other material contained in any communication you may send to us ("Feedback"), including responses to questionnaires or through postings to the Services, including the MUBI website and user interfaces, without further compensation, acknowledgement or payment to you for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products and creating, modifying or improving the Services. In addition, you agree not to enforce any "moral rights" in and to the Feedback, to the extent permitted by applicable law. Please note MUBI does not accept unsolicited materials or ideas for movies, and is not responsible for the similarity of any of its content or programming in any media to materials or ideas transmitted to MUBI. Our policy is to delete any such unsolicited materials without reading it. Should you send any unsolicited materials or ideas, you do so with the understanding that we have no obligation to you in connection with such unsolicited materials and no additional consideration of any sort will be provided to you, and you are waiving any claim against MUBI and its affiliates regarding the use of such materials and ideas, even if material or an idea is used that is substantially similar to the material or idea you sent.
6. Customer Support
If you need assistance of any kind, click on the menu icon in the upper right hand corner of the MUBI site and select "Help". There you will find the answers to many frequently asked questions, along with contact information for our Customer Support team.
7. User Content
In connection with your use of the Services, you may be able to post, upload or submit content to be made available through the Services ("Your Content"). In order to operate the Service, we must obtain from you certain license rights in Your Content so that actions we take in operating the Service are not considered legal violations. Accordingly, by using the Service and uploading Your Content, you grant us a license to access, use, host, cache, store, reproduce, transmit, display, publish, distribute, and modify (for technical purposes, e.g., making sure content is viewable on smartphones as well as computers and other devices) Your Content but solely as required to be able to operate, provide and improve the Services, including to train any artificial intelligence technologies used in connection with the Services. You agree that these rights and licenses are royalty free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide and irrevocable (for so long as Your Content is stored with us), and include a right for us to make Your Content available to, and pass these rights along to, others with whom we have contractual relationships related to the provision of the Services, solely for the purpose of providing such Services, and to otherwise permit access to or disclose Your Content to third parties if we determine such access is necessary to comply with our legal obligations. As part of the foregoing license grant, you agree that the other users of the Services may have the right to comment on and/or tag Your Content and/or to use, publish, display, modify or include a copy of Your Content as part of their own use of the Services; except that the foregoing shall not apply to any of Your Content that you post privately for non-public display on the Services. Although we have no obligation to screen, edit, or monitor Your Content, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we reserve the right, and have absolute discretion, to remove, screen, edit, or delete any of Your Content at any time, for any reason, and without notice. By posting or submitting Your Content through the Services, you represent and warrant that you have, or have obtained, all rights, licenses, consents, permissions, power and/or authority necessary to grant the rights granted herein for Your Content. You agree that Your Content will not contain material subject to copyright or other proprietary rights, unless you have the necessary permission or are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant us the license described above.
8. Copyright
MUBI respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects its Users to do the same. MUBI enforces third party’s intellectual property rights and can, in appropriate circumstances, suspend or terminate the accounts of subscribers, members or Users who are repeat infringers. MUBI will respond expeditiously to claims of copyright infringement committed using the MUBI platform and/or website, if such claims are reported to MUBI’s Designated Copyright Agent identified in the sample notice below.

If you are a copyright owner, authorized to act on behalf of one, or authorized to act under any exclusive right under copyright, please report alleged copyright infringements taking place on or through the MUBI website by completing the following DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement ("Notice") and delivering it to MUBI’s Designated Copyright Agent. Upon receipt of the Notice as described below, MUBI will take whatever action, in its sole discretion, it deems appropriate, such as removal of the challenged content from the MUBI website.

To file a DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement, please: Identify the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, or — if multiple copyrighted works are covered by this Notice — you may provide a representative list of copyrighted works that you claim have been infringed.

Identify the material or link you claim is infringing (or the subject of infringing activity) and to which access is requested to be disabled, including at a minimum, if applicable, the URL of the link shown on the MUBI website or the exact location where such material may be found. Provide information for our Copyright Agent to contact you, such as your company affiliation (if applicable), mailing address, telephone number, and, if available, email address.

Include a statement that you have a good faith belief that the identified, allegedly infringing use is not authorized by the copyright owners, its agent or the law, such as the following statement: "I hereby state that I have good faith belief that the disputed use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law (e.g., as a fair use)".

Include a statement that the provided information is accurate and, under the penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or the authorized person to act on behalf of the copyright owners, such as the following statement: "I hereby state that the information in this Notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that I am the owner, or authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of the copyright or of an exclusive right under the copyright that is allegedly infringed".

Provide your electronic or physical signature. Finally, deliver this Notice, along with all items completed to MUBI’s Designated Copyright Agent:

By mail to: MUBI, Inc. Attn: Legal, 1 Newburgh Street London W1F 7RB United Kingdom. By email to .

It is our policy, in appropriate circumstances and at our discretion, to disable or terminate the accounts of users who repeatedly infringe copyrights or intellectual property rights of others.

You agree to not intentionally submit a misleading or fraudulent Notice, and that doing so may also lead to liability for damages under Section 512(f) of the United State Digital Millennium Copyright Act or similar laws in other countries.
9. Arbitration and Class Action Waiver
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY – IT MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT AND TO HAVE A JURY HEAR YOUR CLAIMS. IT CONTAINS PROCEDURES FOR MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER.
9.1 Informal Process First
You and MUBI agree that in the event of any dispute, either party will first contact the other party and make a good faith sustained effort to resolve the dispute before resorting to more formal means of resolution, including without limitation, any court action, after first allowing the receiving party 30 days in which to respond. Both you and MUBI agree that this dispute resolution procedure is a condition precedent which must be satisfied before initiating any arbitration against the other party.
9.2 Arbitration Agreement and Class Action Waiver
After the informal dispute resolution process, any remaining dispute, controversy, or claim (collectively, "Claim") relating in any way to MUBI’s services and/or products, including the Services, and any use or access or lack of access thereto, will be resolved by arbitration, including threshold questions of arbitrability of the Claim. You and MUBI agree that any Claim will be settled by final and binding arbitration, using the English language, administered by JAMS under its Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures (the "JAMS Rules") then in effect (those rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference into this section, and as of the date of these Terms & Conditions). Because your contract with MUBI, these Terms & Conditions, and this Arbitration Agreement concern interstate commerce, the Federal Arbitration Act ("FAA") governs the arbitrability of all disputes. However, the arbitrator will apply applicable substantive law consistent with the FAA and the applicable statute of limitations or condition precedent to suit. Arbitration will be handled by a sole arbitrator in accordance with the JAMS Rules. Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court that has jurisdiction. Any arbitration under these Terms & Conditions will take place on an individual basis – class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted. You understand that by agreeing to these Terms & Conditions, you and MUBI are each waiving the right to trial by jury or to participate in a class action or class arbitration.
9.3 Exceptions
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you and MUBI agree that the following types of disputes will be resolved in a court of proper jurisdiction: (i) disputes or claims within the jurisdiction of a small claims court consistent with the jurisdictional and dollar limits that may apply, as long as it is brought and maintained as an individual dispute and not as a class, representative, or consolidated action or proceeding; (ii) disputes or claims where the sole form of relief sought is injunctive relief (including public injunctive relief); or (iii) intellectual property disputes.
9.4 Costs of Arbitration
Payment of all filing, administration, and arbitrator costs and expenses will be governed by the JAMS Rules, except that if you demonstrate that any such costs and expenses owed by you under those rules would be prohibitively more expensive than a court proceeding, MUBI will pay the amount of any such costs and expenses that the arbitrator determines are necessary to prevent the arbitration from being prohibitively more expensive than a court proceeding (subject to possible reimbursement as set forth below).

Fees and costs may be awarded as provided pursuant to applicable law. If the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in the demand is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all fees will be governed by the JAMS rules. In that case, you agree to reimburse MUBI for all monies previously disbursed by it that are otherwise your obligation to pay under the applicable rules. If you prevail in the arbitration and are awarded an amount that is less than the last written settlement amount offered by MUBI before the arbitrator was appointed, MUBI will pay you the amount it offered in settlement. The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of fees or expenses at any time during the proceeding and upon request from either party made within 14 days of the arbitrator’s ruling on the merits.
9.5 Opt-Out
You have the right to opt-out and not be bound by the arbitration provisions set forth in these Terms & Conditions by sending written notice of your decision to opt-out to . The notice must be sent to MUBI within thirty (30) days of your first registering to use the Services or agreeing to these Terms & Conditions; otherwise you shall be bound to arbitrate disputes on a non-class basis in accordance with these Terms & Conditions. If you opt out of only the arbitration provisions, and not also the class action waiver, the class action waiver still applies. You may not opt out of only the class action waiver and not also the arbitration provisions. If you opt-out of these arbitration provisions, MUBI also will not be bound by them.
9.6 Waiver of Right to Bring Class Action and Representative Claims
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you and MUBI each agree that any proceeding to resolve any dispute, claim, or controversy will be brought and conducted ONLY IN THE RESPECTIVE PARTY’S INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS PART OF ANY CLASS (OR PURPORTED CLASS), CONSOLIDATED, MULTIPLE-PLAINTIFF, OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING ("CLASS ACTION"). You and MUBI AGREE TO WAIVE THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY CLASS ACTION. You and MUBI EXPRESSLY WAIVE ANY ABILITY TO MAINTAIN A CLASS ACTION IN ANY FORUM. If the dispute is subject to arbitration, THE ARBITRATOR WILL NOT HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO COMBINE OR AGGREGATE CLAIMS, CONDUCT A CLASS ACTION, OR MAKE AN AWARD TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY NOT A PARTY TO THE ARBITRATION. Further, you and MUBI agree that the ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE PROCEEDINGS FOR MORE THAN ONE PERSON’S CLAIMS, AND IT MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A CLASS ACTION. For the avoidance of doubt, however, you can seek public injunctive relief to the extent authorized by law and consistent with the Exceptions clause above.

IF THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER IS LIMITED, VOIDED, OR FOUND UNENFORCEABLE, THEN, UNLESS THE PARTIES MUTUALLY AGREE OTHERWISE, THE PARTIES’ AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE SHALL BE NULL AND VOID WITH RESPECT TO SUCH PROCEEDING SO LONG AS THE PROCEEDING IS PERMITTED TO PROCEED AS A CLASS ACTION. If a court decides that the limitations of this paragraph are deemed invalid or unenforceable, any putative class, private attorney general, or consolidated or representative action must be brought in a court of proper jurisdiction and not in arbitration.
10. General Terms & Conditions
10.1 Privacy
We collect personal information about you through and in connection with your use of the website and your use and/or purchase of MUBI’s Products and Services. Our Privacy Policy describes how we handle the information you provide to use when you use the Services. For an explanation of our privacy practices, please visit our Privacy Policy, which may also be accessed from the menu to the left or our website footer.
10.2 Promotion Codes
We may offer certain promotional codes, referral codes, discount codes, coupon codes or similar offers ("Promotional Codes") that may be redeemed for discounts on future Offerings, or other features or benefits related to the Services, subject to any additional terms that MUBI establishes. You agree that Promotional Codes: (a) must be used in a lawful manner; (b) must be used for the intended audience and purpose; (c) may not be duplicated, sold or transferred in any manner, or made available by you to the general public (whether posted to a public forum, coupon collecting service, or otherwise), unless expressly permitted by us; (d) may be disabled or have additional conditions applied to them by us at any time for any reason without liability to us; (e) may only be used pursuant to the specific terms that us establishes for such Promotional Code; (f) are not valid for cash or other credits or points; and (g) may expire prior to your use. Any Promotional Code cannot be used in conjunction with any other Promotional Code or offer, past or present.
10.3 Referral Codes
If you have an account in good standing, you are not in breach of these terms and you satisfy certain other requirements established by MUBI, you may be eligible to participate in our referral program. We may provide you with a unique referral code ("Referral Code") that you can use to refer other users to the Services. If you (i) refer a new user to the Services and (ii) such user uses your Referral Code in connection with signing up for the Services and subscribing to any paid Services, you may be eligible to receive a 30 day credit to your paid subscription and the referred user may also receive a 30 day credit to be applied to their paid subscription. You agree not to share, publish or distribute your Referral Code on commercial websites, blogs, or other websites not controlled by you. You are prohibited from "spamming" anyone with Referral Codes, including mass emailing, texting or messaging people you do not know or using automated systems or bots through any channel to distribute your Referral Code. You are prohibited from paying to advertise your Referral Code. You agree not to resell or license your Referral Code for use by others, other than to referred users who use the Referral Code to sign up to use the Services. The Company may limit the number of Referral Codes available to you and may reclaim, deactivate, invalidate or otherwise terminate or suspend your Referral Code in its discretion. The referred user must sign up through your personal link that we provide to you in order to be eligible for you and such user to be eligible for such credit. A referred user cannot use a Referral Code in connection with any other Promotional Code, and may only use on Referral Code. This referral program cannot be combined with any other referral programs or similar incentives. If you successfully refer three other users to the Services and they each continue their paid subscription after their free trial, you may be eligible to receive a free MUBI tote bag or similar item, as determined in our sole discretion. You will only be eligible to receive one such tote bag in connection with your referrals. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to suspend, disable or remove any Referral Code or your participation in this referral program or eligibility to receive a tote bag or other items, and to refuse to provide you or any referred user any credit in connection with your referral without any liability to you. We reserve the right in our sole discretion to update, modify, change or terminate this referral program (or any aspect thereof), with or without notice to you.
10.4 Indemnity by you
You agree to indemnify and hold MUBI, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of their directors, officers, agents, contractors, partners and employees (the "MUBI Entities"), harmless from and against any loss, liability, claim, demand, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney’s fees, arising out of or in connection with your purchase or use of any product or services, Your Content, any violation of this Agreement or of any law or the rights of any third party, or your negligence or willful misconduct.
10.5 Disclaimer of Warranties
Your access to and use of the Services are at your own risk. MUBI makes no warranties of any kind, express or implied, with respect to any films made available on this site. The Services, including, without limitation, any films and movie gifts, are provided or sold "as is" and "as available". Without limiting the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, the MUBI Entities DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANT, ABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. MUBI cannot guarantee and does not promise any specific results from use of its products or services. MUBI does not represent or warrant that its products, services, or any part thereof: (a) are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free; (b) are free of viruses or other harmful components; (c) will operate or be compatible with any particular system or device. MUBI also makes no representation or warranty as to the deletion of, or the failure to store or transmit, Your Content and other communications maintained by the Services. Therefore, you should exercise caution in the use and downloading of any such content or materials and use industry-recognized software to detect and disinfect viruses.
10.6 Limitations on Liability
To the extent not prohibited by law, in no event will the MUBI Entities be liable to you or any third person for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including for any lost profits or lost data arising from your purchase or use of any products or services, even if the MUBI Entities are aware or has been advised of the possibility of such damages, and regardless of whether theory of liability, whether under these Terms & Conditions or otherwise arising in any way in connection with the services or these Terms & Conditions and whether in contract, strict liability or tort (including negligence or otherwise). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the MUBI Entities’ total liability to you for any cause whatsoever, and regardless of the form of the action, will at all times be limited to the amount paid by you to MUBI for the Service, but in no case will the MUBI Entities’ total liability to you exceed US$1,000. Without limiting the foregoing, you acknowledge and agree that we will have no liability or responsibility to you for any personal injury or property damage of any nature whatsoever, whether arising in contract or in tort, resulting from your access to and use of our products or services, including, without limitation, at any cinema. Certain state laws, including the state of New Jersey, do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you may have additional rights.

WARNING: THE UNAUTHORIZED REPRODUCTION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THIS COPYRIGHTED WORK IS ILLEGAL AND MAY BE PROSECUTED UNDER CRIMINAL OR CIVIL LAW.
10.7 Termination of License and Your Account
If you breach any of the provisions of these Terms & Conditions, all licenses granted by MUBI will terminate automatically. Additionally, MUBI may suspend, disable, or delete your account and/or the Services (or any part of the foregoing) with or without notice, for any or no reason, including if your breach these Terms & Conditions. If MUBI deletes your account for any suspected breach of these Terms & Conditions by you, you are prohibited from re-registering for the Services under a different name. In the event of account deletion for any reason, MUBI may, but is not obligated to, delete any of Your Content or other information associated with your account. The Company shall not be responsible for the failure to delete or deletion of such content or information. All sections which by their nature should survive the termination of these Terms & Conditions shall continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding any termination of these Terms & Conditions by MUBI or you. Termination will not limit any of MUBI’s other rights or remedies at law or in equity.
10.8 Updating These Terms
MUBI may modify these Terms & Conditions from time to time in which case we will update the "Last Revised" date at the top of these Terms & Conditions. If we make changes that are material, we will use reasonable efforts to attempt to notify you, such as by e-mail and/or by placing a prominent notice on the first page of the Website. However, it is your sole responsibility to review these Terms & Conditions from time to time to view any such changes. The updated Terms & Conditions will be effective as of the time of posting, or such later date as may be specified in the updated Terms & Conditions. Your continued access or use of the Services after the modifications have become effective will be deemed your acceptance of the modified Terms & Conditions. No amendment shall apply to a dispute for which an arbitration has been initiated prior to the change in Terms & Conditions.
10.9 Injunctive Relief
You agree that a breach of these Terms & Conditions will cause irreparable injury to MUBI for which monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy and MUBI shall be entitled to equitable relief in addition to any remedies it may have hereunder or at law without a bond, other security or proof of damages.
10.10 Force Majeure
We will not be liable or responsible to you, nor be deemed to have defaulted under or breached these Terms & Conditions, for any failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any of our obligations under these Terms & Conditions or in providing the Services, when and to the extent such failure or delay is caused by or results from any events beyond our control, including acts of God, flood, fire, earthquake, epidemics, pandemics, tsunami, explosion, war, invasion, hostilities (whether war is declared or not), terrorist threats or acts, riot or other civil unrest, government order, law, or action, embargoes or blockades, strikes, labor stoppages or slowdowns or other industrial disturbances, shortage of adequate or suitable Internet connectivity, telecommunication breakdown or shortage of adequate power or electricity, and other similar events beyond our control.
10.11 California Residents
If you are a California resident, in accordance with Cal. Civ. Code § 1789.3, you may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112 Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.
10.12 Miscellaneous
If any provision of these Terms & Conditions shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms & Conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. These Terms & Conditions and the licenses granted hereunder may be assigned by MUBI but may not be assigned by you without the prior express written consent of MUBI. No waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default. The section headings used herein are for reference only and shall not be read to have any legal effect. These Terms & Conditions are governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to conflict of laws rules, and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the arbitration venue set forth above, or if arbitration does not apply, then the state and federal courts located in Santa Clara County, California. These Terms & Conditions will not limit any consumer protection rights that you may be entitled to under the mandatory laws of your local jurisdiction. You and MUBI agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply to the interpretation or construction of these Terms & Conditions.
10.13 How to Contact Us
You may contact us regarding the Services or these Terms & Conditions by email at .