Terms of Use | Mumsnet
Skip to main content
Skip to main navigation
Skip to search
Advertisement
Terms of Use
1. Intellectual property: restrictions on use, mining and scraping
a. This Website and its contents, including all intellectual property rights, are owned or licensed to Mumsnet, all rights reserved. Reproduction of all or any part of the Website in any form is prohibited. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world.
b. ["Mumsnet"] and ["Gransnet"] are [UK registered] trade marks of Mumsnet. You are not permitted to use them without our approval, unless they are part of material you are using as permitted under this clause.
c. No part of the Website may be distributed, scraped or copied for any purpose without express approval and a licence to do so from us or our licensors. If you are interested in copying, licensing or using Mumsnet content for any purpose, then contact us at
[email protected]
.
d. If you print off, copy, download, use, share or repost any part of our Website in breach of these terms, your right to use our Website will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made (except that you are permitted to print off a copy of these terms).
e. You shall not conduct, facilitate, authorise or permit any text or data mining or web scraping in relation to our Website for any purpose, including the development, training, fine-tuning or validation of AI systems or models. This includes using (or permitting, authorising or attempting the use of):
i. Any "robot", "bot", "spider", "scraper" or other automated device, program, tool, algorithm, code, process or methodology to access, obtain, copy, monitor or republish any portion of our Website or any data, content, information or services accessed via the same.
ii. Any automated analytical technique aimed at analysing text and data in digital form to generate information or develop, train, fine-tune or validate AI systems or models which includes but is not limited to patterns, trends and correlations.
f. The provisions in this clause should be treated as an express reservation of our rights in this regard, including for the purposes of Article 4(3) of the Digital Copyright Directive ((EU) 2019/790).
g. This clause will not apply insofar as (but only to the extent that) we are unable to exclude or limit text or data mining or web scraping activity by contract under the laws which are applicable to us.
2. Submissions to Mumsnet
a. We may now or in the future permit users to post, upload, transmit through or otherwise make available on the Website (collectively, "Submit") messages, recipes, text, illustrations, files, images, graphics, photos, comments, sounds, music, videos, information, content, and/or other materials ("User Content"). We have the right to publish, edit or reject any User Content that you Submit, send us either via email, via the Website or in writing via post for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without payment to you - unless we have specifically agreed otherwise in writing prior to submission. If you wish to contact us in relation to User Content that you have uploaded to our Website and that we have taken down, please contact us at
[email protected]
.
b. By uploading User Content to our Website, you confirm to us that it is not confidential and not protected by any trade mark, patent, copyright or any other intellectual property right ("non-proprietary"). By submitting User Content to us you automatically grant to us a worldwide, fully-paid up, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, fully sublicensable, and transferable right and license to use, store, record, sell, lease, copy, reproduce, distribute, create derivative works based upon (including, without limitation, translations), publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, publish and otherwise exploit the User Content (in whole or in part) as Mumsnet, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate forever. We may exercise these rights in any format, media or technology now known or later developed for the full term of any copyright and other intellectual property rights that may exist in such User Content. You also grant to us, in our capacity as non-exclusive licensee, the right to sue; bring proceedings, claims or actions; obtain relief (and retain all damages, accounts of profits, costs and other sums recovered) in respect of any suspected third party infringements of the intellectual property rights in the User Content which are directly connected to the rights granted to us under this clause. You agree that we will have sole conduct of any such actions and sole discretion to negotiate and settle them. You also agree to (at our cost) provide us with reasonable, non-financial assistance if we ask you to, in relation to any such actions (for example, by signing additional documents to give full effect to this clause).
c. Subject to the rights and license you grant to us under these Terms of Use, you retain all your right, title and interest in your User Content submissions. This means that copyright in your User Content will remain with you and that you can continue to use the material in any way, including allowing others to use it.
d. You agree that you will not submit any User Content protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right or other intellectual property, personal, contractual, proprietary or other right owned by a third party without the express permission of the owner of the respective right. You are solely liable for any damage resulting from your failure to obtain such permission or from any other harm resulting from User Content that you submit. You represent, warrant, and covenant that you will not submit any User Content that:
i. Violates or infringes in any way upon the rights of others, including, but not limited to, any copyright, trademark, moral right or other third party right of any person or entity;
ii. Impersonates another or is unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, obscene, harassing or otherwise objectionable;
iii. Contains any illegal content or promotes any illegal content or activity;
iv. Contains a formula, instruction or advice that could cause harm or injury; and/or
v. The licensed use by us hereunder would result in us having any obligation or liability to any party.
e. You are liable to us and will indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. This means you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty.
f. We rely on you to present us with User Content that contains accurate and factual material. We assume no responsibility for the accuracy of information provided on Mumsnet. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you waive any and all claims you may now or later have in any jurisdiction to so-called "moral rights" or rights of "droit moral" with respect to the User Content.
g. We reserve the right to display advertisements in connection with your User Content and to use your User Content for advertising and promotional purposes.
3. Data protection and information gathering
Our
privacy policy
sets out how Mumsnet uses and protects any information you give us when you use this website. As a rule, we don't disclose any personal information to third parties, unless we have your permission or are specifically required to by law. However, on rare occasions where there appears to be a clear need to safeguard the welfare of a Mumsnetter and/or his/her family, it may be necessary to contact relevant authorities about a clearly identifiable member and his/her posts on Mumsnet.
4. Affiliate advertising
Mumsnet carries some affiliate marketing links, which means we earn a commission on the sale of some products when users purchase through links on our site or our emails. You may not post affiliate links without the prior permission of Mumsnet.
5. Mumsnet Premium
Subscriptions
Mumsnet offers monthly and annual subscriptions. We reserve the right to vary the features and types of service we make available to different categories of users at any time.
We will try our utmost to process your subscription promptly but we don't guarantee your subscription will be activated by any specified time. Our contract with you to provide subscription services will be formed, and your access to subscription services will start, when we have successfully verified your payment and contact details. You will receive written confirmation when we have done this.
Renewal
Unless specifically stated in an offer or promotion when you place your subscription order with us, and unless Mumsnet decides to revoke your subscription (for example if you are banned from the site), you agree that at the end of the initial subscription period (and of each renewal period thereafter), your subscription will automatically renew for the same subscription period at the then prevailing renewal rate, which may change from time to time. You may cancel your subscription at any time as set out below.
Cancellation
You have the right to cancel your subscription at any time. If you cancel, you will continue to have access to your subscription until the end of the current subscription term. Payment already taken cannot be reimbursed.
You can cancel your subscription by completing the '
cancel my subscription
' action at
mumsnet.com/settings/premium
or by notifying Mumsnet customer support at
[email protected]
.
Mumsnet reserves the right to cancel individuals' subscriptions at any time and for any reason. If your membership of the site and/or subscription is terminated by Mumsnet due to a breach of these terms or our site's wider T&Cs (which will be determined solely by Mumsnet), you will not be entitled to receive a refund of payments already taken. Any scheduled payments will be cancelled and further payments not taken. You will continue to be responsible for any fees or other charges you have incurred prior to such termination.
Deregistration
If you choose to, you can deregister your account entirely (closing your membership and removing access to the platform).
If you deregister while a Premium account is still active, your subscription will end immediately, and you will lose access to all Premium features at the point of deregistration.
Contacting us about your subscription
If you have any queries please contact our customer support at
[email protected]
.
Fees and payments
You are responsible for any fees that are payable, including any processing or other fees charged by the issuing bank/payment provider.
The cost of your subscription will be made clear to you on the subscription order pages or otherwise during the order process. It may change from time to time. You agree to pay the fees at the rates notified to you at the time you purchase your subscription, together with any processing or other associated fees charged by the issuing bank/payment provider. Eligibility for any discounts is ascertained at the time you subscribe and cannot be changed during the term of your subscription. We will always inform you in advance of any increase in the price of your subscription and offer you an opportunity to cancel it if you do not wish to pay the new price.
You are responsible for the payment of all charges associated with the use, by you or someone else, of the site and/or a digital application using your ID.
When you purchase a subscription, you must provide us with complete and accurate payment information. By submitting payment details you confirm that you are entitled to use those payment details for this purpose. If we do not receive payment authorisation or any authorisation is subsequently cancelled, we may immediately terminate or suspend your access to your subscription, and in suspicious circumstances, we may contact the issuing bank/payment provider and/or law enforcement authorities or other appropriate third parties.
If your membership of the site or subscription is terminated by Mumsnet due to a breach of these terms or our site's wider T&Cs (which will be determined solely by Mumsnet), you will not be entitled to receive a refund of payments already taken. Any scheduled payments will be cancelled and further payments not taken. You will continue to be responsible for any fees or other charges you have incurred prior to such termination.
Refunds can only be made to the credit/debit/charge card that was used for the original purchase, unless it has expired, in which case we will contact you.
6. Our commitment to illegal content moderation and child safety
Mumsnet is committed to protecting users from harmful and illegal content, and to removing such content swiftly and responsibly if it occurs. Our policies, tools and moderation processes are designed to detect, block and respond to illegal content effectively.
Mumsnet is intended for use by individuals aged 18 and over only.
How we protect users from illegal content
We categorise and respond to illegal content in the following ways:
Terrorism-related content:
We take immediate steps to block or remove content that promotes or incites terrorism. Where possible, such material is prevented from appearing on the site using proactive detection tools, and we escalate serious threats to relevant authorities.
Child sexual exploitation and abuse (CSEA) material:
Our platform uses automated image-scanning technology to detect known or suspected illegal imagery, including Child Sexual Exploitation and Abuse (CSEA) material, as well as potentially unsafe links.
All flagged content is immediately blocked from public view, hidden before it appears and reviewed by a trained human moderator. Where appropriate, we report such content to relevant child protection and law enforcement agencies.
Other priority illegal content (which includes the categories of harrasment, stalking, threats and abuse offences; coercive and controlling behaviour; hate offences; intimate image abuse; sexual exploitation of adults; unlawful immigration; human trafficking; fraud and financial offences; proceeds of crime; asissting or encouraging suicide; drugs and psychoactive substances; weapons offences; foreign interference and animal welfare): We use a mix of automated systems and human moderation to detect and remove such content as quickly as possible. Where required, we escalate to law enforcement or other authorities.
In all cases, our goal is to minimise the time such content remains accessible on the platform, whether it's identified by our systems, flagged by users or found by moderators.
If we are alerted to illegal content — whether by a user report, internal review or another source — we act swiftly to assess and remove the content in line with our policies.
Use of proactive technology
To prevent and minimise the spread of illegal content, we use a range of automated tools, including:
Image scanning software that detects known illegal or abusive imagery before it appears publicly.
Automated filters and keyword detection to flag potential priority illegal content (e.g. terrorism, threats of violence, child harm) for immediate review.
Automated hiding of flagged posts pending human moderator review, especially where urgency or risk is high.
These tools operate continuously and are regularly reviewed and updated to ensure they are effective and proportionate.
Complaints and moderation process
If a user believes that harmful or illegal content is present on the site, they can report it directly using our on-site reporting tools or by contacting our moderation team via
[email protected]
.
We are committed to:
Reviewing complaints promptly, typically within 24 hours.
Removing or restricting access to illegal content swiftly where necessary.
Escalating complaints or reports involving serious risk or illegality to the relevant authorities.
Where appropriate, users may be contacted for additional information or clarification, and we reserve the right to suspend or permanently ban accounts in breach of our policies.
If we believe that a user or their child is at risk, we have a safeguarding process in place to escalate concerns to the relevant authorities.
We also maintain an internal complaints handling process to ensure concerns are addressed consistently and fairly.
We continuously review and update our policies to ensure we meet the highest safety standards.
These Terms of Use were updated and published on 22nd July 2025.
Click here for an easy read version
Get involved
Play today's Crossword
Play
Play today's Sudoku
Play
Play today's Codeword
Play
Play today's Guessword
Play
Play today's Numberfit
Play
About us
Advertise with us
Mumsnet in the media
Influencers network
Insight
Campaigns
Careers
Parental leave policy
Gransnet
AIBU
Talk
Pregnancy and baby
Parenting
Pregnancy
Reviews
Swears by
Pregnancy calendar
Ovulation calculator
Due date calculator
Conception advice
Preparing for a baby
Newborns guide
Baby care
Get Mumsnet direct to your inbox
Subscribe now
Join us
Download the Talk app
© 2026 Mumsnet Ltd.
Mumsnet carries some affiliate marketing links, so if you buy something through our posts, we may get a small share of the sale
(more details here)
Help
Contact Us
Terms of use
Privacy
Privacy settings
Accessibility
Talk Guidelines