terms of service
These terms and conditions (hereinafter referred to as "these terms and conditions") set out the conditions for use of all services (hereinafter referred to as "the Services") provided by My Best Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "our company") under the name of My Best's services, between our company and all customers who use the Services (hereinafter referred to as "My Best Users").

Article 1 (Agreement to Terms)
My Best Users must use the Service in accordance with the provisions of these Terms and Conditions. My Best Users may not use the Service unless they have validly and irrevocably agreed to these Terms and Conditions.
If the My Best User is a minor, they must obtain consent from their legal guardian or other legal representative before using this service.
By actually using the Service, My Best Users are deemed to have validly and irrevocably agreed to these Terms and Conditions, and these Terms and Conditions will apply to My Best Users from the time of such agreement.
Article 2 (Definition)
In these Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

"My Best Users" refers to all persons who use the Service, including those previously referred to as "Creators" in the "favlist Terms of Use."
"My Best Points" refers to the bonus points awarded to My Best Users in this Service.
"Review posting" refers to a service in which My Best users create and post product reviews based on their actual experience using the product in a location and manner designated by our company within the Service.
"Content" refers to text, music, images, videos, programs, code, and other information.
"Content" refers to the content that can be accessed through the Service.
"Posted Content" refers to content that My Best Users post, send, upload, etc. to the Service and store on a server managed by our company.
"Publicly Posted Content" means posted content on the Service that can be viewed or accessed by other My Best Users. Posted Content includes, but is not limited to, posts made using the review posting function.
"Creator Program" refers to a system that awards My Best Points to My Best Users based on their posted content and other achievements, as separately determined by the Company.
Article 3 (Handling of Information)
When My Best Users provide information about themselves to the Company in connection with the use of the Service, they must provide true, accurate, and complete information.
The handling of My Best Users' personal information will be in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, as well as our privacy policy and the privacy protection of this service.
Article 4 (My Best Registered Users)
Registration Procedure
My Best Users may become My Best Registered Users by completing the registration procedures specified by the Company (hereinafter referred to as "Account Registration").
The services provided by our company to registered My Best users may differ from those to My Best users who have not registered an account. The content of the services provided may be determined at our discretion and may be changed at any time.
Management and change of registered information
If there is a change in the account registration details of a My Best registered user, the user must promptly complete the account registration change procedure in the manner specified by the Company.
My Best registered users are responsible for managing their account information and passwords at their own risk and may not use, lend, or transfer them to third parties.
The Company shall not be liable for any damages incurred by a My Best Registered User who fails to promptly complete the account registration change procedure or due to insufficient management by the My Best Registered User, unless the cause is attributable to the Company.
Cancellation, suspension of use, etc.
My Best Registered Users can cancel their membership to the Service and cancel their registration as a My Best Registered User by following the cancellation procedures specified by our company.
Even if a MyBest Registered User cancels his/her membership with the Service, if he/she has purchased any Products, etc. through the Service prior to his/her cancellation, he/she shall remain obligated to fulfill any outstanding debts even after his/her cancellation, and shall not be exempted from fulfilling such debts on the grounds of cancellation. In such cases, the Company shall not be liable for the fulfillment of debts of the MyBest Registered User or the manufacturer/seller of the Products, etc.
Upon cancellation of membership, My Best registered users will lose all benefits and rights related to the use of the service, including the right to obtain all My Best points or equivalent items, other achievements, benefits, and prizes.
The following information may remain even after you cancel your membership.
Browsing history
Save as favorite
The handling of personal information after cancellation will be in accordance with our privacy policy.
If we determine that a My Best Registered User has violated or is likely to violate these Terms and Conditions or the Individual Terms of Use set forth in Article 15, we may, at our discretion, refuse registration, suspend use, or terminate membership without notice to the My Best Registered User.
Article 5 (Prohibited matters)
When using the Service, My Best Users must not engage in any of the following activities and guarantee that they will not engage in any of the following activities:

Any act that violates laws, regulations, court judgments, decisions or orders, or legally binding administrative measures.
Any act that may harm public order or good morals (including acts such as posting, publishing, publishing or transmitting excessively violent language, explicit sexual language, or other anti-social content that offends others).
Any act that infringes the rights of our company or a third party (including intellectual property rights such as copyrights, trademarks, patents, portrait rights, right to reputation, right to privacy, and other legal or contractual rights).
Impersonating our company or a third party or intentionally spreading false information
Using the Service for commercial purposes without obtaining the prior consent of the Company
Actions that are deemed to have the primary purpose of meeting or dating someone of the opposite sex
Using the Service for purposes other than those intended by the Service
Providing benefits to anti-social forces or other acts of cooperation, or if the Company determines that the My Best User is a member of, or has some kind of interaction with, or involvement in, anti-social forces.
Religious activities or acts of solicitation to religious organizations
Sending or writing harmful computer programs, etc.
Collecting, disclosing, or providing personal information, registration information, or usage history information of a third party without permission
Any act that interferes with or disrupts the operation of this service by our company or the use of this service by other My Best users.
Any act of providing false information in whole or in part regarding the registration information provided to the Company
Reprinting comments or images of our company, My Best users, or other third parties in posted content beyond the scope of quotation.
Any fraudulent or threatening act, harassment act, or any act that causes disadvantage, damage, or discomfort to the Company, My Best Users, or any other third party.
Actions that constitute stealth marketing
Displaying your own or a third party's address, telephone number, email address, or other contact information that identifies you in any way in a location that is visible to an unspecified number of viewers of the Service
Acts of fraudulently acquiring My Best Points by methods other than those specified by our company, such as by running scripts or other programs, and acts of posting, changing, or deleting posted content
Any act of illegally accessing or attempting to illegally access our network or systems, etc.
Any act that places an excessive load on the network or system of this service
Posting links, promotions, advertisements, solicitations, sales, introductions or inducements to websites that are not approved by the Company in the posted content
Posting affiliate links or website URLs for purposes other than introducing products or services
Actions that may cause misunderstanding or misperception among My Best Users
Requesting or pleading with My Best Users for clicks
The act of generating results by using non-existent information or information of others
Reselling purchased products or promoting or encouraging such actions.
Actions that violate public order and morals
Any act that may interfere with the smooth operation of this service
Actions that violate the rules and guidelines regarding the use of this service
Actions that violate the separately established review posting guidelines
Any act that aids or encourages any of the acts prohibited above.
Any other actions that the Company deems inappropriate
Article 6 (Copyright Ownership and Use of Copyrighted Works)
All copyrighted works within the Service (including, but not limited to, product descriptions, reviews, and images) created by the Company belong to the Company, and all copyrighted works created by My Best Users belong to the My Best Users. Furthermore, My Best Users grant the Company permission to freely use such content within the Company's Services or third-party services designated by the Company, and agree not to exercise any moral rights of the author with respect to such content. However, Users may request the Company to delete any content they have posted, and in such cases, the Company will comply with such request unless the deletion of such content would cause significant disruption to the Company or other My Best Users.
If a My Best User uses a work copyrighted by a third party other than the User in the posted content, the User must obtain permission from the third party in advance to use the work for the Company and the User himself/herself. However, this does not apply if the quotation is made lawfully under the Copyright Act within the "reasonable scope for the purpose of quotation."
My Best Users may not use the Content in any manner beyond the scope of use naturally intended by the Service (including copying, transmission, reproduction, modification, etc.), unless prior consent is obtained from the Company.
The Company may check the content of posted content when it is necessary to confirm compliance with laws and regulations or these Terms of Use, etc. However, the Company is not obligated to carry out such checks.
If the Company determines that a My Best User has violated or is at risk of violating laws and regulations or these Terms of Use with respect to their posted content, or if there is any other business need, the Company may restrict the use of the Service or the posted content by methods such as deleting the posted content from the servers managed by the Company without prior notice to the My Best User. Therefore, it is recommended that the My Best User always make a backup of their posted content.
Article 7 (Display regulations, advertising, and compliance with guidelines)
When creating and posting content on My Best, My Best users must comply with the Act against Unjustifiable Premiums and Misleading Representations, the Pharmaceutical and Medical Device Act, the Health Promotion Act, and other relevant laws and regulations.
When creating posted content in exchange for money, product provision, instructions, etc. from advertisers, etc., My Best Users shall make appropriate indications such as "PR" in accordance with the methods specified by our company.
If a My Best User introduces a product in their My Best posted content that they are involved in planning, developing, selling, etc., they must clearly state this.
Expressions of pharmaceutical efficacy (such as "cure," "improvement," "regeneration," and "rejuvenation"), as well as false and exaggerated claims, are prohibited.
Details of this article shall be in accordance with the various posting guidelines separately established by our company. The guidelines set out detailed standards regarding the prevention of stealth marketing, compliance with laws and regulations, prohibited expressions, prohibited products, etc.
If a violation of the guidelines is confirmed, we may take measures such as deleting or making the post private, or suspending the account.
Article 8 (Handling of Content)
When My Best users purchase products introduced in the content, a portion of the sales may be returned to our company.
The information published in the content is based on our own research at the time, or is automatically generated using the API provided by the EC site based on the JAN code of each product. We are not responsible for any fluctuations in the published price, or for any discrepancies with the latest price due to incorrect information caused by registration errors or other reasons. It is the responsibility of My Best users to check the latest prices and product details with each EC site, retailer, or manufacturer.
The product and service descriptions published in the content may refer to the content of manufacturers, businesses, e-commerce sites, etc. We will not be held responsible for any damages incurred by My Best users even if there are errors or changes in the referenced content.
The supervisors listed in the content supervise the "selection method," but the products and services listed in the rankings are not selected by the supervisors. The rankings are compiled and compiled independently by our company, and the supervisors are not responsible for the content.
We do not guarantee that the products listed in the content will have the effects and benefits described in the selection guide. It is the responsibility of My Best users to check the contents and product descriptions listed in each product or service before making a purchase decision.
The content dealing with insurance products, etc. is intended to provide information, and is not intended to solicit or recommend contracts for specific insurance products, etc. Since we do not guarantee the accuracy of the content, it is the responsibility of the My Best User to make decisions regarding individual products after contacting each insurance company.
The content dealing with financial products is for the purpose of providing information, and does not represent, intervene, mediate, recommend, or solicit the conclusion of contracts regarding individual financial products. Neither our company nor the information provider shall be held responsible for any damages incurred based on the information posted on this service.
The Company shall not provide any compensation to My Best Users regarding the accuracy, currency, usefulness, etc. of the posted content.
If the posted content causes damage to the Company, the My Best User who posted the content shall compensate the Company for the damage (including attorney's fees).
My Best Users shall not create posted content through this Service that includes expressions and information (including, but not limited to, text, sentences, and images) that fall under the following categories or that the Company deems to fall under the following categories:
Any statements that are contrary to the facts or exaggerations
Any content that contains slander, libel, or damages the reputation or credibility of our company, other My Best users, or other third parties.
Anything that infringes or is likely to infringe intellectual property rights such as copyrights or trademarks of our company, other My Best users, or other third parties.
Anything that violates various laws and regulations and causes damage to our company, the sales site, or the manufacturer or seller of the products.
Items that make it difficult to identify the product or are unrelated to the product's appeal
Anything that contains violent, ugly, cruel, or bizarre content
Sexually explicit content
What constitutes sexual harassment
Any content that is discriminatory, promotes discrimination, or includes expressions that violate human rights
Contains content that encourages suicide or self-harm
Any content that includes expressions that encourage the inappropriate use of drugs
Anything that is fraudulent or considered to be a malicious business practice
Expressions that significantly incite speculation
Anything unscientific or superstitious that may confuse or cause anxiety to users
Anything that affirms, glorifies or encourages crime
Contains computer viruses or other harmful computer programs
Anything that includes specific political or religious statements
Anything that seeks to spread information to third parties, such as chain emails
For the purpose of meeting the opposite sex
Anything that contains offensive language
Anything that includes anti-social content
Any PR or advertising activities that are not approved by our company
Anything that violates or may violate industry guidelines
Any other content that the Company deems inappropriate
My Best Users shall not register any products, etc. that fall under any of the following categories or that the Company deems to fall under any of the following categories through this Service:
Anything reminiscent of child pornography
Anything that solicits prostitution or compensated dating, or that justifies or encourages such activities
Medicines and medical devices that have not been approved in Japan
So-called illegal drugs, legal herbs, etc.
Counterfeit branded goods, imitation branded products, and counterfeit goods
Anything that invites or introduces you to pyramid schemes
Anything that solicits or introduces people to multilevel marketing (network businesses)
Ultra-small cameras and other items intended for illegal wiretapping or secret photography
Credit card shopping limit cash conversion service
Any other content that the Company deems inappropriate
Article 9 (Awarding of My Best Points)
Our company may grant provisional My Best Points based on individual terms of use such as guidelines. Details such as the number of My Best Points that can be granted and the conditions for obtaining My Best Points will be determined by our company.
The provisional My Best Points granted will be finalized when the Company finalizes the terms and conditions set forth in the preceding paragraph. The timing and conditions for finalizing the provisional My Best Points will be determined by the Company.
Article 10 (Creator Program)
The Company may award My Best Points to My Best Users in accordance with the " Creator Program " separately established by the Company.
The conditions for awarding My Best Points in the Creator Program, the number of points awarded, the timing of awarding, the conditions for confirmation, the suspension or cancellation of awarding, and all other handling shall be in accordance with the provisions of the " Creator Program " separately established by our company.
The provisions regarding My Best Points set forth in these Terms and Conditions will apply to My Best Points awarded under the Creator Program.
If we deem it necessary, we may change or discontinue all or part of the Creator Program.
Article 11 (My Best Points Exchange)
When a My Best User requests an exchange of their confirmed My Best Points, the Company will pay an amount equivalent to the My Best Points minus the financial institution's fees and the Company's administrative fees. The calculation of the My Best Points value for money and goods will be as determined by the Company.
The Company will use a payment method separately specified by My Best for the exchange of My Best Points. The Company may freely change the remittance and exchange method for exchanging My Best Points to another company's remittance and exchange service.
My Best User must designate a bank account in Japan as the transfer destination account. In addition, My Best User may not designate a transfer destination account other than an account in his/her own name.
In order to confirm that point exchanges are legitimate, we may verify the identity of My Best registered users using a prescribed method.
My Best Users may only exchange points if the confirmed amount of My Best Points exceeds 10,000 points.
Article 12 (Cancellation of My Best Points)
If any of the following events occur, we may cancel all or part of the My Best Points without obtaining the permission of the relevant My Best User.

If a My Best User cancels their membership to the Service
If the Company suspends or deletes the account of a My Best Registered User.
If 180 days have passed since the last time you earned My Best Points (confirmed points were awarded)
If My Best Points are obtained through cracking or other fraudulent means
When the prohibited acts of Article 5 apply
In the event of a violation of the matters stipulated in Article 7, Handling of Content
If the Company determines that more My Best Points than would normally be awarded have been awarded due to a system malfunction or other reason.
If it is confirmed that My Best Points have been transferred or received from a third party
If the Company determines that the conditions for granting My Best Points in Article 8 are not met.
If proof of purchase is not submitted during the purchase review, or if the proof of purchase is obtained fraudulently or does not meet the required conditions
If the Company discontinues all or part of the Service
If a My Best registered user is found to have violated these terms and conditions or individual terms of use
Article 13 (Indemnification to the Company)
If the Company suffers any direct or indirect damage, loss, or expenses (including attorney's fees) due to a My Best User's use of the Service in violation of laws and regulations or these Terms and Conditions (including if the Company receives a claim from a third party due to such use), the My Best User must immediately compensate or indemnify the Company in accordance with the Company's request.

Article 14 (Provision of the Service, No Warranty, Changes, and Suspension)
In order to use the Service or download the App, My Best Users must provide, at their own expense and responsibility, the necessary personal computers, mobile phones, communication equipment, operating systems, means of communication, electricity, etc.
We may limit the My Best Users who are able to receive the Service to those who meet the conditions deemed necessary by our company, such as whether they are registered as a My Best User, their age, whether they have been verified, or any other conditions.
The account for this service belongs exclusively to the My Best User. All usage rights of the My Best User for this service cannot be transferred, loaned, or inherited by a third party.
The Company may display advertisements for the Company or third parties on the Service.
If we deem it necessary, we may change the content of all or part of this service or discontinue its provision at any time without prior notice to My Best Users.
We do not guarantee that the Service (including the Content) is free from actual or legal defects (including, but not limited to, defects related to safety, reliability, accuracy, completeness, validity, fitness for a particular purpose, security, etc., errors or bugs, infringement of rights, etc.). We are not obligated to provide the Service to My Best Users without removing such defects. However, if the contract between us and My Best Users regarding the Service provided for a fee (including these Terms and Conditions) constitutes a consumer contract as defined by the Consumer Contract Act, this does not relieve us of all liability for compensation for damages incurred by My Best Users due to a hidden defect in the Service. Article 13, Paragraph 3 shall apply mutatis mutandis to compensation for damages in this case.
If we determine that a My Best User is using the Service in violation of these Terms and Conditions, we will take any measures that we deem necessary and appropriate. However, we do not guarantee to My Best User or any third party that the My Best User or any other person will not violate these Terms and Conditions. Furthermore, we are not obligated to My Best User or any third party to prevent or correct such violations.
My Best Users acknowledge in advance that they may not be able to use the Service and App if they use the Service in an environment other than that recommended by the Company (compatible OS, performance, functions, browser, etc.).
Article 15 (Exemption from Company Liability)
We do not guarantee that the Service will be suitable for the specific purposes of the User, that it will have the expected functionality, commercial value, accuracy, up-to-dateness, and usefulness, that the User's use of the Service will comply with laws and regulations or internal rules and guidelines of industry associations applicable to the User, or that there will be no malfunctions.
The Company shall not be liable for any compensation for any interruption, suspension, termination, unavailability or change in the provision of the Service by the Company, the deletion or loss of messages or information sent by the User to the Service, the cancellation of the User's registration, the loss of registered data or malfunction or damage to equipment due to the use of the Service, or any other damage suffered by the User in connection with the Service. However, if the contract between the Company and the User regarding the Service (including these Terms) constitutes a consumer contract as defined in the Consumer Contract Act, the disclaimer in this paragraph shall not apply.
Even if the Company is held liable for the damages set forth in the preceding paragraph for any reason, the Company shall not be liable for any damages incurred by My Best Users due to breach of contract or tort caused by the Company's negligence (excluding gross negligence; the same applies hereinafter in this paragraph) arising from special circumstances (including cases where the Company or the My Best User foresaw or could have foreseen the occurrence of the damages). The Company's liability is limited to ordinary and direct damages, and the Company shall not be liable for compensation for incidental, indirect, special, future damages, or damages related to lost profits. In addition, compensation for damages incurred by My Best Users due to breach of contract or tort caused by the Company's negligence shall be limited to the amount set forth below.
With regard to damages incurred by a user due to this service, the higher of the amount of line charges incurred by the user when using this service in the month in which the damage occurred or the total amount of My Best Points refunded for the most recent six months will be charged.
Even if a third party (including other My Best Users) suffers damage due to the content posted by a My Best User, the Company shall not be liable for compensation for such damage unless the case falls under the cases set forth in Article 3, Paragraph 1, Items 1 and 2 of the Act on Limitations on Liability for Damages of Specified Telecommunications Service Providers and on the Right to Demand Disclosure of Identification Information of the Caller.
The Company shall not be liable for any transactions, communications, disputes, etc. that arise between My Best Users and other My Best Users or third parties in connection with the Service. My Best Users shall resolve such matters at their own responsibility and expense, and if the Company directly or indirectly suffers any damage, loss, or expenses (including attorney's fees), the Company shall immediately compensate or indemnify such damage or expenses in accordance with the Company's request.
This service may include social buttons that link to external sites or apps. The terms and conditions of the service provider will apply to the use of linked external services and social buttons.
The Company does not guarantee operation due to OS upgrades or changes in the operating policies of the application platform regarding information terminals related to the Service.
Article 16 (Method of notification or contact)
Any notices or communications from us to My Best Users regarding this Service will be made by posting on an appropriate location on a website or app operated by us, or by other means we deem appropriate.
Any notices or contacts from My Best Users to the Company regarding the Service shall be made by submitting an inquiry form provided at an appropriate location on the website or app operated by the Company, or by any other method designated by the Company.
Article 17 (Relationship with Individual Terms of Use)
If there are documents distributed or posted by the Company with names such as "Terms of Use," "Guidelines," or "Policies" (hereinafter referred to as "Individual Terms of Use") regarding this Service that are separate from these Terms of Use, My Best Users must use this Service in accordance with the provisions of the Individual Terms of Use in addition to these Terms of Use.
If there are any conflicting provisions between the Individual Terms of Use and these Terms, the Individual Terms of Use will take precedence only in the areas of conflict.
Article 18 (Amendments to these Terms and Conditions)
The Company may, if it deems it necessary, modify these Terms and the Individual Terms of Use at any time without prior notice to My Best Users. The modified Terms and the Individual Terms of Use will take effect from the time they are posted on the website or in an appropriate location within the app operated by the Company (including postings using the app's notification function), and by continuing to use the Service after modifications to these Terms and the Individual Terms of Use have been made, My Best Users will be deemed to have valid and irrevocable consent to the modified Terms and the applicable Individual Terms of Use.

Article 19 (Governing Law, Jurisdiction)
The official text of these Terms and Conditions shall be in Japanese, and the governing law shall be Japanese law. Any disputes arising between My Best Users and our company arising from or in connection with this service shall be submitted to the Tokyo District Court or the Tokyo Summary Court as the exclusive court of first instance.

Article 20 (Transfer of status under this Agreement)
My Best Users may not assign, transfer, pledge, or otherwise dispose of their status under this Agreement or their rights or obligations under these Terms and Conditions to a third party without our prior consent.
In the event that the Company transfers the business related to the Service to a third party, the Company may transfer to the transferee its status under this Agreement, its rights and obligations under these Terms, etc., as well as My Best User's registration details and other user information, etc., and My Best User hereby consents to such transfer in advance. The business transfer referred to in this paragraph shall include not only business transfers as provided for in the Companies Act, but also company splits and any other cases in which the business is transferred.
Article 21 (Severability)
If any provision or part of any provision of these Terms and Conditions is determined to be invalid or unenforceable by law or regulation, the effectiveness of these Terms and Conditions will be limited only to that extent, and the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions and the remaining parts of the provision that is determined to be invalid or unenforceable will continue to be in full force and effect.

Article 22 (complete agreement)
These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between the Company and My Best Users, who are parties to the contract, regarding the matters contained in these Terms and Conditions, and take precedence over any prior agreements and understandings, whether oral or written, between the Company and My Best Users regarding the matters contained in these Terms and Conditions.

Article 23 (Consultation)
If any matter not specified in these Terms and Conditions or any doubt arises regarding the interpretation of these Terms and Conditions, the Company and My Best User shall negotiate in good faith and attempt to resolve the matter promptly.

Revised on April 11, 2018

Revised on August 5, 2021

Revised on August 28, 2023

Revised on March 26, 2024

Revised on July 12, 2024

Revised September 1, 2025

Revised on December 22, 2025