SITE POLICY
About the use of this site
This site(https://www.mynavi.jp)is a website managed by Mynavi Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "our company") that provides corporate information, service information, etc. Please read and understand the following precautions before using this site.

Prohibitions

The following actions are prohibited when using this website:
1. Any slanderous, libelous or threatening actions against third parties, our company, our group companies, or their officers or employees.
2. Any actions that cause disadvantage or damage to third parties or our company, or actions that could result in such actions.
3. Any actions that damage the credibility or dignity of our company or this website, or actions that could result in such actions.
4. Any criminal act or any action that is linked to a criminal act, or actions that could result in such actions
. 5. Any action that violates laws, regulations or ordinances, or actions that could result in such actions.
6. Any other action that our company deems inappropriate.

Intellectual property of this site

All information published on this website, including text, images, drawings, animations, videos, and audio (hereinafter referred to as "content"), is subject to our copyright and other intellectual property rights. The content of this website may be used solely for personal (non-commercial) use. Furthermore, regardless of the purpose, you may not reproduce, divert, modify, sell, or otherwise use the content in whole or in part without our written consent.

Disclaimer

Although we take the utmost care with regard to the information and materials posted on this website, we make no guarantee as to the accuracy or reliability of the information and materials posted. Furthermore, we shall not be held responsible for any errors in the content posted on this website, or for any damages or losses arising from the use or downloading of information or materials, regardless of the reason.
The information, files, and domains posted on this website may be changed, revised, or deleted without notice.

Recommended environment

■ Computer
: Latest version of Microsoft Edge
, Latest version of Google Chrome
, Latest version of Safari
, Latest version of FireFox

■ Smartphone
: iOS: Latest version of Safari
, Latest version of Android OS

*Although it may be possible to use the site even with an environment other than the recommended one, it may be difficult to operate or display the site properly, and there is a possibility that this may cause problems with use.
Furthermore, please be aware that in the unlikely event that a problem does occur, it may be difficult to respond, and we cannot guarantee that it will be resolved.

Links to this site

If you link to this site, please use the top page of this site.(https://www.mynavi.jp/)Please set your site in a manner that is consistent with the above. Furthermore, we strictly prohibit any links that fall into any of the following categories:

1. Links from websites containing content that is or may be contrary to public order and morals or the law.
2. Links that use frames or other forms of linking that infringe our copyright or other intellectual property rights, such as by making it unclear that the content is from our company
. 3. Links from websites containing content that defames or disparages our company, its products, or services.
4. Links for commercial purposes (links posted with the intent to make a profit).

We shall not be liable under any circumstances for any claims for damages or other complaints or claims from third parties regarding sites linked to this site.
If you link to this site, please ensure that we do not cause any damage to the linked site in the event of any complaints or claims from third parties. If we request that you remove a link to this website for any reason, you must remove the link immediately.
Third-party websites linked to this site are managed under the responsibility of their respective operators, and we assume no responsibility for such websites or their content.

Links to external sites

This website may contain links to other websites that are completely independent from this website. We make no guarantees regarding the accuracy, reliability, or trustworthiness of the information contained on such linked websites. Furthermore, links to other websites do not constitute an endorsement by us of the third parties or their websites, products, or services.