Who we are and our Contact Details
This website is operated by, and the goods are supplied by Next Retail Limited (“Next”, “we”, “us”, “our”).

Address: Next Retail Limited, Desford Road, Enderby, Leicester LE19 4AT
Company Registration Number: 04521150
VAT Registration Number: 179 7658 90
Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority for credit-related activity
Contact Details:

Should you require any further assistance or information, you can email us using our contact form. Alternatively, to chat to an Advisor click here.

Email: please click here to be taken to the Contact Us section.
Telephone: 0333 777 8000. For call charges contact your service provider.
Lines are open 8am to 9pm Monday to Friday and 8am to 7pm Saturday and Sunday. Telephone calls to and from Next are recorded and monitored to improve our service to our customers.

Website Use
Third Party Links
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.

No text or data mining, or web scraping
You shall not conduct, facilitate, authorise or permit any text or data mining or web scraping in relation to our site or any services provided via, or in relation to, our site unless (a) you are authorised to do so as a matter of law; or (b) you have our express prior written agreement to do so.

Liability
We only provide our site for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our site for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.

We do not exclude or limit our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.