Terms of Service
Please read these terms of service carefully before using this site. In particular, please be aware of: (a) the licence that you grant to us in section 24 (Rights you are giving us to use material you upload); and (b) the limits placed on our liability to you under these terms of service under the section 28 (Our responsibility for loss or damage suffered by you). 

If you do not agree to these terms of service, you must not access or use our site. 

1    What's in these terms?
These terms tell you the rules for using our website, https://www.nexusmods.com/ (our site), including any subdomains (e.g. users.nexusmods.com, forums.nexusmods.com and next.nexusmods.com), applications (e.g. Vortex and Nexus Mods App) and our APIs.

2    Who we are and how to contact us
Our site is operated by Black Tree Gaming Limited, t/a Nexus Mods (referred to in these terms of service as we, us or Nexus Mods). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 06360077 and have our registered office (and main trading address) at Southernhay Studios Dean Clarke House, Southernhay East, Exeter, England, EX1 1AP. Our VAT number is 107473914.

To contact us, please email support@nexusmods.com.

Our site provides users with services and information that facilitate the discussion and distribution of user-generated video game modifications (mods) and other digital media related to video games.

3    By using our site you accept these terms
By using our site, you confirm that you accept these terms of service and that you agree to comply with them. If you do not agree to these terms of service, you must not use our site.

We recommend that you print a copy of these terms for future reference.

By using our site, you confirm that you are aged 18 or older, or, that you are aged 13 or older and do so with the consent of a parent or legal guardian. Certain content displayed on our site is age-restricted (see section 23 below (Illegal and age-restricted content)). Age-restricted content will only be made available to users who we have been able to verify are 18 or over. 

4    There are other terms that may apply to you
These terms of service refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our site:

Our Privacy Policy.  See further under How we may use your personal information.
Our Moderation Policy, which sets out the actions that we may take where user-generated content uploaded or shared on our site fails to meet these terms of service and/or any document referred to in them, including but not limited to our File Submission Guidelines and our Forum and Commenting Guidelines.
Our File Submission Guidelines, which set out the standards which apply to any material you upload or share to our site using our file, image, and video sharing features.
Our Forum and Commenting Guidelines, which set out the rules which you must comply with when posting and otherwise using the forums on our site.
If you purchase a premium membership from our site, our Terms and Conditions of Supply will also apply to your purchase and use of premium features of our site. 
5    We may make changes to these terms
We amend these terms of service and the additional terms referred to in section 4 (There are other terms that may apply to you) from time to time. Every time you wish to use our site, we recommend that you check these terms to ensure you understand the terms that apply at that time. Please see the bottom of this page for the date these terms of service were last updated.

6    We may make changes to our site
We may update and change our site from time to time to reflect changes to our users' needs and our business priorities. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any major changes. 

7    We may suspend or withdraw our site
With the exception of premium features which are available only to paid subscribers, our site is made available free of charge. 

We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it (including user-generated content), will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of our site for business and operational reasons or because you are in breach of any of our terms, including these terms of service and any additional terms referred to in them. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal however we are not required to do so.

If we withdraw, suspend or restrict your access to our site or any part of it, this may also apply to content uploaded to the site by you. You are solely responsible for backing up your content.

You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of service and any other applicable terms, and that they comply with them.

8    We may transfer this agreement to someone else
We may transfer our rights and obligations under these terms of service to another organisation. We will always tell you in writing if this happens and we will ensure that the transfer will not affect your rights under the contract.

9    Your account details
There are features of our site which enable users to create a user account. When creating an account, you will be invited to choose a username. Any username (or other identifier) chosen by you must comply with our Forum and Commenting Guidelines and our File Submission Guidelines and section 23 (Illegal content). Any account registered using a username which breaches these rules may be suspended, banned or removed.

If you choose, or you are provided with, a username, user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security (including user management) procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party.

We have the right to disable your account, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any provision of these terms of service or any of the additional terms referred to in them.

If multiple users have access to your computer or device it is your responsibility to log out of your account and each such user should use their own account.

If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code, password or other identifier, you must promptly notify us at support@nexusmods.com. 

If you lose or forget your account login details, we may not be able to identify your account without details of the email address used to register it. 

Users are able to permanently delete their account using the feature found on the Security section of your account settings. More information on the deletion process, deleted data, and best practices can be found in our Account Deletion Guidelines.

Once you have registered a user account, you may set an avatar, signature and/or create a profile page. All content uploaded or shared on your profile page or signature (including any avatar and signature images) must comply with our File Submission Guidelines and section 23 (Illegal content). Avatar images must not contain animations designed to distract other users. If you use a link in your signature or on your profile page to a third party website, you must ensure that you have permission from the third party website owner to link to their site and ensure that all content of the linked site is appropriate to our audiences (as described in our File Submission Guidelines). We may remove animated avatars and/or third party website links that do not comply with these terms of service.

10    How you may use material on our site
Save in relation to user-generated content in and to which the relevant user retains all rights (see section 22 (Uploading content to our site), we are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material and content published on it. Those works are protected by copyright, database and trade mark laws around the world. All such rights are reserved.

You may only access and use our site for your personal use, to create and share enhancements to video games and for the purposes of creating and sharing enhancements to existing video game modifications shared by other users. You may only download content that is made available for such purposes – you may not download or copy content for any other purposes. Any downloadable content is only made available, and can only be used, for your own personal use and for purposes of creating and sharing enhancements to existing video game modifications.

You must not modify the digital copies of any material you have downloaded in any way except as is outlined above, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.

Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged. This applies to acknowledging any user-authors of mods made available on our site, including acknowledging them in any further modification or enhancement of that mod. 

You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.

If you copy, download or share any part of our site in breach of these terms of service, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made (except that you are permitted to print off a copy of these terms of service).

Attempting to download files or otherwise record data offered through our services (including but not limited to our site and the Nexus Mods API) in a manner that significantly exceeds normal and expected usage is prohibited without our express permission. Users found in violation of this term may have their account suspended.

11    No text or data mining, or web scraping
You shall not conduct, facilitate, authorise or permit any text or data mining or web scraping in relation to our site or any services provided via, or in relation to, our site for any purpose. This includes using (or permitting, authorising or attempting the use of):

Any "robot", "bot", "spider", "scraper" or other automated device, program, tool, algorithm, code, process or methodology to access, obtain, copy, monitor or republish any portion of our site or any data, content, information or services accessed via the same.
Any automated analytical technique aimed at analysing text and data in digital form to generate information or develop, train, fine-tune or validate AI systems or models which includes but is not limited to patterns, trends and correlations.
The provisions in this clause should be treated as an express reservation of our rights in this regard, including for the purposes of Article 4(3) of the Digital Copyright Directive ((EU) 2019/790).

You shall not use, and we do not consent to the use of, our site, or any data published by, or contained in, or accessible via, our site or any services provided via, or in relation to, our site for the purposes of developing, training, fine-tuning or validating any AI system or model.

This section will not apply insofar as (but only to the extent that) we are unable to exclude or limit text or data mining or web scraping activity by contract under the laws which are applicable to us.

Please contact us at support@nexusmods.com if you wish to seek an exemption to this provision.

12    Do not rely on information on this site
The content on our site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site.

Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, promises or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up to date.

13    We are not responsible for websites we link to
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them.

We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.

14    User-generated content is not approved by us
This site includes information and materials uploaded by other users of the site, including mods posted by users, comments and forum posts. This information and these materials have not been verified or approved by us. The views expressed by other users on our site do not represent our views or values.

15    How we protect you from illegal content
Whilst user-generated content is not approved by us, this provision sets out what we do to protect you from illegal content when using our site. 

We minimise the length of time for which terrorism content is present on the site by funding a fully staffed moderation team, supported by a team of volunteer moderators. We will swiftly take down terrorism content when we find out about it. 

We will minimise the length of time for which child sexual exploitation and abuse content is present on the site by using hash matching technology to automatically scan, detect and remove it. We will swiftly take down child sexual exploitation and abuse content when we find out about it. 

We will minimise the length of time for which other content that amounts to an offence is present on the site by funding a fully staffed moderation team, supported by a team of volunteer moderators. This applies to content relating to assisting suicide, threats to kill, public order offences, harassment, stalking and fear or provocation of violence, drugs and psychoactive substances, firearms and other weapons, assisting illegal immigration, human trafficking, sexual exploitation, sexual images, proceeds of crime, fraud, financial services, foreign interference, animal welfare and offences relating to being involved in committing any of these offences (known as inchoate offences). We will swiftly take down such content when we find out about it.

We also use keyword matching technology to automatically detect and report some illegal content to our moderation team. In some cases, this content will be automatically removed before manual intervention by moderators.

16    How we prevent children encountering pornographic, suicide, self-injury and eating disorder content
This is how we prevent children from encountering the following types of harmful content:

Pornography;
Content which encourages, promotes or provides instructions for suicide;
Content which encourages, promotes or provides instructions for an act of deliberate self-injury; and
Content which encourages, promotes or provides instructions for an eating disorder or behaviours associated with an eating disorder.
We ask users to tag their content appropriately at the time of upload to our site. If they do not, we use one of three processes to correctly tag it:

1. Users report the content and let our moderation team know it is mis-tagged, at which point it is correctly tagged.

2. Three separate users vote for the correct tag to be added, at which point the tag is added (in the case that the content author has not disabled this feature).

3. Our moderation team reviews recently uploaded content and adds the correct tags.

Content that has been correctly tagged is not available to anyone using our site without an account. Users that have registered and logged in to our site have these types of content disabled by default. In order to view this content users must pass an age check. Our age check is provided by k-ID and meets the requirements set out by Ofcom for highly effective age assurance. Third parties who use our APIs are responsible for filtering the content returned.

17   How we protect children from other harmful material
This is how we protect children from encountering the following types of harmful content, bearing in mind their age group:

Content which is abusive and which targets any of the following characteristics: race, religion (including lack of religion), sex, sexual orientation, disability (meaning any physical or mental impairment), or gender reassignment.
Content which incites hatred against people of a particular race (including colour, nationality, and ethnic or national origins), religion (including lack of religion), sex or sexual orientation, people who have a disability (meaning any physical or mental impairment) or who have the characteristic of gender reassignment (meaning the person is proposing to undergo, is undergoing or has undergone a process (or part of a process) for the purpose of reassigning the person's sex by changing physiological or other attributes of sex).
Content which encourages, promotes or provides instructions for an act of serious violence against a person.
Bullying content (which may in particular include content that conveys a serious threat, is humiliating or degrading or forms part of a campaign of mistreatment).
Content which encourages, promotes or provides instructions for a challenge or stunt highly likely to result in serious injury to the person who does it or to someone else.
Content which encourages a person to ingest, inject, inhale or in any other way self-administer a physically harmful substance or a substance in such a quantity as to be physically harmful.
These types of content are not permitted on our site and are swiftly removed when we find out about it.

This is how we protect children from encountering the following types of harmful content, bearing in mind their age group:

Content which depicts real or realistic serious violence against a person (including a person who is not real) or depicts the real or realistic serious injury of a person in graphic detail (including a person who is not real).
Content which depicts real or realistic serious violence against an animal (including an animal that is not real) depicts the real or realistic serious injury of an animal in graphic detail (including an animal that is not real) or realistically depicts serious violence against a fictional creature or the serious injury of a fictional creature in graphic detail.
These types of content on our site are age-restricted. Age-restricted content will only be made available to users who we have been able to verify are 18 or over. Third parties who use our APIs are responsible for filtering the content returned.

Restricting access

We use measures to prevent access to part of our service by children under 18. The measure we use is an age check provided by k-ID, which meets the requirements set out by Ofcom for highly effective age assurance.

18    What content and behaviours you should report
You can report or complain about the following content and behaviours: 

Content you consider to be illegal.
Content accessible to children that you consider harmful to children. 
When you think we are not dealing with illegal content or activity as we should.
Where you think our content reporting systems and processes do not easily let users report content they believe to be illegal and content they believe to be harmful to children and that is accessible to children. 
When you think we have insufficiently considered the importance of protecting users' rights to freedom of expression or privacy.
Where your content has been taken down or access-restricted on the basis that it is illegal or harmful to children.
Where you are unable to access content because we have incorrectly assessed your age.
Where we have given you a warning, suspended, banned or restricted you in any way as a result of your content which we consider to be illegal content or content which is harmful to children.
Technology we use results in your content being taken down, access-restricted or deprioritised and you think the technology has been used in a way not set out in our terms of service.
19    How to complain or report content and how we deal with your complaint or reported content
Please see our Reporting Guidelines.

20    Your rights to claim against us if we restrict access to your content
If we restrict access to any content you generate or upload to or share on our service in a way that breaches these terms of service, you have a right to bring a claim against us for breach of contract.

21    Your rights to claim against us if we suspend or ban your use of our service
If we suspend or ban you from using our service in a way that breaches these terms of service, you have a right to bring a claim against us for breach of contract. Our liability for any such breach is subject to section 28 (Our responsibility for loss or damage suffered by you). 

22    Uploading content to our site
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload content to our site, or to make contact with other users of our site, you must comply with the content standards set out in our File Submission Guidelines and our Forum and Commenting Guidelines and in section 23 (Illegal content).

In particular, you must ensure that:

any content which you upload to our site: (i) complies with the applicable law in any country from which it is posted and to which our site is targeted; and (ii) does not infringe any copyright, database right or trade mark of any other person (including those of the person or entity who owns the original game from which a mod is derived or intended to operate alongside); and
in respect of any video game mod which you upload to our site, that you have complied with the end user licence agreement or terms of service (as applicable) which apply to the original game from which the mod is derived or is intended to operate alongside (note this also applies where you create a further modification or enhancement of an existing mod).  
You promise that any contribution you make to our site and all content uploaded to our site by you complies with section 23 (Illegal content), our  File Submission Guidelines and our Forum and Commenting Guidelines  and that such content complies with (a) and (b) above. You hereby acknowledge that you will be liable to compensate us (and where you are a business user, you hereby indemnify us) for any damages, loss, third party claims that we may incur or suffer if you breach any of the listed sections and subsections and guidelines - this means that you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach.

Any content you upload to our site will be considered non-confidential. You (or your licensors, as applicable) retain all ownership rights in the content, but you are required to grant us, our partners and other users of our site a limited licence to use, store and copy that content, and the right for us to distribute the content and make it available to others. Further details of the rights you license to us, our partners and other others are described in the section 24 (Rights you are giving us and others to use material you upload) below. 

If you do not own all rights in the content that you upload to our site, you are solely responsible for ensuring that you have all necessary consents and permissions from all third party rightsholders to upload such content to our site and to grant us and other users the rights you licence in these terms of service. You will be liable to us for any failure to comply with this provision.  

We have the right to disclose your identity to anyone who is claiming that any content posted or uploaded by you to our site violates their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy. It is your responsibility to respond to any claim that they make in that respect.

We also have the right to remove any posting or upload that you make on our site if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out in these terms of service, our File Submission Guidelines and our Forum and Commenting Guidelines . Note: We have a strict no tolerance policy to video game piracy across our site. If we have reasonable grounds to believe that you have uploaded pirated content to our site or that you have used our site (including our forums) to discuss, promote or distribute video game piracy we may withdraw, suspend or restrict your access to our site or any part of it.

23    Illegal and age-restricted content
You must not use our site in any way that involves the following:

Terrorism.
Child sexual exploitation or abuse including grooming and child sexual abuse material.
Hate offences.
Harassment, stalking, making threats or abuse.
Controlling or coercive behaviour.
Intimate image abuse.
Extreme pornography.
Sexual exploitation of adults.
Human trafficking.
Unlawful immigration.
Fraud and financial offences.
Proceeds of crime offences.
Drugs or psychoactive substance offences.
Firearms, knives and other weapons offences.
Encouraging or assisting suicide.
Foreign interference offences.
Animal cruelty.
Content very harmful to children

The following must not be uploaded, shared or generated directly on this service:

Content which encourages, promotes or provides instructions for suicide.
Content which encourages, promotes or provides instructions for an act of deliberate self-injury.
Content which encourages, promotes or provides instructions for an eating disorder or behaviours associated with an eating disorder.
Other content harmful to children

You must not upload, post, create on our site or share any of the following:

Content that is abusive and which targets any of the following characteristics: race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, disability, gender reassignment.
Content which incites hatred against people:
of a particular race (including colour, nationality, and ethnic or national origins, religion (including lack of religion), sex or sexual orientation;
who have a physical or mental disability; or
who have the characteristic of gender reassignment (meaning the person is proposing to undergo, is undergoing or has undergone a process (or part of a process) for the purpose of reassigning the person's sex by changing physiological or other attributes of sex).
Content which encourages, promotes or provides instructions for an act of serious violence against a person.
Bullying content.
Content which encourages, promotes or provides instructions for a challenge or stunt highly likely to result in serious injury to the person who does it or to someone else.
Content which encourages a person to ingest, inject, inhale or in any other way self-administer:
a physically harmful substance; 
a substance in such a quantity as to be physically harmful.
Age-restricted content 

The following content is harmful to children and, whilst permitted on our site, must only be made available to users who are 18 or over:

Pornographic content;
Content which:
depicts real or realistic serious violence against a person (real or not); pr
depicts the real or realistic serious injury of a person (real or not) in graphic detail
Content which:
depicts real or realistic serious violence against an animal (real or not);
depicts the real or realistic serious injury of an animal (real or not) in graphic detail; or
realistically depicts serious violence against a fictional creature or the serious injury of a fictional creature in graphic detail.
If you upload content which might reasonably fall into one of the above (age-restricted content) categories, you must tag the content as containing age-restricted content at the time of upload. 

Age-restricted content will only be made available to users who we have been able to verify are 18 years of age or over. Third parties who use our APIs are responsible for filtering the content returned.

Nexus Mods reserves the right to tag your content as age-restricted content at any time should we (or our moderation teams and community champions) have reason to believe the content may be harmful to children. 

Offences

You must not upload, post, create on our site, share or cause any uploading, posting, creation or sharing, of any of the following:

A grossly offensive, indecent, obscene or menacing message intending to cause offence, menace, distress or anxiety.
A false message knowing it to be false, intending to cause non-trivial psychological or physical harm to a likely audience, and with no reasonable excuse.
A message threatening death or serious harm while intending or being reckless as to whether the object of the threat would fear that the threat would be carried out.
Flashing images when it is reasonably foreseeable that an individual with epilepsy will see it and the sender intended that the individual would suffer harm and the sender has no reasonable excuse for sending the images.
A communication that intends to encourage serious self-harm.
An unsolicited sexual image, including a manufactured intimate image or "deepfake" intending the recipient to be caused alarm, distress or humiliation, or for the purpose of sexual gratification and being reckless as to whether the recipient will be caused alarm, distress or humiliation.
A sexually explicit deepfake.
24    Rights you are giving us and others to use material you upload
When you upload or post content to our site, you grant us and our partners the following rights to use that content:

a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable licence for us to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of and display that user-generated content in connection with the service provided by the website and across different media including to promote the site or the service forever;
a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable licence for our partners and advertisers to use the content for their purposes and in accordance with the functionality of the site forever. 
Please note that, under this provision, you give us the right (which cannot be revoked at a later date) to use your content indefinitely and we are not obliged to delete your content if you so request. The rights you grant us continue after this agreement is terminated or your access to the site is withdrawn by us.

When you upload or post content to our site, you will be given the option to set the licence terms applicable to other site users' use of the content.  Subject to any such terms, you grant such users a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable licence for to download and use the content for their own recreational purposes and, where permitted by you at the time of upload, for the purposes of distributing content and/or a modified or enhanced reproduction of the content.

25    Earning rewards from the content you upload to our site
We operate a discretionary rewards scheme to reward mod authors for the mods they create and upload to our site in accordance with these terms of service. Whilst the scheme rules are set out in our donation points system rules, please note that the scheme is entirely discretionary and non-contractual and does not form part of these terms of service. 

All eligible users are invited to participate in the scheme at the discretion of Nexus Mods. However, Nexus Mods reserves the right to withdraw, vary or amend the scheme at any time. 

26    We are not responsible for viruses and you must not introduce them
We do not promise or guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.

You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software.

You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing (including through any content which you upload) viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You agree to use industry standard measures to screen your content and protect your devices from viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. 

You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.

27    Rules about linking to our site
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.

You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.

We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.

The website in which you include a link to our home page must comply in all respects with the same standards which apply to our site, as set out in these terms, our File Submission Guidelines and our Forum and Commenting Guidelines.

If you wish to link to or make any use of content on our site other than that set out above, please contact support@nexusmods.com.

28    Our responsibility for loss or damage suffered by you
Our liability to you under these terms of service differs depending on whether you are a consumer user or a business user. You are a consumer user where you use our site for purposes wholly or mainly outside your trade, business, craft or profession. Where you use our site for any other purposes, you are a business user (this includes any user who receives any monetary or other compensatory reward in respect of a video game mod which they author and upload to our site under our donation points scheme or any other reward scheme offered by us). 

Whether you are a consumer or a business user:

We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
Different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply to liability arising as a result of the supply of premium membership services to you, which will be set out in our Terms and conditions of supply.
If you are a business user:

We exclude all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms that may apply to our site or any content on it.
We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
use of, or inability to use, our site; or
use of or reliance on any content displayed on our site.
In particular, we will not be liable for:
loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;
business interruption;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or
any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
If you are a consumer user:

Please note that we only provide our site for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our site for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
29    How we may use your personal information
We will only use your personal information as set out in our Privacy Policy.

30    Which country's laws apply to any disputes?
If you are a consumer, please note that these terms of service, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by English law. You and we both agree that the courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction except that if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.

If you are a business, these terms of service, their subject matter and their formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.

31    Severance
If any provision or part-provision of these terms is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable, it shall be deemed deleted, but that shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the rest of these terms.

32    Waiver
Any delay, failure or partial exercise by us of any of our rights or remedies arising from these terms of service does not waive that (or any other) right or remedy, nor does it prevent or restrict us from further exercising that (or any other) right or remedy in the future.

Last updated on November 19, 2025
Related Articles
Privacy Policy
Donation Points System Rules
Moderation Policy