National Register Content and Copyright
Use of text, images and other content, including registration forms and photographs on this website are subject to the following terms and conditions:

CONTENT IS PROTECTED BY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LAWS
This website includes both Government content that is in the public domain; as well as resources such as photographs, audio and video clips contributed or licensed by third parties that may be protected by copyright, or other proprietary rights. Transmission or reproduction of protected items beyond that allowed by fair use, as defined in the copyright laws, requires the written permission of the copyright owners. Although every effort has been made to obtain appropriate permissions and correct attribution, we welcome any information to update our records.

RESTRICTION OF LIABILITY
The National Register of Historic Places makes no claims, promises or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the contents of this website and expressly disclaims liability for errors and omissions in the contents of this website. No warranty of any kind, implied, expressed or statutory, including but not limited to the warranties of non-infringement of third party rights, title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and freedom from computer virus, is given with respect to the contents of this website or its hyperlinks to other Internet resources. Reference in this website to any specific commercial products, processes, or services, or the use of any trade, firm or corporation name is for the information and convenience of the public, and does not constitute endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the National Register of Historic Places.

TRADEMARKS
Many of the trademarks, service marks, trade dress and logos (collectively, the “Trademarks”) displayed on the website, including the National Park Service, National Register of Historic Places, and the NPS arrowhead, and NPS ranger uniforms are registered and/or unregistered common law trademarks of the National Park Service. The trademarks of third parties may also be displayed on this Web site. Nothing contained in this website should be construed as granting, by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademarks displayed on the website without the express written permission of the National Register of Historic Places or any third party that may own the Trademarks displayed on the site. Any unauthorized use of the Trademarks or any other images or content on this website, except as authorized in these Terms and Conditions, is strictly prohibited.

ENDORSEMENT
Some National Register of Historic Places website pages contain links to third party websites. The linked sites are not under the control of the National Register of Historic Places and the National Register of Historic Places is not responsible for the contents of any linked website. These links are provided as a convenience only and shall not be construed as an endorsement of, sponsorship of, or affiliated with the linked website by the National Register of Historic Places.
Image Rights and Reproduction Guidelines
For permission to reproduce or use the materials on this website (National Register of Historic Places) for other than fair use purposes, please contact the National Register of Historic Places:
Jeff Joeckel
jeff_joeckel [at] nps.gov
202-354-2225
Last updated: January 5, 2024