ATTENTION: BY CREATING A PERSONAL PAGE, ACCESSING YOUR PERSONAL PAGE OR A PERSONAL PAGE OF ANY OTHER LICENSEE OF THE OK SOCIAL NETWORK, OR DOWNLOADING OR COPYING ANY CONTENT POSTED ON IT, OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOCIAL NETWORK, YOU ACCEPT THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS WITHOUT LIMITATION.

This License Agreement (hereinafter, the "Agreement") governs the relations between VK LLC, hereinafter, the "Licensor", and you, the Licensee of the Social Network (hereinafter, the "Licensee") with respect to the Social Network use.

By using the Social Network, you also agree with the Privacy Policy on the OK Social Network at https://ok.ru/privacy.

1. Terms used in this Agreement

1.1. Social Network means the social network known as OK, published on an Internet website at the URL odnoklassniki.ru or ok.ru, and accessible to the Licensee via the website, the mobile version of the website, applications and other resources which are the result of intellectual activity in the form of a computer program. The social network is represented in objective form by a set of data and commands and the audiovisual displays generated by them, including integrated graphic images and the user interface, (hereinafter "data and commands"), designed to enable computers and mobile devices to be used to obtain a specific result, namely the functionality of a social network. The set of data and commands consists of activated and unactivated data and commands.

The social network enables the Licensor, given access to the World Wide Web, to create Personal Pages and view the Personal Pages of other Licensees; to carry out context-based searches of information pertaining to other Licensees; to exchange Personal Messages with other Licensees; to create groups and communities; to join existing groups and communities; to post, copy and download photographs and other content; and to use the other functions available on the Social Network. The right to use the data and commands (activated and unactivated) is granted by the Licensor to the Licensee on the terms set forth herein.

It is the Licensor that shall operate and maintain the Social Network (including technical and organizational support) and it is its obligation to perform it (taking into account the provisions of Article 5 hereof) enabling it to grant the rights to the Licensee. Licensees shall participate on the Social Network interactively (online) and access via the Internet global network. The Licensor is the holder of the relevant rights to the Social Network as a computer program and all of its components, both individually and as a whole, as well as audiovisual elements generated by it, but for the Content posted on the Social Network by entities other than the Licensor, the rights to elements of which may be held by third parties. The Licensor shall be entitled to use, operate and distribute the Social Network wherever it provides for such use, operation and distribution.

1.2. Licensor means VK Limited Liability Company that grants to the Licensee a non-exclusive license to use the Social Network and communicates to the public, distributes, operates, maintains and administers the Social Network. The Licensor is a Party to this Agreement.

1.3. Licensee means an individual that is legally competent and capable of entering into this Agreement, has joined the Social Network and hereunder is granted the right to use the Social Network on the terms hereof. The Licensee is a Party to this Agreement.

1.4. Content means design elements, illustrations, graphic images, photographs, scripts, texts, videos, music, sounds and other items posted on the Social Network. These include the results of intellectual activities, the rights for which may be held by the Licensor, Licensees or other persons.

1.5. Applications means computer programs (games, electronic services, etc.) or elements thereof placed on the Social Network by the Licensor or, with its consent, by third parties, that the Licensee may use within the Social Network in addition to its basic functionality. The Licensee shall use the Applications on the terms set forth in separate agreements with third persons.

1.6. Personal Page means a section of the Social Network containing part of the information published in the Licensee's Account (including, at the Licensee's discretion, photos, information about friends, statuses, groups, communities, etc.) available for other Licensees, as well as other Internet users, to view. The Licensee shall use their Personal Page to exchange Personal Messages, to add other Licensees as friends, and to perform other actions. The access to the Personal Page may be restricted for other users by the Licensee within the available functionality of the Social Network or by Licensor pursuant to the terms hereof.

1.7. Licensee's Account (Account) means the Licensee's account created during registration on the Social Network, enabling the Licensor to register every Licensee and to grant the rights to use the Social Network by means of a unique username and password. The Licensee shall determine the username and the password for Account access himself/herself during registration on the Social Network and may modify them in accordance with procedure described in this Agreement or in the "Help" section of the Social Network's website.

1.8. Personal Messages mean electronic messages sent by one Licensee to another, which are not accessible by other persons and which are sent and received via the Licensee's Personal Page.

1.9. Fee means a payment to the Licensor for granting the Licensee the rights to use unactivated data and commands within the limits set herein. The Fee amount is set by the Licensor and depends on the volume of unactivated data and commands, the right to use which is granted to the Licensee.

The Social Network's rules may assume other conditions of obtaining the right to use unactivated data and commands, as well as restrictions on the use thereof. The Licensee can find these rules in the relevant sections of the Social Network.

1.10. License Agreement means the text of this Agreement made between the Licensor and the Licensee containing all the necessary and essential terms of the license agreement on granting the rights to use the Social Network, in particular the unactivated data and commands. The Licensee code of conduct, rules for performing certain actions by the Licensee, Fee payment conditions and any other rules for the Social Network usage posted by the Licensor on relevant pages of the Social Network, in particular in "Help" section and in the mobile version of the website and in Licensor Applications, constitute an integral part of this Agreement.

1.11. Licensor's Resources are Internet sites, Licensor's computer programs and other technical or software tools of Licensor allowing access to the Social Network, or a part thereof, including Content, in particular Internet sites, computer programs and other technical or software tools of the Licensor, for example, the Mail.ru service, including News@mail.ru, as well as others.

2. Signing Conditions

2.1. Before the Licensee starts to use the Social Network he/she shall read this Agreement and all the rules and other documents applicable to the Social Network that are posted in the relevant sections of the Social Network.

2.2. After completing all necessary fields and reading this Agreement, the Licensee shall sign (accept) this Agreement by clicking on the "Sign Up" button or equivalent, which, according to Articles 435 and 438 of the Civil Code of the Russian Federation, is considered to represent acceptance of the Licensor's offer as well as conclusion of a contract requiring the Licensee to observe the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the rules applied on the Social Network.

2.3. Actual use of the Social Network without registration of an Account in the form and scope accessible without registration is also understood to be acceptance of this Agreement.

2.4. By registering on the Social Network, the Licensee confirms that their age is sufficient for such registration under the applicable legislation and/or they have obtained all necessary consents (e.g. parental consents) in full compliance with the applicable legislation, including for the purposes of data protection laws, otherwise the registration on the Social Network and its use are prohibited.

3. Subject of the Agreement

3.1. Hereunder the Licensor grants to the Licensee a simple non-exclusive license to use the Social Network, including the right to use activated and unactivated data and commands in the scope set forth herein.

3.2. The right to use activated data and commands is granted to the Licensee on an uncompensated basis.

3.3. The right to use unactivated data and commands is granted to the Licensee for a Fee, unless the Licensor suggests another way of such right gaining.

4. Scope of Social Network Use

4.1. The Licensee is entitled to use the Social Network in the following ways:

4.1.1. Use the Social Network's functionality, including participation in forming the Social Network by creating an Account and a Personal Page, modification of the Social Network Content and personal Account settings in the course of such participation by posting and processing information and Content and interacting with other Licensees in compliance with the rules set forth in this Agreement;

4.1.2. Reproduce elements of the Social Network in the form of information posted on it and Content, for personal use by copying it into the memory of the Licensee's personal computer and/or mobile device (download). Should any Content elements be subject to copyright or personal images (photographs) of other Licensees or third parties, the Licensee shall also obtain the consent of such persons for such reproduction;

4.2. The Licensee shall not:

4.2.1. Reproduce, distribute, or process for commercial or non-commercial purposes the elements of the Social Network, the copyright for which is owned by the Licensor, other Licensees, or third parties, without the permission of their respective owners;

4.2.2. Reproduce the design elements or user interface of the Social Network to create websites or for any business activity on the Internet or outside it;

4.2.3. Distribute in/outside the Social Network, for commercial or non-commercial purposes, audiovisual displays or account data of other Licensees present on the Social Network, without the consent of said Licensees;

4.2.4. Transfer the rights to use the Social Network granted to the Licensee to other Licensees or third parties by entering into a sublicense agreement or in any other way;

4.2.5. Violate the Terms of Use of the Social Network set forth in this Agreement (Section 5).

5. Social Network Usage Regulations

5.1. To use the Social Network, the Licensee shall register in the Social Network by creating an Account. To log in to the Social Network, the Licensee may specify unique credentials, a username and a password, which are confidential and shall not be disclosed except as permitted by legislation in force and/or this Agreement, as well as using other available login methods, including authentication through third-party providers. In case of authentication through a third-party provider, the Licensee has the right to set a password in the account settings. The risk of fraud and other illegal actions performed by way of the Licensee's Account due to the loss of the Licensees password or access to other authentication methods shall rest with the Licensee. The Licensee is advised to choose a sufficiently strong password to exclude the possibility of password guessing by third parties.

5.1.1. Registration and/or authorization in the Social Network is possible via VK ID, which is a tool of the VK Ecosystem. VK Ecosystem is a common space for interaction of users, Services that are a part of the Ecosystem, and specialized tools aimed at making familiar services even more convenient to users. The VK ID tool, provided by V Kontakte LLC (OGRN 1079847035179, location address: 191024, St. Petersburg, ul. Khersonskaya, 12-14, lit. A, pom. 1-N), allows for User's registration and/or authorization in the Services, has a functionality for creation and support of the User's account in the VK Ecosystem, provides the User with all-in-one control function for account data in the VK Ecosystem, as well as enabling and disabling Services needed for the user in the User's account in the VK Ecosystem, for the purposes of fulfillment of agreements concluded with the User of the VK Ecosystem. Registration and/or authorization in the Social Network via VK ID means that the User accepts the License Agreement of the VK Ecosystem, which is in open access online at https://id.vk.com/terms, the Privacy Policy of the VK Ecosystem, which is in open access online at https://id.vk.com/privacy, this Agreement and the Privacy Policy.

5.2. Account data and other data relating to the Licensee shall be processed by the Licensor for the purposes of the proper fulfillment of this Agreement in accordance with the Confidentiality Policy on the OK Social Network available at https://ok.ru/privacy.

5.3. After the Account registration is completed, the Licensee shall have the right to populate their Account, Personal Page, and other elements of the Social Network with Content, add photos and other materials in accordance with the provided functionality, join communities, and use other features provided by the Licensor if the Social Network is used in compliance with this Agreement.

5.4. The Licensor provides the Licensee with the opportunity to activate and display on their Personal Page digital identifiers confirming the Licensee's verified achievements, awards, or statuses obtained by the Licensee through the use of third-party information resources or services (hereinafter, "Verified Achievements"). Data on Verified achievements relating to the Licensee shall be processed by the Licensor for the purposes of the proper fulfillment of this Agreement in accordance with the Confidentiality Policy on the OK Social Network available at https://ok.ru/privacy.

5.5. The Licensee, acting on their own, determines the conditions and grants access to their personal data to an unrestricted number of people, which includes registration and use of standard functions of the Social Network, as well as selection of privacy settings and visibility of their Personal Page as part of access to the functionality of the Social Network given to the Licensee. The Licensor does not initiate and does not influence such selection made by the Licensee, and does not have a goal to get the Licensee's consent needed to disseminate their personal data. Processing of personal data made available to an unrestricted number of people by the Licensee is executed by the Licensor on the basis of the Agreement and in accordance with its conditions.

5.6. Licensees who have previously registered an Account shall undergo authorization each time they log in to the Social Network by entering their username and password, following a hyperlink received by e-mail, or by way of automatic cookies-based authorization or other technological means available and permitted by the Licensor.

5.7. A person authorized on the Social Network shall be deemed the appropriate user of the Account, for which access and management has been obtained as a result of this authorization, unless there is information confirming the contrary.

5.8. Cookies-based technology may be used when the Licensee uses the Social Network to automatically login the Licensee to the Social Network, as well as for collection of statistical data, in particular Social Network traffic.

5.9. The Licensee may restrict or prohibit the use of cookies by means of appropriate browser settings.

5.10. Should authorization become impossible due to a lost password, Account blocking, or other reasons, the Licensee may contact the Licensor's Customer Support Team or follow the instructions provided in the Help section and other sections of the Social Network. The Licensor may unilaterally modify, cancel or supplement the methods of restoring access to the Account and authorization of the Licensee.

5.11. The Licensor shall undertake commercially reasonable efforts to ensure round-the-clock functioning of the Social Network, but cannot guarantee the absence of downtimes caused by technical malfunctions or preventive maintenance and does not guarantee full or partial availability of the Applications either. The Licensor does not warrant that the Social Network or any of its elements will function at any given time in the future or that they will not stop functioning.

5.12. The Social Network, including all scripts, Applications, Content, design, and the mobile version are provided "as is". The Licensor makes no guarantee that the Social Network or its elements may be suitable for any specific purposes. The Licensor cannot guarantee and does not promise any specific results from the use of the Social Network or its elements. The Licensor does not warrant that Content and Applications published on the Social Network, including those published by other Licensees, will comply with the Licensee's personal principles of morality and ethics.

5.13. The Licensee shall take precautions with respect to Content, particularly Content posted by other Licensees, and other materials and information when using the Social Network, when following hyperlinks posted on the Social Network, when using any files, including software, in order to avoid harm caused by malicious software to the Licensee's computer, unauthorized access to the Account, password attacks, or any other negative consequences for the Licensee.

5.14. By posting Content on the Social Network, the Licensee grants to the Licensor the rights to use the Content solely for the purpose of the Social Network functioning by appropriate methods.

5.14.1. The Licensee agrees that Content it posts as part of the Social Network may be displayed by the Licensor on the Licensor's Resources to provide access to Content.

5.14.2. The Licensee, by posting Content on the Social Network, grants to other Licensees the non-exclusive right to use it exclusively within the framework of the functionality provided by the Social Network by viewing, playback (including copying), as well as other rights exclusively for the purpose of personal non-commercial use, except for cases when such use may harm the legally protected interests of the right holder.

The Licensee, by posting GIFs on their Personal Page, as well as photos and GIFs in public Social Network groups that have card creation functionality, grants other Licensees the right to use such photos and GIFs to create and send cards on the Social Network. You can learn more about managing card creation functionality at https://ok.ru/help/kak-ogranichit-sozdanie-otkrytok.

5.14.3. The Licensee, by posting Content on the Social Network in accordance with clause 5.14.2., grants the Website's Administration, on the terms of a royalty-free, non-exclusive license, the right to use this Content, in particular by reproducing, copying, communicating to the public, modifying or inclusion in a complex object during the entire term of validity of the exclusive right to the relevant Content until it unilaterally revokes the right of use, throughout the territory of the whole world, including the right to commercial use of the Content by the Social Network's Administration solely for the purpose of providing the functionality of the Social Network for use by other Licensees, and in particular for creating cards and gifts. The Licensee also agrees that the Site Administration may grant third parties the rights to the Content. The Website's Administration is not obliged to provide the Licensee with reports on the use of the Content.

5.14.4. The Licensee understands and agrees that due to the technical features of the Social Network's operation, published in accordance with clause 5.14.2. The content may remain available to other Licensees via direct links for a limited period of time, including in the event of unilateral revocation of the right of use by the Licensee in accordance with clause 5.14.3.

In the event that Content was originally posted and made available to an unrestricted audience and then restricted by privacy settings, it may remain available via direct links to other Licensees for an unlimited period of time.

5.15. The Licensee may not download or otherwise provide to the public (post on the Social Network, publish within the Social Network) Content or other results of intellectual activity of Licensees, the Licensor, and other persons who are copyright holders, unless there is express consent of the right holder and/or the Licensee holds the rights necessary to perform such actions.

5.16. Reproduction, copying, collection, systematization, storage, and transfer of information from the Social Network for commercial purposes and/or retrieval of the database of the Social Network for commercial or non-commercial purposes or use thereof in whole or in part by any means is not permitted without the consent of the Licensor. The use of automated scripts (programs, bots, crawlers, other software for automated information collection) to collect information and/or interact with the Social Network without the consent of the Licensor is not permitted.

5.17. In the event of the Licensee themselves deleting their Personal Page, the Licensee has the right to restore their Personal Page within 183 days of the moment of its deletion.

5.18. The Licensee is entitled to give an Account or a community/group, where they have a role of an administrator, a short (subdomain) name which replaces the ID order number when addressing it on the Internet. Subdomain names cannot include words and names prohibited in accordance with this License Agreement, applicable law and international legal acts, including, but not limited to, obscene language, names registered as trade marks (regardless of the ICGS class), company names and commercial designations, if the Licensee does not have the corresponding exclusive rights. In case of discovering a violation of these conditions, the Licensor is entitled to forbid the Licensee to use the subdomain name chosen by them, as well as, if applicable, pass the right to use it to the corresponding entity (representative of the copyright holder).

5.19. In case the Account or a community/group are not used (or there is a lack activity) for one (1) year or more, the Licensor reserves the right to release the short (subdomain) page name for subsequent use of the name by another Licensee. In this case, such an Account or community/group is assigned an ordinary page ID reference number.

5.20. In case of using a trade mark, company name, commercial designation, popular nickname, proper name, title/name as a short (subdomain) name, the Licensor is entitled to request documents that confirm the right to use such name (when applicable) from the Licensee.

5.21. By posting video content on the Social Network, the Licensee grants other Users the non-exclusive right to access (namely: viewing, listening) to such video content free of charge, downloading the video content to the memory of other Users' (Licensees') devices in order to increase the speed and quality of video content viewing, as well as for the purpose of viewing and listening to video content without access to the Internet, exclusively within the framework of the functionality provided by the Social Network throughout the territory of the whole world and only for personal, non-commercial use. The terms of this clause shall also apply to video content posted by the User on the Social Network prior to accepting the terms of this Agreement.

5.22. By posting video content on the Social Network, the Licensee agrees that the video content may be automatically converted into short vertical video clips (hereinafter, "Clips") under the terms of the VK Clips Platform User Agreement, accessible at: https://vk.com/terms/clips. A detailed description of video content that can be converted into Clips can be found in the Help section at: https://ok.ru/help. When such video content is uploaded for the first time, at the moment of conversion upon publication, the Licensee shall be notified of the conversion of the video content, and if the Licensee does not agree, shall have the right to delete the video content. Privacy settings available for video content posted on the Social Network apply to Clips.

6. Licensor's Rights and Responsibilities

6.1. The Licensor shall provide ongoing management of the Social Network, determine its structure and appearance, permit or restrict Licensees' access to the Social Network in the event of violation of provisions of this Agreement, and exercise other rights that it has. The Licensee agrees that the Licensor shall be entitled to use the functional and technical capabilities of software (audio/video player) that displays Content placed within the Social Network at its sole discretion, including use for the purpose of ads display.

6.2. With respect to providing the means for interaction between Licensees, including providing Licensees with the ability to independently perform certain actions within the Social Network, the Licensor shall act only as the entity which has supplied the technological means for such interaction through use of the Social Network. Transmission, storage and access to the information, graphic images, and other materials provided by Licensees via the Internet and the Social Network software shall be performed without modification of such materials or having impact on their contents on the part of the Licensor.

6.3. The Licensor shall make decisions related to advertising placement on the Social Network, participation in affiliate programs, etc. at its sole discretion.

6.4. The Licensor shall have the right to:

6.4.1. Change the design and user interface of the Social Network, its content, the functionality of the Social Network, to modify or enhance the scripts and software being used, the Licensor's Content, and other objects used or stored on the Social Network, any Applications and server applications at any time having notified the Licensee thereof or without such a notification;

6.4.2. Delete, without any justification and without notice, any Content, including Content that, in the opinion of the Licensor, violates and/or may violate the laws of the Russian Federation (the applicable legislation), provisions of this Agreement, rights of other Licensees or third parties, cause them harm or potential harm, or threaten their safety;

6.4.3. Delete, at its sole discretion, any information (including Personal Messages of the Licensee, comments on the Licensee's photos and statuses, other information and other materials), including information placed by the Licensee on the Social Network in violation of the legislation of the Russian Federation (the applicable legislation) and/or the provisions of this Agreement;

6.4.4. Suspend, restrict, or terminate the Licensee's access to all or any sections and/or elements of the Social Network, the Personal Page, communities, groups on the Social Network, the Social Network features, including activated and unactivated data and commands, delete communities and groups created by the Licensee, at any time without justification, with or without prior notice, unless the applicable legislation expressly forbids it;

6.4.5. to enable the capability of displaying Content from other Resources using embedding, inline framing or other similar technologies, the Licensor has the right to create technical communities that ensure synchronization of Content on the Social Network and on the original Resource. In this case, the Licensor only performs a technical role, providing the functionality of displaying User Content. The display of Content on the Social Network only takes place in accordance with the terms of the relevant service that supports synchronization of access and display of content on other resources. The User has the right to refuse synchronization of Content by controlling this functionality in the settings of the corresponding service/source of the Content.

a) for the purpose of providing the technical capability of integration with the VK Clips platform on the terms of the License Agreement of the VK Clips platform available at https://vk.com/terms/clips, the Licensor has the right to create technical communities that ensure synchronization of the User Content of the VK Clips platform in accordance with clause 2.1. of the License Agreement indicated within the meaning and scope stipulated by the License Agreement of the VK Clips platform. The rights to the Content displayed on the Social Network are fully owned by the User of the VK Clips platform who created and/or posted the Content in the format of short vertical videos (previously and hereinafter, "Clips"). The Licensor provides the technical ability to synchronize Clips on the Social Network in technical communities. A Licensee who is a user of the VK Clips platform and a rights holder of Clips may claim rights to such technical community for the management of Content in a specially established order.

b) for the purpose of providing display of the Content of the Zen Service using embedding, inline framing or other similar technologies under the terms of the License Agreement of the Zen Service, available at https://dzen.ru/legal/ru/termsofuse/, the Licensor has the right to create technical communities that ensure synchronization of the User Content of the Zen Service in accordance with clause 4.7.1 of this License Agreement. The rights to the Content displayed on the Social Network are fully owned by the User of the Zen Service who created and/or posted the Content. The Licensor provides the technical ability to synchronize Content on the Social Network in technical communities. The Licensee, who is a user of the VK Clips platform and the rights holder of the Clips, has the right to control the display of the Content using the tools of the Author's personal account in the Zen Service.

6.4.6. Delete the Licensee's Account at its discretion, in particular if the Licensee violates the legislation of the Russian Federation (the applicable legislation) or the provisions of this Agreement;

6.4.7. Grant to the Licensee, for a fee, the right to use unactivated data and commands on the terms set forth in this Agreement and in the relevant sections and/or elements of the Social Network, including Applications;

6.4.8. Send messages, from the Licensor to Licensees (and/or from/via Licensor's partners), of an advertising/informational nature or containing news, including by e-mail, text messages, push notifications in the Application of the Social Network, or other available methods.
Additionally, the Licensee may opt out of receiving advertising messages without specifying the reasons after creating the User's Account in the Social Network via:
1) changing the User's mobile device settings (if necessary, use instructions for iOS https://ok.ru/help/3/18/4955 or Android https://ok.ru/help/3/18/4956) in relation to push notifications in the Application of the Social Network,
2) changing the Account settings (on the site of the Social Network in the "Notifications and alerts" section of the "Settings" or by visiting https://ok.ru/settings/notifications, as well as in the Application of the Social Network in the "Notifications and alerts" section of the "Settings") in relation to event notifications in the Social Network,
3) clicking the "Unsubscribe" button in any advertising message in relation to e-mails.

6.4.9. Admonish Licensees that use the Social Network, the Licensees, warn, notify or inform them of non-compliance with this Agreement. The Licensor's instructions to the Licensee received in the course of use of the Social Network shall be mandatory for the Licensee;

6.4.10. Take steps that are not forbidden by law to protect the Licensor's intellectual property rights in relation to the Social Network;

6.4.11. Send informational (service) messages (notifications) to Licensees via e-mail, text messages, push notifications in the Application of the Social Network, functions of the Social Network, web browsers or other available methods;

6.4.12. Send the Licensee receipts for purchases made by Licensee (including payment of the Fee) on the Social Network by sending Licensee messages on the Social Network.

6.4.13. provide the Licensee with access to the event registration service via the link https://ok.ru/events (hereinafter, "Afisha"). The functionality of Afisha allows the Licensee to select a public cultural, entertainment, sports, or other entertainment event, information about which is posted on Afisha in accordance with the specified criteria, as well as to register for such an event within Afisha, or to go from the description of a specific event posted on Afisha, containing all the necessary information about the event (hereinafter, "Card"), to the website of the organizer of the event and register for it or purchase a ticket.
The Licensor is not the organizer of the events posted on Afisha, unless otherwise expressly stated in the Card description. All obligations relating to staging events for which the Licensee registers or purchases a ticket arise between the Licensee and the event organizer. The rules for conducting the event are established by the event organizer.

6.5. The Licensor shall not resolve disputes or conflicts arising between Licensees or third parties that published Applications on the Social Network with the consent of the Licensor, in the course of such Applications use by Licensees. However, the Licensor, at its own discretion, may assist in the resolution of any conflicts that arise. The Licensor shall have the right to suspend, restrict, or terminate the Licensee's access to the Social Network (the right to use the Social Network) if motivated complaints of improper or unlawful conduct on the part of the Licensee on the Social Network are received from other Licensee(s).

If a complaint is received in relation to Content posted on the Social Network as part of technical integration under the terms of clause 6.4.5, the Licensor provides assistance in resolving disputes. If the Licensee has claimed the rights to administer a previously created technical community, they are considered to be fully responsible for the legality of the Content to third parties, and in case of complaints, is obliged to resolve the dispute independently. If there is no administrator for the technical community, the Licensor shall take reasonable steps to inform the owner of the platform, which is the source on which the Content was uploaded by the User, of a potential dispute regarding the Content.

6.6. The Licensor undertakes the following obligations:

6.6.1. To grant the Licensee the right to use the Social Network, including the right to use unactivated data and commands within the scope set forth in this Agreement on the terms provided herein;

6.6.2. To inform the Licensee by publishing information or sending messages on the Social Network or by any method available to the Licensor about alteration of the terms hereof.

7. Licensee's Rights and Responsibilities

7.1. The Licensee is entitled to:

7.1.1. Adjust the settings of the Account and the Personal Page, change the password used to access the Account;

7.1.2. Post their personal information in their Account, add photos, statuses, rate photos and statuses of other Licensees and comment on them;

7.1.3. Search for other Licensees in Licensees' communities, including searches based on information known to the Licensee and matching information posted on the Personal Page of the sought Licensee;

7.1.4. Adjust settings of the possibility to recommend the Personal Page to other Licensees by the phone number listed by the Licensee on their Personal Page;

7.1.5. Create new communities, groups, join the existing ones, use functions of the Social Network and Applications and place materials there in compliance with requirements to group content set forth in the relevant section of the Social Network;

7.1.6. Send and receive Personal Messages, post messages in a forum;

7.1.7. Moderate photos posted on Personal Pages of other Licensees. This right may be exercised by Licensees who subscribed to perform moderation by changing the appropriate settings of their Account;

7.1.8. Acquire the rights to use unactivated data and commands and exercise this right in accordance with this Agreement;

7.1.9. Perform other actions related to use of the Social Network that are not prohibited by legislation of the Russian Federation (applicable legislation) or by this Agreement.

7.1.10. Allow the Application of the Social Network on the Licensee's mobile device to access the Licensee's data, i.e. information on the Licensee's location, on the Application of the Social Network, as well as the Licensee's contacts from the phone contacts on the mobile device (more in clauses 6.1.7.–6.1.8. Of the Privacy Policy of the OK Social Network) in order to give the Licensee an opportunity to maintain phone contacts on the Social Network for personal purposes, as well as to recommend them other Licensees on the Social Network.

7.2. The Licensee shall:

7.2.1. Abide by the terms of this Agreement without any exceptions;

7.2.2. Provide valid information at the time of registration with the Social Network and Account creation;

7.2.3. Not exceed the scope of use of the Social Network set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement;

7.2.4. Not violate in any other way the intellectual property rights of the Licensor with respect to the Social Network or any of its elements. In particular, the Licensee shall not copy, broadcast, mail, publish, or otherwise distribute or reproduce the materials posted by the Licensor on the Social Network (text, graphics, audio, or video) without the written consent of the Licensor;

7.2.5. Independently take appropriate measures to ensure safety of his/her Account and Personal Page and to prevent unauthorized access by third parties (in particular, ensure that his/her password is not saved in the browser, including use of cookies-based technology, if the Licensee's computer device may be used by a third party);

7.2.6. Follow the instructions of the Licensor relating to the use of the Social Network, in particular those given by the Licensor to the Licensee or a group of Licensees in the Social Network Customer (Licensee) Support Center, in the news section, in the Licensor's forum. Should the Licensee fail to follow such instructions, the Licensor shall have the right to suspend, restrict, or terminate the rights to use the Social Network granted to the Licensee, including the right to use unactivated data and commands;

7.2.7. Present evidence of his/her personal data, including last name, name, patronymic, and other data when requested by the Licensor in connection with entering into and execution of this Agreement;

7.2.8. Refrain from posting photographs that depict persons other than the Licensee without their prior consent, except in cases where, in accordance with Article 152.1. of the Civil Code of the Russian Federation or another provision of legislation in force such consent is not required;

7.2.9. Notify the Licensor of all actions performed with respect to the Licensee on the Social Network that could be construed as offensive, derogatory, defamatory, etc.;

7.2.10. Refrain from creating new communities (for schools, colleges, universities, military units, places of work, places of recreation) if a similar community already exists;

7.2.11. Regularly review the content of this Agreement posted online at https://ok.ru/regulations and monitor the amendments hereto.

7.2.12. Comply with other requirements and fulfill other obligations set forth in this Agreement and/or posted in relevant sections of the Social Network.

7.3. The Licensee warrants that they have the necessary legal competence to enter into this Agreement.

7.4. The Licensee is not allowed to:

7.4.1. Collect account data of other Licensees and/or other information from the Social Network without the Licensor's consent;

7.4.2. Use any automatic or automated means of collecting information placed on the Social Network;

7.4.3. Carry out propaganda or advocacy of social, racial, national or religious hatred, propaganda of war, social, racial, national, religious or linguistic supremacy, distribute any information forbidden by the applicable legislation;

7.4.4. Publish on the Social Network or transmit through Personal Messages restricted information (confidential information) of third parties, unless the Licensee has sufficient authority to disclose that information by operation of law or under a contract;

7.4.5. Post, reproduce, process, distribute, publish on the Social Network, communicate to the public, transfer, sell, or otherwise use in whole or in part the Content that belongs to the Licensor, Licensees or third parties and that is subject to copyright or other exclusive rights without prior permission of the right holder, except in cases specified in this Agreement and legislation of the Russian Federation in force (applicable legislation) as well as in situations when the copyright holders have given express consent to free use of their own Content by any person. By uploading audio, video, or other Content to the Social Network, or by posting Content to the Social Network in any other way, the Licensee acknowledges that he/she has obtained all the required rights to perform this action, including the right of communication to the public, that such an arrangement does not violate or infringe the rights or legitimate interests of right holders and third parties, and that all the necessary permissions and consents of the respective owners and third parties have been duly and expressly obtained. Licensees are not permitted to post Content on the Social Network if they do not have the necessary rights and/or the copyright holder's consent;

7.4.6. Publish on the Social Network in open access (including forums, comments and/or statuses) or transmit through Personal Messages texts, graphic images or other materials that are offensive for other Licensees or other persons, or may be regarded as such, as well as messages, graphic images or other materials that discredit Licensees or other persons, contain threats, or incite violence, criminal violations, antisocial or immoral actions, or any other acts contrary to the principles of public order and morals;

7.4.7. Publish on the Social Network messages, graphic images or other materials (in particular untrue ones) if such publication causes or may cause damage to the honor, dignity or business reputation of an individual or business reputation of an organization;

7.4.8. Publish on the Social Network messages containing obscene words and expressions;

7.4.9. Publish on the Social Network materials containing pornographic images of minors;

7.4.10. Publish on the Social Network information that promotes suicide, describes methods of suicide or contains any incitement to commit it;

7.4.11. Publish on the Social Network information and materials of a commercial nature related to occult topics and activities (magic, fortune telling, Satanism, hexes, charms, witchcraft, rituals, fortune telling, faith healer and psychic services, etc.);

7.4.12. Publish on the Social Network advertising or other information on narcotic drugs or psychotropic substances, including information on the distribution of narcotic drugs, recipes for manufacturing thereof, and directions for use, as well as publish information of extremist nature;

7.4.13. Publish on the Social Network information that infringes the rights of minors;

7.4.14. Publish on the Social Network any information that is prohibited by legislation in force;

7.4.15. Publish on the Social Network personal information, including contact details, of other Licensees or other persons without their prior consent;

7.4.16. Specify deliberately false information or another person's data during the Account registration or afterwards;

7.4.17. Publish on the Social Network as his/her own photos of other persons without their consent or images of fictional characters, animals, objects, abstract images, or any other graphic images that are not images of the Licensee who placed them, without the consent of the authors of such images or right holders;

7.4.18. Register a Licensee Account in order to be used by a group of persons or an organization, except when the Account is registered with the sole purpose of advertising materials or other text messages to groups on the Social Network, advertised by the target.mail.ru or other similar advertising systems approved by the Licensor;

7.4.19. Register more than one Licensee Account for a single person;

7.4.20. Perform actions aimed at destabilizing the functioning of the Social Network; attempt unauthorized access to management of the Social Network or its sections with restricted access (including sections that can be accessed only by the Licensor); or perform any other similar actions;

7.4.21. Gain unauthorized access to other Licensee Accounts by password attack or password guessing or attempt to gain such access;

7.4.22. Perform spamming, i.e. mass mailing of business, political, advertising or other information (including hyperlinks leading to websites with such information and/or to websites containing malicious software) via Personal Messages, comments, forum messages, posting on Licensee Personal Pages, or perform other actions aimed at disseminating such information if the recipient Licensees have not expressed their consent to receive such information;

7.4.23. Use the Social Network to search for debtors or similar purposes;

7.4.24. Publish information on the Social Network, including publications in groups, that promotes, advertises or increases the popularity of tobacco or tobacco products, pharmaceutical drugs, narcotic drugs, hard liquors and low-alcohol drinks;

7.4.25. Publish on the Social Network other information, which, in the opinion of the Licensor, is not consistent with the policies and objectives of the Social Network.

7.4.26. Use the functionality of the Social Network through utilization of software that makes changes to commands, scripts and/or Social Network applications.

8. Guarantees and Liability.

8.1. The Licensee hereby warrants that he/she does not violate anyone's rights or legitimate interests by placing information, Content or other legally protected intellectual property, or copies or parts thereof or other materials on the Social Network or by sending them via Personal Messages. In the event of complaints by third parties in connection with breaches of this Agreement by posting information and/or Content of third parties, the Licensor shall be entitled to transfer, to the extent permitted by law, the Licensee's contact information available to the Licensor to the claimants in order to settle the dispute.

8.2. The Licensee warrants that he/she will take appropriate measures to ensure the confidentiality of the credentials (username and password) he/she uses for authentication on the Social Network and to prevent the possibility of authentication by others.

8.3. The Licensor shall maintain the privacy of correspondence carried out by Licensees via Personal Messages.

8.4. The Licensor shall ensure that, for communication between the Licensor and the Licensee, the Licensor uses the Licensee's e-mail address and mobile phone number as indicated in the Licensee's Account data to send notification messages and text messages to the Licensee, as well as to provide the Licensee information on the Social Network's features, upon consent of the Licensee, which may be expressed using the Social Network functionality, unless otherwise provided in this Agreement or by legislation in force.

8.5. The Licensor shall not participate in forming the content of the Licensee's Personal Page or Content uploading by the Licensee nor shall it control the actions of the Licensee, it does not perform and has no technical capability to perform automatic censorship of information in the publicly accessible sections of the Website and the Social Network or in the Licensees' Personal Pages or censorship of Personal Messages, and does not bear responsibility for the acts or omissions of the Licensee.

8.6. Due to peculiarities of the Social Network functioning, the Licensor does not perform and has no technical capability to perform pre-moderation of information and Content posted by the Licensee and is not responsible for its content.

8.7. The Licensor shall not be liable for any failures or interruptions in the functioning of the Social Network or information loss caused by such failures or interruptions. The Licensor shall not be liable for any damage to the Licensee's computer, mobile devices, or any other hardware or software caused by or associated with the use of the Website or other websites accessible by hyperlinks posted on the Website.

8.8. The Licensor shall not be liable for password attacks used by a third party to access the Licensee's account or any acts committed by third parties using the Licensee's Account.

8.9. Third parties may post Content, including advertising content, on the Social Network. The Licensor shall not be liable for any damages, including lost profits or damage resulting from the use of the Social Network, Content published therein, or other materials to which the Licensee or other person gained access through the Social Network, even if the Licensor warned of or pointed out the possibility of such damage or loss.

8.10. The Licensee shall be responsible for wrongful acts carried out using his/her Account and related to the Content posted using his/her Account on the Social Network, on the Personal Page(s) of the Licensee or other Licensees, in forums, comments, or other sections of the Social Network and/or the Website.

8.11. The Licensee shall be personally liable for any Content or other information that he/she posts on the Social Network or otherwise communicates to the public on the Social Network or by means of it. The Licensee shall settle claims of third parties related to illegal posting of Content and information on the Social Network himself/herself.

8.12. Hyperlinks to any site, product, service, or commercial or non-commercial information posted by the Licensee on the Social Network, sent in a Personal Message, posted in forums or on Personal Pages, etc. shall not constitute approval or recommendation of those products (services) by the Licensor. The Licensor shall not be liable for damage caused to the Licensee as a result of following such hyperlinks.

8.13. The Licensor shall not be liable for any unlawful acts of the Licensee or any third party while using the Social Network.

8.14. The Licensor shall not be responsible for the statements the Licensee publishes on the Social Network. The Licensor shall not be liable for the conduct of the Licensee on the Social Network or his/her disrespect to other Licensees.

8.15. The Licensor shall not be liable for any loss by the Licensee of access to his/her Account on the Social Network (loss of username, password, or other information required for the use of the Account or the Personal Page).

8.16. The Licensor shall not be responsible for incomplete, inaccurate or incorrect data entered by the Licensee when creating the Licensee's Account or Personal Page.

8.17. The Licensor shall not be liable if the Licensee was unable to attend an event after registering for it via Afisha, if this occurred as a result of the Licensee providing incomplete, inaccurate, or incorrect information by the Licensee when creating the Licensee's Account or Personal Page.

8.18. If the Licensee uses gaming Applications on the Social Network, the Licensor shall not be liable if the Licensee loses in the course of the game any game valuables previously acquired in the course of such gaming Applications use.

8.19. The Licensor shall not bear responsibility for unavailability of Internet access to the Licensee or the quality of services of Internet providers with whom the Licensee has an agreement for provision of access to the Internet.

8.20. The Licensor will not exchange valuables received in the course of the Social Network use by the Licensee, including virtual ones, for cash or non-cash or other virtual assets of the Social Network.

8.21. The Licensor shall not reimburse to the Licensee the expenses associated with the acquisition by the Licensee of rights to use unactivated data and commands, in particular in case of suspension or termination of this Agreement for any reason, unless expressly stipulated in the applicable legislation.

8.22. The Licensor shall not bear responsibility for direct or indirect damage or loss of profits incurred by the Licensee or other third parties as a result of:

8.22.1. Use of or impossibility to use the Social Network;

8.22.2. Unauthorized access by any third party to personal information of the Licensee, including the Licensee's Account and Personal Page;

8.22.3. Statement or behavior of any third party on the Social Network;

8.22.4. Deletion of the Account or Content or cessation of functioning of certain Social Network elements or the Social Network as a whole.

8.23. Under any circumstances, the Licensor's liability to the Licensee is limited to the amount of 3,000 (three thousand) rubles, while loss of profit is not subject to reimbursement, unless expressly stipulated otherwise in the applicable legislation.

8.24. The Licensor is not obliged to provide to the Licensee any evidence, documents, etc. to prove that the Licensee has violated the terms of this Agreement, resulting in rejection of the Licensee's right to use the Social Network or its individual features/sections/pages, as well as the right to use unactivated data and commands.

8.25. Licensee complaints sent to the Licensor shall be accepted and reviewed provided that the Account's belonging to a particular person can be established as fact. Considering the possible existence of Accounts with similar credentials, the Licensor may request additional data and information, in particular with respect to the Licensee's Account, enabling to determine which Account the complaint is related to or to establish the ownership of the Account by the person who filed the claim.

8.26. The Licensor shall not be held responsible for any harm to the health of the Licensee, which may be caused to the Licensee in connection with use of third-party Applications. The Licensee is hereby notified that Applications may have a variety of audio and/or video effects, which, under certain circumstances, may cause in people prone to epileptic or other disorders of the nervous system an aggravation of these conditions, and the Licensee warrants that he/she does not have these disorders or undertakes not to use the Applications. The Licensee is hereby notified that regular long-term (continuous) use of a personal computer may cause various aggravations of his/her physical condition, including impaired vision, scoliosis, various forms of neurosis, and other negative effects on a person's health. The Licensee warrants that they will use the Applications for a reasonable period of time only, taking breaks for rest or other activities to prevent the occurrence of a physical condition, such as recommended or prescribed to the Licensee.

8.27. The Licensor uses a complex of measures in order to prevent and suppress illegal placement of information by Licensees that violates legislation in force, including:

8.27.1. Addition of a warning about the impermissibility of law-violating dissemination of information by Licensees in the Social Network;

8.27.2. Addition of a special reminder for Licensees to the interface of the Social Network regarding the impermissibility of law violation when placing information;

8.27.3. Processing of complaints from Licensees, government bodies and other entities regarding information on the Social Network that has been placed with violations of legislation in force. Such complaints can be received via special request forms, using the "Report" button, contacting the Customer Support Team or in writing to the Licensor's address;

8.27.4. Use of various technologies and algorithms that allow to find, block and delete all copies of identical forbidden content.

8.28. The procedure for filing complaints about Content distributed in violation of the law is stipulated in the Rules for consideration of claims related to the distribution of information in violation of the law on the OK social network.

8.29. The Licensor uses the YouTube API to display on the Social Network content that the Licensee adds from YouTube by linking to it when using the Social Network. By using the Social Network, the Licensee agrees to YouTube's Terms of Use.

8.30. The Licensor has the right to block the Licensee's Account without the possibility of restoring it:

8.30.1. If the Licensee violates the provisions of Section 7.4;

8.30.2. If there are indications that the Account has been hacked and it is impossible to determine whether the Account belongs to the Licensee.

9. Rights to Use Unactivated Data and Commands

9.1. This section of the Agreement governs the procedure and conditions for granting the right to use unactivated data and commands to the Licensee by the Licensor.

9.2. At the Licensee's request, the Licensor shall grant the Licensee in exchange for a Fee, unless otherwise assumed by the Licensor, the rights to use unactivated data and commands, thereby increasing the quantity of virtual assets on the Social Network used within the functionality of the Social Network. The amount of the Fee and payment terms shall be set by the Licensor independently and are affected by the volume of data and commands the Licensee needs to achieve the specific result depending on the Social Network's functionality. These provisions are set forth in this Agreement and/or in the relevant sections of the Social Network.

The rights to use unactivated data and commands will be granted by the Licensor since virtual assets (OKs) are represented in the Licensee's Account. Thereafter the Licensee is granted the right to use unactivated data and commands in the scope corresponding to the amount of virtual assets (OKs) on the terms hereof. Virtual assets (OKs) are shown in the Licensee's Account after the Licensor has received from third parties (payment systems, operators, payment aggregators) payment information (confirmation).

The Licensor sets the correspondence of unactivated data and commands with the amount of virtual assets (OKs). The Licensor sets the correspondence of fee amount with the amount of virtual assets (OKs).

The right to use unactivated data and commands is granted to the Licensee for the validity period hereof.

The right to use unactivated data and commands may be ceased by the Licensor in the following cases:

- blocking of the User's account in accordance with clause 8.29 of this Agreement;

- after 2 (two) years from the date of the Licensee's last recorded use of the Social Network.

The Licensee shall pay the Fee by means of money transfer in the currency of the relevant territory pursuant to the conversion procedure set by the Social Network. The fee amount is set by the Licensor and depends on the volume of unactivated data and commands for which the Licensee is granted the right to use.

Once virtual assets (OKs) are shown in the Licensee's Account, the Licensee shall not be entitled to demand that the Licensor return the Fee paid for such rights, unless otherwise expressly set forth in the applicable legislation.

9.3. The Licensee shall pay the Fee by money transfer via one of the supported payment methods. The list of available payment methods is given in the relevant sections of the Social Network. Methods and terms of the Fee payment via payment systems shall be published by the Licensor on the Social Network: https://ok.ru/payment.

9.4. When paying the Fee the Licensee undertakes to follow the payment instructions regarding the procedure and methods of payment, including the rules for entering messages and numbers for sending text messages (SMS), in particular the use of upper- and lower-case letters, numbers and the input language. The right to use unactivated data and commands shall be granted to the Licensee after fulfillment of the attached instructions and payment conditions. The Licensor bears no responsibility for accurate fulfillment of payment conditions by the Licensee. With respect to rules and procedure of using payment systems to pay for the right to use unactivated data and commands the Licensee shall consult with payment systems managers or payment operators/aggregators. The Licensor will not offer the Licensee explanations regarding the rules and procedure of payment systems use and will not reimburse to the Licensee the funds paid via payment systems, payment operators, or aggregators to acquire such rights if the payments are made in violation of the rules established by the abovementioned persons and the Licensor has not received the funds.

9.5. The Licensee shall be granted the right to use unactivated data and commands only after the Licensee fully pays for such rights in accordance with provisions hereof unless another procedure is specified in the Agreement or is separately set by the Licensor. The Licensor has the right to refuse to grant rights to the Licensee or offer them on a limited basis until confirmation of payment has been received.

9.6. If, as a result of a technical error, a bug in the Social Network or one of its elements, or voluntary actions of the Licensee, the Licensee receives access to unactivated data and commands without acquiring the usage rights in accordance with procedure described herein, the Licensee is obligated to inform the Licensor and pay the Fee to the Licensor or to eliminate all consequences of the illegal use of the gained rights. The Licensor is entitled to eliminate such consequences itself without informing the Licensee.

9.7. The Licensee is obligated to retain the documents confirming Fee payment by the Licensee throughout the entire period of the Social Network use and present those documents at the request of the Licensor, as well as information regarding the circumstances under which the payment was made by the Licensee.

9.8. The Licensor enjoys the exclusive right to distribute unactivated data and commands, and therefore no third party offers to grant the rights to use such data and commands shall be considered by the Licensee to be the Licensor's proposal.

If disputable ambiguous situations arise or the Licensee is sent any proposals by third parties related to payment for the right to use unactivated data and commands or such advertisements and proposals are placed in the Internet beyond the Website and not on behalf of the Licensor, the Licensee shall immediately inform the Licensor thereof.

If in violation of this provision the Licensee makes a payment on the basis of such an advertisement using the payment details given therein, claims made by the Licensee regarding lack of access to unactivated data and commands shall not be accepted and the Licensor shall not compensate to the Licensee the funds spent by the Licensee under such circumstances.

9.9. If the Licensor finds out that the Licensee acquires the right to use unactivated data and commands from third parties, the Licensor at its own discretion shall be entitled to suspend, restrict or terminate the Licensee's right to use the Social Network.

9.10. If the Licensee acquires the right to use unactivated data and commands, it will not release him/her from the obligation to fulfill this Agreement and any measures mentioned in this Agreement, including suspension or termination of the right to use the Social Network and/or deletion of the Licensee's Account by the Licensor, will be applicable to the Licensee, unless otherwise directly stipulated in the applicable legislation.

9.11. The Licensee guarantees to the Licensor that he/she has the right to use the payment instrument selected by him/her to pay the Fee without violating the legislation of the Russian Federation and/or the legislation of the Licensee's country of citizenship and the rights of third parties. The Licensor is not responsible for additional commission fees imposed by operators of payment instruments and the potential damage to the Licensee and/or third parties caused by use by the Licensee of payment instruments that do not belong to him/her.

9.12. The Licensor shall not be liable for any unlawful acts of the Licensee in the course of the Fee payment. If the Licensee is suspected of performing illegal actions, the Licensor reserves the right to unilaterally suspend or terminate the Licensee's right to use unactivated data and commands until the circumstances are clarified, unless there are direct provisions to the contrary in the applicable legislation.

9.13. If the Licensor has reason to believe that the Licensee is committing illegal or fraudulent activity related to the payment of the Fee, the Licensor is entitled to submit the relevant information to law enforcement agencies to investigate the situation.

9.14. Specific features of Fee payment by the Licensee using bank cards:

9.14.1. Operations using a bank card shall be performed by the holder of that card or his/her authorized representative;

9.14.2. Bank card operations are verified by banks. If a bank has reason to believe that the operation is fraudulent, the bank is entitled to reject the operation. Fraudulent bank card operations are a criminal offense.

9.14.3. To avoid fraud when paying with bank cards, the Licensor may verify bank card payments within the available capabilities. The Licensee who is a card holder that made the payment upon the Licensor's request shall provide to the Licensor a copy of the documents necessary to confirm the legitimate use of the bank card. If the Licensee fails to provide the documents requested by the Licensor within 14 days after the payment, unless another period is specified by the Licensor, or if there are doubts regarding their authenticity, the Licensor is entitled to suspend the Licensee's right to use the Social Network, any part/section thereof and/or unactivated data and commands until the circumstances are clarified.

9.15. The Licensee agrees to, understands, and accepts the fact that the Social Network and its Applications are not a game of chance, gambling, competition or wager.

9.16. Purchase of the right to use unactivated data and commands is performed by the Licensee at its own discretion and is not a necessary or required condition for the use of the Social Network or its basic functionality.

10. Jurisdiction and Period of Validity of the Agreement

10.1. The Licensee is entitled to use the Social Network in the ways described in this Agreement throughout the entire territory of the Russian Federation as well as in other territories where it is accessible by means of standard computer equipment, software and devices.

10.2. This Agreement comes into effect after acceptance of its terms by the Licensee and is valid for one (1) calendar year.

10.3. The validity term of this Agreement will be automatically extended for each subsequent year if, before expiration of the validity term, none of the following events occurs:

10.3.1. The Licensor has made a decision to amend the provisions of this Agreement, to sign a new agreement with Licensees, discontinuing administration and maintenance of the Social Network and to cease access thereto, to end (terminate) this Agreement with respect to the Licensee or to discontinue access of the Licensee to the Social Network.

10.3.2. The Licensee has made a decision to stop using the Social Network and terminate this Agreement.

10.4. The Licensor reserves the right to terminate this Agreement unilaterally and extrajudicially without informing the Licensee thereof or explaining the reasons with immediate termination of access to and the ability to use the Social Network without compensation for any expenses, damages or repayment of amounts received under this Agreement, in particular in case of shutting down the Social Network, any, in particular single, violation of the terms of this Agreement or applicable legislation by the Licensee, and in any other cases specified by the Licensor on the pages of the Social Network, unless otherwise expressly stipulated in the applicable legislation.

10.5. The Licensor is entitled to suspend access to and the ability to use the Social Network at any time without informing the Licensee thereof or explaining the reasons, delete the Licensee's account without compensation for any expenses, damages or repayment of amounts received under this Agreement, in particular in case of any, including single, violation of the terms of this Agreement or applicable legislation by the Licensee, unless otherwise expressly stipulated in the applicable legislation.

10.6. The Licensee agrees and fully acknowledges that all exclusive rights and required software licenses that make up any part of the Social Network and/or are used for administering and functioning thereof, including audiovisual representations and the graphic design of the Social Network, photographs, animations, videos, clips, sound recordings, sound effects, music, and the textual elements of the Social Network and Applications of the Social Network, except the Content uploaded to the Social Network by Licensees or third parties, are property of the Licensor unless otherwise clearly stated in the Agreement.

10.7. This Agreement does not assume transfer of any exclusive rights from the Licensor to the Licensee or granting an exclusive license for any components of the Social Network.

10.8. If the Licensee, in accordance with the laws of the Licensee's state, is banned from using the Internet or social networks, or if there are other legislative limitations, including age limits for accessing such software, the Licensee does not have the right to use the Social Network. In that case, it is the Licensee who is responsible for the use of the Social Network in the territory of their state in violation of the local legislation.

11. Final Provisions

11.1. This Agreement may be amended by the Licensor. Any amendments to this Agreement made unilaterally by the Licensor come into effect on the day following the day of publication of such amendments. The Licensee shall independently review the Agreement for any amendments. If the Licensee fails to read the Agreement and/or the amended version hereof, it may not justify the Licensee's failure to fulfill his/her obligations and to comply with restrictions set herein. Actual use of the Social Network by the Licensee after amendments to the terms hereof or the terms of use of the Social Network have been made means the Licensee's acceptance of the new terms.

11.2. The invalidity of one or more provisions of this Agreement, recognized in accordance with established procedures by an effective court decision, will not result in invalidity of this Agreement as a whole. If one or more provisions of this Agreement are recognized to be invalid in accordance with established procedures, the Parties shall fulfill the commitments undertaken hereunder in a manner as close as possible to that implied by the Parties when signing and/or agreeing to amendments made to this Agreement.

11.3. This Agreement and the relations between the Parties dealing with fulfillment of this Agreement and the use of the Social Network are governed by the legislation of the Russian Federation.

11.4. Provisions of the Civil Code of the Russian Federation, which govern the procedure and conditions of entering into agreements by means of public offer acceptance are applicable to the form and method of making this Agreement.

11.5. All disputes brought by the Parties regarding this Agreement shall be resolved by correspondence and negotiations using an out-of-court (complaint) procedure. If the Parties are unable to come to an agreement by means of negotiations within sixty (60) calendar days after the other Party receives a written complaint, any interested party shall submit the dispute to a regular court in whose jurisdiction the Licensor is located (with the exception of the jurisdiction of any other court), unless expressly stipulated otherwise in the applicable legislation.

11.6. The Procedure for reviewing offers, claims, and disputes related to Applications published on the Social Network and developed by third parties placed under each respective Application on that Application's page on the Social Network is an essential part of this Agreement. In accordance with the abovementioned Procedure all communications, statements, offers, claims and other requests dealing with use of the Applications shall be sent by the Licensee directly to developers of those Applications using the contact information available on the respective Application's page on the Social Network.

11.7. This Agreement can be found in the Internet in the relevant section of the Social Network, in the Licensor's Applications and in other places determined by the Licensor and enabling the Licensee to study it.

11.8. Any issues related to fulfillment of this Agreement should be directed to the Licensor, located at 39 Leningradsky Pr., Bldg. 79, Moscow, 125167, Russian Federation.

11.9. All requests made by the Licensee regarding the use of the Social Network and fulfillment of the Agreement are handled by the Licensor within time limits set forth by legislation in force.

Version dated 30.12.2016
(with latest additions dated 24.12.2025)