Terms of Service | Oklahoma State University
Skip to main content
Terms of Service
1. Your Acceptance.
Welcome to the Internet sites of OSU("OSU"). "OSU Sites" include okstate.edu and insideosu.com
                     and other sites on which these terms of use are posted.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING ANY OSU SITE. By using or visiting
                     any OSU Site you signify your agreement to these terms and conditions (the “Terms
                     of Service”). If you do not agree to any of these terms, you may not use the Service.
You should periodically review the most up-to-date version of Terms of Service. OSU
                     may modify or revise these Terms of Service and policies at any time, and you agree
                     to be bound by such modifications or revisions. Nothing in these Terms of Service
                     shall be deemed to confer any third-party rights or benefits.
2. Service.
These Terms of Service apply to all users of OSU Sites, including users who are also
                     contributors of Content on the Service. “Content” includes the text, software, scripts,
                     graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, audio-visual combinations, interactive features
                     and other materials you may view on, access through, or contribute to the Service.
                     The Service includes all aspects of OSU Sites including but not limited to all products,
                     sharing functions, uploading programs and interactivity features (comments and ratings).
The Service may contain links to third party websites that are not owned or controlled
                     by OSU. OSU has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy
                     policies, or practices of any third party websites. In addition, OSU will not and
                     cannot censor or edit the content of any third-party site. By using the Service, you
                     expressly relieve OSU, its governing board, officers, agents, and employees from any
                     and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website.
Accordingly, we encourage you to be aware when you leave the Service and to read the
                     terms and conditions and privacy policy of each other website that you visit.
3. Disclaimer of Warranties.
The use of this website is solely at your own risk. This website is provided on an
                     “as is” and “as available” basis. OSU expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind
                     with respect to this website whether express or implied, including, without limitation,
                     implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
                     OSU expressly disclaims any responsibility for the actions of any other user of this
                     website. Some states do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above
                     exclusions may not apply to you. OSU makes no warranty that this website will meet
                     your requirements, or will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, current, accurate, complete
                     or error-free or that the results that may be obtained by use of the site will be
                     accurate or reliable. You understand and acknowledge that your sole and exclusive
                     remedy with respect to any defect in or dissatisfaction with the site is to cease
                     to use this website. You may have other rights which may vary from state to state.
4. Exclusions and Limitation of Liability.
You expressly understand and Agree that OSU shall not be liable for any direct, indirect,
                     incidental, special, consequential, or exemplary damages, including without limitation,
                     damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data loss, or other losses (even if advised
                     of the possibility of such damages) resulting from any matter related to your use
                     of this website.
5. Intellectual Property.
This website and its contents are owned by OSU or third parties and are protected
                     by law, including but not limited to copyright and trademark law. Certain content,
                     such as copyrighted materials and trademarks, are used by permission of third parties.
                     Except as allowed by law (such as fair use) or as expressly permitted in connection
                     with specific content, this website and its contents may not be reproduced, modified,
                     distributed, displayed, performed, or used in any way without the prior written permission
                     of OSU or the third-party owner.
6. Indemnity.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold
                     harmless OSU, its governing board, officers, agents, and employees, from and against
                     any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and
                     expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees) arising from: (i) your use
                     of and access to the Service; (ii) your violation of any term of these Terms of Service;
                     (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright,
                     property, or privacy right; or (iv) any claim that your Content caused damage to a
                     third party. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these Terms
                     of Service and your use of the Service.
7. Miscellaneous
These Website Terms and Conditions of Use constitute the entire agreement between
                     you and OSU relating to this website. There is no agency, partnership or joint venture
                     relationship between any user and OSU arising solely through the use of this website.
                     These Website Terms and Conditions of Use are binding upon your successors, assigns,
                     heirs and executors. If any provision of these Website Terms and Conditions of Use
                     is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity
                     of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these
                     Website Terms and Conditions of Use, which shall remain in full force and effect.
                     The failure of OSU to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Website
                     Terms and Conditions of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or condition.
                     Any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to the website or these Website
                     Terms and Conditions of Use must be filed within one year after such claim or cause
                     of action arose. The section titles of these Website Terms and Conditions of Use are
                     merely for convenience and will not have any effect on the substantive meaning of
                     this agreement.
8. Jurisdiction and Venue.
This Agreement and the relationship between you and OSU will be governed by the laws
                     of the State of Oklahoma, without respect to its conflict of law provisions. You agree
                     that venue with respect to any dispute between you and OSU will rest exclusively in
                     the state court located in Payne County, Oklahoma or the United States District Court
                     for the Western District of Oklahoma
9. Reporting Copyright Violations.
Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DCMA”) of 1998, U.S.C. 512 (c)(2),
                     OSU has a DMCA Registered Agent for notice of alleged DMCA copyright infringement.
                     OSU will promptly remove videos if properly notified that the materials infringe a
                     third party’s copyright. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that
                     constitutes copyright infringement, please provide a written statement including the
                     following information: (i) A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized
                     to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (ii)
                     Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple
                     copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a
                     representative list of such works at that site; (iii) Identification of the material
                     that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that
                     is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably
                     sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material; (iv) Information
                     reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party,
                     such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address
                     at which the complaining party may be contacted; (v) A statement that the complaining
                     party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of
                     is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; (vi) A statement
                     that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury,
                     that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive
                     right that is allegedly infringed. You may send this information to Clarke Iakovakis
                     by e-mail at
clarke.iakovakis@okstate.edu
. For more information on the DMCA, visit
www.copyright.gov
.
10. Privacy.
Please see our
privacy notice
.
11. Termination.
OSU may block, suspend, or terminate your use of the website at any time for any reason.
                     Reasons OSU might do so include, but are not limited to, the following: (a) your breach
                     of this agreement; (b) OSU is unable to verify or authenticate any information you
                     provide to us; or (c) OSU believes that your actions could cause financial loss or
                     legal liability to OSU, InsideOSU, or other users of this website; (d) routine network
                     maintenance affecting all users; or (e) your use of this website or service in a manner
                     that violates the law or OSU policies.
12. Contact Information.
If you have questions about these Website Terms and Conditions of Use, you should
                     contact OSU, InsideOSU or the service area (internal or external to OSU) which publishes
                     the website. Many websites will have a contact link.
13. Accessibility.
Web Accessibility
All Web content and electronic publications, to the extent feasible, should be made
                     accessible to people with disabilities. If accessibility is not feasible, the information
                     should be available by alternative means. University websites may be subject to the
                     State of Oklahoma HB2197; Sections 504 and 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973,
                     as amended; the Americans with Disabilities Act; and University non-discrimination
                     policies. Web account holders are responsible for verifying that their pages meet
                     all university requirements including accessibility guidelines. Additional information
                     on HB2197 can be found at
OSDH Web Accessibility
Section 508 and HB2197 are only a minimum standard for accessibility and Web pages.
                     Developers are encouraged to go beyond the minimum whenever possible. The OSU Department
                     of Brand Management is the central point of contact for Web-related questions:
news@okstate.edu
or (405) 744-6260.
If you are a student of Oklahoma State University campus in Stillwater, please contact
                     Student Accessibility Services for more accommodations or questions about accessibility
                     for OSU’s website: email;
accessibility@okstate.edu
or (405) 744-7116.
If you are an employee of Oklahoma State University campus in Stillwater, please contact
                     either your department’s Human Resources for accessibility accommodations. For web
                     content related questions contact the OSU Department of Brand Management:
news@okstate.edu
or (405) 744-6260.
Accessing OSU Website
Access to our site is permitted on a temporary or continuous basis, and we reserve
                     the right to withdraw or amend the websites we provide on our site with or without
                     notice. Users may have to use a login wherever necessary on our website. These users
                     must either students, faculty or staff in order to login to various webpages. We will
                     not be liable if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period
                     due to detailed maintenance, outages, or discontinued sites.
It's possible to increase (or even decrease) the size of all the text on the pages
                     of most websites. You can do this by using the font size controls integrated in your
                     web browser. Web browsers all do this differently, but in general you should look
                     at the options in the browser's 'View' menu, failing which, consult your browser's
                     Help documentation. Here are some specific instructions for some of the more popular
                     browsers.
Internet Explorer
Go to the “tools” menu, continue and select “Zoom”, and select your desired setting.
                     The default is 125%. Alternatively, if you have a mouse with a wheel you can hold
                     the CTRL key on your keyboard whilst scrolling up or down with the wheel to alter
                     the text size.
Firefox (Mac and PC)
Go to the menu and either click the (+) to Increase Text Size or (-) or Decrease Text
                     Size, or alternatively you can use the CTRL key with the plus or minus to increase
                     or decrease the size.
Safari (Mac and PC)
Go the settings button and enable menu bar, then go to “view” and use the 'Make Text
                     Bigger' and 'Make Text Smaller' menu items. Alternatively you can use the option key
                     with + or - to increase or decrease the text size.
Standards Compliance
Compliant websites work on the widest range of platforms and maximize potential readership.
                     Here are the standards to which we adhere:
All pages on this site which are controlled directly by the site’s web managers.
All pages on this site are Section 508 compliant or working towards becoming 508 compliant,
                           fulfilling all of the U.S. Federal Government Section 508 Guidelines.
All pages on this site are WCAG 2.1 Level AA compliant or working towards being WCAG
                           2.1 Level AA compliant, fulfilling all priority 1 & 2 guidelines of the W3C Web Content
                           Accessibility Guidelines.
All pages on this site use structured semantic markup. <h1> elements are used for
                           main titles, <h4> tags for subtitles.
Websites must be navigable by means of various screen readers or low-vision software.
SVG directory not found.
MENU
CLOSE
©