Terms of Service
Last Updated: [2024-10-18]

Welcome to Oreate AI!

These Terms of Service ("Terms", "Terms of Service") apply to your use of our website located at https://www.oreateai.com/protocol/termsConditions operated by Oreate AI. Our Privacy Policy also governs your use of our Service and explains how we collect, safeguard and disclose information resulting from your use of our web pages. Please read it here: https://www.oreateai.com/protocol/privacyPolicy.

We remind you to read carefully (minors under 18 years of age should be accompanied by a legal guardian to read) and fully understand all the terms of this Agreement before using our Service. If you do not agree to any of the terms of this Agreement, which will result in our inability to provide you with complete products and services, you may choose to stop using the Service. If you independently choose to agree to this Agreement, or your registration, login, use and other behavior will be regarded as your acceptance of this Agreement, and deemed to accept and comply with the terms of this Agreement.

If you have any questions, comments or suggestions regarding the content of this Agreement, you may contact us by sending an e-mail to [support@oreateai.com].

1 Definitions

1.1 User: All users who use the services of Oreate AI. The term “User” or “You” may be used in this Agreement.

1.2 Oreate AI: The Service that provides users with artificial intelligence-based services aimed at inspiring users, assisting in creation, and improving efficiency. Including, but not limited to, according to the questions you input, to return the output of AI-generated content for you (hereinafter referred to as “Generated Content”), and to rewrite and polish your article.

1.3 Input: Texts, audios, images or other contents and information submitted by users to Oreate AI and related services.

1.4 Output: Contents and information generated by Oreate AI and related services in response to user inputs, including but not limited to texts, forms, codes, images and videos.

2 Accounts

2.1 When you create an account with Oreate AI, you guarantee that you are over the age of 18 and that the information you provide us is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Inaccurate, incomplete, or obsolete information may result in the immediate termination of your account on our Service.

2.2 In order to comply with the requirements of relevant laws and regulations and to protect your account security, we may periodically or irregularly use different ways to verify your identity, including but not limited to requesting the input of authentication code, cell phone number verification, email authentication, etc. If you are unable to complete the verification or refuse the verification, we may reasonably suspect that there is a security risk in your account and suspend the provision of part or all of the Services to you and have the right to take further measures.

2.3 Based on relevant laws and regulations, your account is for your personal use only and may not be transferred, gifted, inherited or authorized for use by a third party. If we reasonably determine that the use of your account may violate laws and regulations, jeopardize the security of your account and/or the information security of Oreate AI, we may refuse to provide the corresponding services or terminate this Agreement. Oreate AI reserves the right to block or cancel or recall the account as appropriate, and the resulting losses, including but not limited to, the content, the emptying of virtual property, etc., shall be borne by you and the user of the account. This service is based on the following criteria: the same account number, cell phone number, payment account number, bank card number, etc. are all considered as one user.

2.4 You should keep your account information (including account number, password, verification code, etc.) by yourself. Users shall be legally responsible for all activities and events carried out in Oreate AI using their accounts, and you shall bear the losses and consequences caused by improper storage of your account information, active leakage or attack or fraud by others. If you find any unauthorized use of your account to log in to use this service or other situations that may lead to theft or loss of your account, you are advised to notify us immediately. You understand that it takes a reasonable amount of time for us to act on your request, and that we will not be liable for any consequences that may have arisen prior to such action, except where we are at fault.

2.5 If you register or use the account, there is any violation of laws and regulations or does not comply with the behavior of this agreement, we have the right not to register; has been registered, we have the right to require the user to make corrections within a certain period of time, depending on the circumstances, or unilaterally take short-term blocking, permanent blocking, cancellation of the account and other measures.

3 Purchases, Subscriptions and Free Trial

3.1 If you wish to purchase any product or service made available through our Service (“Purchase”), you may be asked to provide certain information relevant to your Purchase, including your credit card number, the expiration date of your credit card, your billing address, and your shipping information.

3.2 You represent and warrant that you have the legal right to use any credit card(s) or other payment method(s) in connection with any Purchase, and that the information you provide to us is true, correct, and complete.

3.3 We may use third-party services to facilitate payment and the completion of Purchases. By submitting your information, you grant us the right to provide the information to these third parties subject to our Privacy Policy.

3.4 We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order at any time for reasons including, but not limited to, product or service availability, errors in the description or price of the product or service, error in your order, or other reasons.

3.5 We also reserve the right to modify the number of words charged for the output or input or impose any usage restrictions per hour, regardless of what was previously committed at the time of subscription. These changes will be made according to our model capacity to safeguard the interests of all users and to ensure uniform access to the service. We take this step to provide equal opportunity to every user and protect the quality of our service. Lastly, we reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order if fraud or an unauthorized or illegal transaction is suspected.

3.6 Oreate AI offers certain parts of our Service on a subscription basis ("Subscription(s)"). You will be billed in advance on a recurring and periodic basis ("Billing Cycle"), either monthly or annually depending on the type of subscription plan you select when purchasing a Subscription. At the end of each Billing Cycle, your Subscription will automatically renew under the same conditions unless you cancel it or Oreate AI cancels it. You may cancel your Subscription renewal either through your online account management page or by contacting Oreate AI's customer support team.

3.7 To process the payment for your Subscription, a valid payment method such as a credit card or PayPal is required. You must provide Oreate AI with accurate and complete billing information, including your full name, address, state, zip code, telephone number, and valid payment method information. By submitting such payment information, you authorize Oreate AI to charge all Subscription fees incurred through your account to any payment instruments you provide.

3.8 Oreate AI reserves the right to modify Subscription fees for the Subscriptions at any time and without notice. Any Subscription fee changes will become effective at the end of the then-current Billing Cycle. Your continued use of the Service after a Subscription fee change constitutes your agreement to pay the modified Subscription fee amount.

4 Permitted Use and Prohibited Activities

4.1 If you publish and distribute the Output on the Service, you shall conspicuously identify the Output as being generated by Oreate AI. All other rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by us, and you must obtain our written permission before exercising such rights, and our failure to exercise any of the foregoing rights shall not constitute a waiver of such rights.

4.2 We remind you that, as a user of this service, you should actively undertake information security obligations when using the said service. The information you input, output/generate, produce, comment, upload, publish and disseminate should consciously comply with laws and administrative regulations, abide by public order, respect social morality and ethics, and respect the legitimate rights and interests of others, or we have the right to take appropriate measures to deal with them immediately. You promise not to take the following behaviors for this service:

4.2.1 Inducing the generation of output that violates relevant laws and regulations, including but not limited to:

(1) Spreading rumors, false and harmful information, disrupting social order and undermining social stability;

(2) propagating obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terrorism, extremism, or abetting the commission of crimes;

(3) Defamation of others, disclosure of others' privacy, infringement of others' right to honor, portrait, privacy, intellectual property rights and other legitimate rights and interests;

(4) Undermining international relations as well as international peace and stability;

(5) Containing information with other contents prohibited by laws and administrative regulations.

4.2.2 Output that induces the generation of unfriendly dialog, including but not limited to:

(1) Personal attacks and verbal abuse;

(2) Statements of a prejudicial, cursing, discriminatory, disregard for the dignity of life, or other nature, directed at the following groups of people: different specific nationalities, geographic regions, genders, gender identities, sexual orientations, races, ethnicities, health statuses, occupations, ages, beliefs, and groups with disabilities;

(3) Cursing, intimidating or threatening others.

4.2.3 Interfering with the normal operation of the Service as well as damaging the legitimate rights and interests of us, including but not limited to:

(1) Using the Service to engage in illegal and criminal activities such as stealing trade secrets and personal information, or using the Service to produce, publish or disseminate false or illegal information;

(2) Reverse compiling, reverse engineering of the Service or obtaining any information related to the algorithms of the Service by any other means;

(3) Use the Service to develop other products and services that compete with the Service (unless the restriction violates the relevant legal norms);

(4) To crawl and copy the Service and any content contained therein by any means (including, but not limited to, through any robots, spiders, other automated setups, setup mirrors);

(5) Remove or tamper with the Artificial Intelligence Generated Logo or Deep Synthesis Content Prominent Logo involved in the Service without our consent or without a legitimate and proper basis;

(6) Uploading, posting, emailing or otherwise transmitting software viruses or other computer codes, files and programs that interfere with, damage or limit the functionality of any computer software, hardware or communication equipment;

(7) Unlawful intrusion into the servers of the Service, tampering with the code related to the Service, or other acts that damage the Service;

(8) Attempting to circumvent the security settings or network systems of our platforms, including obtaining data that the user should not have access to, logging into servers or accounts that are not explicitly authorized, or using running port scans or other means to snoop on the security measures of other networks;

(9) Obtaining output in a manner that causes an unreasonable load to be placed on our computer systems or facilities, or engaging in behavior that may cause such a situation to arise; including but not limited to abnormal activity that exceeds reasonable personal use, which may result in temporary or permanent restriction of certain features;

(10) Unlawfully resell or make available to the public Oreate AI services without authorization from us, or use Oreate AI services for commercial purposes.

4.3 We will provide you with corresponding services according to the type of services you choose. You understand and agree that, based on the user experience or comprehensive factors such as the operational safety of the Oreate AI services, the requirements of the platform rules and the healthy development, we have the right to select the object of providing services or carrying out cooperation, the right to decide the object and scope of the function opening, data interface and the disclosure of the relevant data, and has the right, depending on the specific circumstances, to suspend or terminate the provision of the Services to the existence of the users of the Services, including, but not limited to, the following circumstances:

(1) Violation of laws and regulations or the provisions of this Agreement;

(2) Affecting the user experience;

(3) Existence of security risks;

(4) Contrary to the operation principles or not in line with other management requirements of Oreate AI.

4.4 Any consequences resulting from your violation of the relevant laws and regulations or the agreement herein shall be your independent responsibility to compensate for the loss, and have nothing to do with Oreate AI.

4.5 If user violates the above agreement, Oreate AI has the right to take warning, restriction of functions, suspension or termination of the provision of services, deletion of illegal and unauthorized information, locking the account, and other processing measures that we consider reasonable, and keep the relevant records. If there is any doubt about the processing results, the user can make a complaint to us, and we will accept and process and feedback in a timely manner.

4.6 If Oreate AI adopts processing measures such as limiting functions, suspending or terminating the provision of services in accordance with this Agreement, depending on the processing measures, the user may not be able to use our services including fee-charging-service for a short or long period of time, and we have the right not to refund the fees.

5 Intellectual Property

5.1 Oreate AI is the main body of the development and operation of the Service, and enjoys all the rights within the scope of laws and regulations for all the data, information, outputs, etc. generated in the process of the development and operation of the Service, except that the relevant right holders shall enjoy the rights in accordance with the provisions of the law.

5.2 The intellectual property rights (including but not limited to copyrights, trademarks, patents and other intellectual property rights) of the contents provided by Oreate AI in the Service (including but not limited to software, technology, programs, codes, user interfaces, web pages, texts, pictures, images, audio, video, charts, layouts, trademarks and electronic documents, etc.) belong to us, except for the rights that should be enjoyed by the relevant right holders in accordance with the provisions of laws. Except for the rights of the relevant right holders in accordance with the provisions of the law.

5.3 You understand and undertake that your inputs when using the Service do not infringe upon the legal rights and interests of any person and do not involve any data that may adversely affect the public interest, or else the risk and responsibility of infringement arising therefrom shall be borne by you.

5.4 You know, understand and agree that if you have rights to your inputs (including all contents uploaded and posted by you in the course of using the Service) and/or outputs (including but not limited to intellectual property rights, portrait rights, etc.) in accordance with the law, your use of the Service will not result in the transfer or derogation of the aforesaid legal rights, unless we have agreed otherwise with you.

5.5 You know, understand and agree that you grant Oreate AI and/or its affiliates a royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual license to use all or part of the information content that you input, generate, publish or transmit through Oreate AI (collectively, the Information Content) to allow the Company and/or its affiliates to use the Information Content provided by you to optimize the Models and the Services, and to use the Information Content in connection with the Company's publicity, promotional, and related research and development activities. activities related to the Company's publicity, promotion and related research. The above license is transferable and may be sublicensed or relicensed.

6 Disclaimer of Warranty

6.1 Oreate AI is committed to providing safe, stable and continuous services to ensure the normal use of the user, but Oreate AI only to the “status quo”, “current functionality” of the state to provide this service. Oreate AI does not assume any responsibility other than that expressly provided for by law, such as: does not guarantee that the Service will operate without interruption or error, does not guarantee that it has the ability to correct all the defects of the Service under the current level of technology, and does not guarantee that the Service will meet all the requirements of users. Oreate AI will do its best to provide appropriate security measures based on existing technology to ensure the safe and normal operation of the Service, including, but not limited to, by limiting the number of server requests that can be sent by a user at a single time. After the number of user requests reaches the upper limit of the risk warning within a specific period of time, your account may be suspended based on the security of the operation of the Service.

6.2 In view of the special nature of the network services and AI services, you know and agree that Oreate AI may change, interrupt or terminate part or all of the network services at any time. If the changed, interrupted or terminated network services are free network services, Oreate AI does not need to notify the users and does not need to bear any responsibility to any user or any third party.

6.3 Due to the possible existence of computer viruses, network communication failures, system maintenance and other factors, as well as force majeure events or unforeseen events that may occur, Oreate AI hereby expressly declares that it makes no warranty, express or implied, with respect to the Service, including the Service's applicability, absence of errors or omissions, continuity, accuracy, reliability, suitability for a particular purpose or to meet the user's needs, effectiveness of use, and so on. etc.

6.4 Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning is a rapidly developing field of research and Oreate AI is constantly striving to improve the Service to make it more accurate, reliable, secure and trustworthy. However, Oreate AI is unable to fully guarantee the legality, authenticity, accuracy and completeness of the Outputs that you obtain through the Service, even if Oreate AI has used its reasonable endeavors and is limited to the characteristics of the technology. You shall make your own judgment on the output of the Service and bear all risks arising from the use of the content. We remind you that, except as expressly provided by law, Oreate AI cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from the foregoing risks.

6.5 The outputs under this service do not represent professional opinions and cannot be used as a substitute for practitioners in specialized fields such as law, medicine, finance, etc. to answer your corresponding questions. Relevant opinions are also limited to the results presented by the algorithm for your reference and do not represent the position of Oreate AI. Due to the characteristics of machine learning, the same input may produce different output results, please pay attention to screening. Any judgment you make based on the output content or subsequent related operation behaviors based on it, as well as the consequences and responsibilities brought about by it, shall be borne by you. Please understand scientifically and rationally and use this service in accordance with the law.

6.6 Due to the nature of the technology, output may not be unique between users, and Oreate AI may generate the same or similar output for different users. Content entered by and output for other users should not be considered your content.

6.7 When you use products or services provided by third parties (e.g., through plug-ins, links, etc.) in the Service, please comply with the user agreements, rules of use, privacy policies, and other legal documents published by the third parties, and we cannot be responsible for third-party products and any content.

7 Governing Law

7.1 These Terms of Service shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Japan without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Oreate AI's failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms of Service is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms of Service will remain in effect. These Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement between Oreate AI and the user regarding the Service and supersede and replace any prior agreements that may have been made between them regarding the Service.

8 Complaints and How to Contact Us

8.1 If you think that the Service involves infringement of your intellectual property rights or other rights, you can send the relevant complaint materials to this mailbox: [support@oreateai.com]. We will deal with your complaints after receiving them. In the content of the complaint, please also make sure you include:

(1) The name (name), contact information and address of the right holder;

(2) Proof of ownership of the right holder's rights;

(3) The location of the allegedly infringing content on the information network (e.g., indicating the source of the infringing content you report, i.e., the address of the web page or the location within the web page), so that we can contact the owner/manager of the web page containing the infringing content you report;

(4) Preliminary evidence of the infringement of the legitimate rights and interests of the right holder.

8.2 Users can send their feedback, comments, or requests for technical support to Oreate AI via email at [support@oreateai.com].