Legal NoticeYour use of our website is subject to this legal notice. By using this website, you are accepting the terms of use described here. Please note that this notice may be supplemented by other policies and special terms of use, which will be clearly indicated on the relevant pages of our website.The content on this website is provided for general information purposes, but it has not been tailored to your specific requirements and does not constitute technical, financial or legal advice.This website may provide links to other OUP websites where registration is required, but unless otherwise clearly indicated you are free to access this website without charge and without the need to provide contact details. However, we are not obliged to permit website access to any person and may terminate access for any reason.We reserve the right to make changes to website content and this legal notice at any time.You can learn more about OUP via the About Us link below. We try to make our website as accessible as possible, and you can find further details about our commitment to accessibility here. Please contact accessibility.queries@oup.com if you have any feedback on accessibility that you would like to share with us.Your PrivacyYour privacy and personal information are important to us. Any personal information that you provide to us will be dealt with in line with our Privacy Policy available here. Other than that, we do not commit to protect any confidential information that you may supply to us through the website.Acceptable UseIn using our website, you agree not to do any of the following:Attempt to gain unauthorised access to areas of our website that require special authorisation, nor to OUP systems or information that are not made freely available through the website.Use the website for any illegal purpose under applicable law, including the promotion or encouragement of any illegal activity or activity that may be harmful to children.Introduce into the website or expose it to malicious software, content or technology intended to disrupt or threaten the operation of the website, OUP’s systems or OUP’s business (and here OUP includes our customers, suppliers and business partners).Extract or copy information from our website for any of the above purposes.Create website links to, use or reference the content on our website in any way that may be misleading to third parties, or which misuses OUP trademarks, names or logos.LinksLinks to third party websites are provided by OUP in good faith and for information only. OUP is not responsible for the content contained in any linked third party website.Intellectual Property RightsAll copyright and trademark content on our website belongs to OUP or is reproduced with permission from other rights owners. All rights are reserved. Website content may be retrieved and downloaded solely for information purposes.Oxford University Press, Oxford and/or any other names of products or services provided by OUP and referred to on our website are either trademarks or registered trademarks of OUP.DisclaimerWe make no promise that the website is appropriate for use in locations outside of the UK. If you choose to access the website from locations outside the UK, you acknowledge you do so at your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws where they apply.While we try to ensure that the website is available for use, we do not promise that it will be available at all times or that use will be uninterrupted. The information on our website is updated regularly, but it may contain inaccuracies or errors. OUP therefore makes no commitment of any kind concerning the accuracy or suitability of the information contained on the website for any purpose.OUP does not exclude or limit our liability for personal injury or death caused by negligence, nor for fraud or any other liability that may not be limited under applicable law. But otherwise, OUP will not be liable for any loss, damage, cost or claim resulting from your use of the website.Access to our website may be suspended temporarily and without notice in the case of system failure, maintenance or repair or for reasons beyond our control.Content posted to our websiteWhere our website allows you to post your own content, you are responsible for ensuring that the content meets the following requirements: (i) you have all necessary rights to post it; (ii) the content will not infringe any personal or proprietary rights of any third parties; (iii) the content is not technically harmful (e.g. by including malicious software); and (iv) the content is not defamatory, threatening, obscene or otherwise unlawful.While we are not responsible for third party content posted on our website, OUP reserves the right to review, edit or delete any content that breaches these requirements.Governing LawThis legal notice shall be exclusively governed by the laws of England and Wales and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. This does not affect our entitlement to apply to any court in order to enforce our intellectual property rights.QueriesIf you have any concerns about material which appears on our website, please contact WebEnquiry.UK@oup.com.Thank you for visiting our website. Updated: 19 February 2026