12 Days of Paper Sweepstakes | Official Rules
12 Days of Paper - Teacher Sweepstakes
OFFICIAL RULES
NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE OR PAYMENT OF ANY KIND WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING.
Eligibility:
12 Days of Paper - Educator Sweepstakes (“
Sweepstakes
”)  is open only to licensed teachers in any school district with access to the Paper platform (the
“Participants
” or “
Eligible Educators
”) who are authorized by their school district administration to participate and receive an award (the “
Districts
”).  Employees of Paper Education Company Inc. (“
Paper
” or “
Sponsor
”) and its affiliates, subsidiaries, advertising and promotion agencies, suppliers and their immediate family members and/or those living in the same household of each are not eligible to participate in the Sweepstakes. This sweepstakes is subject to all applicable federal, state, municipal, and local laws and regulations, and is void where prohibited by law.
For further information on how to enter the Sweepstakes, please see Section 3 below.
Agreement to Rules:
By participating, you agree to be fully bound by these “
Rules
”, and you represent and warrant that you meet the eligibility requirements set forth herein.
How to Enter:
Participants may enter the Sweepstakes during the Sweepstakes Period as follows:
Entry via social media
. Eligible Educators may enter by posting on Twitter and Facebook with the hashtag “#12DaysOfPaper” on school days from Dec 4th 2023 - Dec 20th 2023. Each post counts as one entry; however, only one entry is permitted per day is permitted. Limit one prize per teacher over the course of sweepstakes.
Mail Entry
. To enter by mail without obligation, hand write your name, mailing address, phone number, and email address on a 3”x 5” card and mail it to: Paper Education Company Inc., Attn: “12 Days of Paper - Educator Sweepstakes”, 279 Sherbrooke St. W., Montreal, QC, H2X 1Y2, Canada. Mail-in entries that are postmarked and received by the end of Sweepstakes Period (as listed in the chart below in Section 4) will receive credit for one entry into the Sweepstakes, regardless of the number of mail entries sent.
Participants must fulfill all Sweepstakes requirements, as specified herein, to constitute a successful Sweepstakes entry and be eligible to win a prize. Entries that are not complete or do not adhere to the Rules or specifications may be disqualified at the sole discretion of Paper. Only entries submitted with valid teacher User accounts are eligible.  If you use fraudulent methods or otherwise attempt to circumvent the Rules your submission may be removed from eligibility at the sole discretion of Paper. Except as specified in Section 3(c), automated entries are prohibited and any use of automated devices will cause disqualification. Use of email addresses from disposable or temporary email address services, or email forwarding services, is prohibited and any attempt to enter using such an email address will be blocked. Paper reserves the right at its sole discretion to disqualify any individual who tampers with the entry process. All entries become the property of Paper and will not be returned.
There is a limit of one entry per Participant.
Participants who are selected as the winner on a given day will noy be permitted enter again during the Sweepstakes Period (defined below).
Sweepstakes Period:
The “
Sweepstakes  Period
” begins at 3:00 PM Eastern Time ("ET") on December 4th 2023 and ends at 3:00pm ET on December 20th, 2023. Paper’splatform and systems are the official time-keeping device for this Sweepstakes . Winners will be determined at the Sweepstakes Completion Date listed in the below chart.
Drawing
Deadline to Receive Entry (3:00 pm ET)
SweepstakesCompletion Date
1
December 20th, 2023
December 20th, 2023
Prizes:
Paper will award the following prizes:
Educator-Eligible Prizes:
Paper will randomly draw  three Participants’s names  at the conclusion of each business day of the Sweepstakes Period (i.e, commencing on December 5, 2023 through to and including December 20, 2023, but excluding Saturdays and Sundays) and be awarded a gift card by email worth $50 USD.
The aggregate total retail value of all prize packs is $ 1800 USD. Paper reserves the right to substitute an alternative award, in whole or in  part, of equal or greater monetary value if an item within the prize pack cannot be provided as described for any reason. No other cash or other prize substitution permitted except at Paper’s discretion. No more than the stated number of prizes will be awarded. Actual/appraised value may differ at time of prize award. The prize is nontransferable. Any and all prize related expenses, including without limitation any and all federal, state, and/or local taxes shall be the sole responsibility of the winner. Allow up to six (6) to eight (8) weeks for delivery of prizes.
Winner Selection and Notification:
Winners of the Sweepstakes will be selected as Winners will be selected in a random drawing under the supervision of Paper from all eligible entries received, and the random selections are final and binding upon confirmation of the District’s authorization to award the prize(s) to the teachers selected in the random drawings. There will be three (3) winners selected per drawings. Winners will be notified via their District  following the winner selection. Winners shall coordinate collection of their prizes with District. Paper shall have no liability for a winner’s failure to receive notices due to due to a District’s choice not to participate in the Sweepstakes or otherwise to not award a prize to the teacher.
The receipt by winner of the prize offered in the Sweepstakes is conditioned upon compliance with any and all federal, state, and local laws and regulations. In the event of a dispute as to the identity or eligibility of a potential winner based on an email address, the entry will be deemed submitted by the Authorized Account Holder of the Participant’s Paper user account specified in the entry. "
Authorized Account Holder
" is defined as the natural person who is assigned to the Paper user account by their District. ANY VIOLATION OF THESE OFFICIAL RULES BY ANY PARTICIPANT (AT PAPER’S SOLE DISCRETION) WILL RESULT IN SUCH PARTICIPANT’S DISQUALIFICATION OF THE SWEEPSTAKES AND ALL PRIVILEGES WILL BE IMMEDIATELY TERMINATED.
Terms:
Paper retains the right to end the Sweepstakes at any time without further notice. Paper reserves the right, in its sole discretion to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the Sweepstakes should (in its sole discretion) a virus, bugs, non-authorized human intervention, fraud or other causes beyond its control corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness or proper conduct of the Sweepstakes . In such case, Paper may select the winners from all eligible entries received prior to and/or after (if appropriate) the action taken by Paper. Paper reserves the right at its sole discretion to disqualify any individual who tampers or attempts to tamper with the entry process or the operation of the Sweepstakes or website or violates these Rules.
Paper has the right, in its sole discretion, to maintain the integrity of the Sweepstakes , to void entries for any reason, including, but not limited to; the use of bots, macros or scripts or other technical means for entering. Any attempt by an entrant to deliberately damage any web site or undermine the legitimate operation of the Sweepstakes may be a violation of criminal and civil laws and should such an attempt be made, Paper reserves the right to seek damages from any such person to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Indemnification:
By entering you agree to release, indemnify, defend and hold harmless Paper and its subsidiaries, shareholders, affiliates, advertising and promotion agencies, partners, representatives, agents, successors, assigns, employees, officers and directors from any liability, illness, injury, death, loss, litigation, claim or damage that may occur, directly or indirectly, whether caused by negligence or not, from (i) such entrant’s participation in the Sweepstakes and/or his/her acceptance, possession, use, or misuse of any prize or any portion thereof including, without limitation any condition caused by events beyond Paper’s control that may cause the Sweepstakes to be disrupted or corrupted, (ii) technical failures of any kind, including but not limited to the malfunctioning of any computer, cable, network, hardware or software; (iii) the unavailability or inaccessibility of any transmissions or telephone or Internet service; (iv) unauthorized human intervention in any part of the entry process or the Sweepstakes ; (v) electronic or human error which may occur in the administration of the Sweepstakes or the processing of entries.
Disputes:
The Sweepstakes is governed by the laws of the United States, without respect to conflict of law doctrines. As a condition of participating in the Sweepstakes , participant agrees that any and all disputes which cannot be resolved between the parties, and causes of action arising out of or connected with the Sweepstakes , shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action.
Limitation of Liability:
THE PRIZES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL PARTICIPANT BE PERMITTED TO OBTAIN AWARDS FOR, AND HEREBY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO CLAIM DIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS’ FEES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE SWEEPSTAKES , WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY ARISES FROM ANY CLAIM BASED UPON CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT PAPER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE, AND PARTICIPANT FURTHER WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO HAVE DAMAGES MULTIPLIED OR INCREASED. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Privacy Policy:
Sponsor may collect personal data about entrants, which shall at all times be processed in accordance with its
Paper Platform Services Privacy Policy accessible on the Paper website and according to the requirements of Paper’s services agreement with District.
Winners List:
To obtain a copy of these Rules, mail your request along with a stamped, self-addressed envelope to:
Paper Education Company Inc.
279 Sherbrooke St. W.
Montreal, QC H2X 1Y2
Canada
Such requests must be received no later than December 20th, 2023
Sponsor:
The Sponsor of the Sweepstakes is Paper Education Company Inc. 279 Sherbrooke St. W., Montreal, QC, H2X 1Y2, Canada.