Terms of Use for Managed Advertising Services
Last Updated and Effective Date: January 29
th
, 2024
These Terms of Use for Managed Advertising Services (“
Terms
”) apply to your access to and use of the online advertising
        platform and all associated web pages, websites, social media pages,
        mobile applications, and other digital properties (“
Platform
”) and services, including support services, associated with the
        foregoing (collectively with the Platform, the “
Services
”), in each case, as owned, operated, or provided by Petco Animal
        Supplies Stores, Inc. (“
Petco
”, “
we
”, “
our
” or “
us
”). These Terms are subject to the applicable Insertion Order
        ("IO") between you and Petco, including the IAB Terms
        incorporated by reference into the IO. Defined terms used but not
        defined herein are as defined in the IO.  In the event of a
        conflict between these Terms and the IO or IAB Terms, the IO or IAB
        terms, as applicable, will take precedence unless expressly stated
        otherwise in these Terms.
By entering into the applicable IO, you acknowledge that you have read,
        understand, and agrees to be bound by these Terms.
PLEASE NOTE: SECTION 9 OF THESE TERMS IS A MANDATORY DISPUTE RESOLUTION
        SECTION WITH AN
ARBITRATION PROVISION, CLASS ACTION WAIVER, AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER THAT
        AFFECT YOUR RIGHTS. THE MANDATORY DISPUTE RESOLUTION SECTION AFFECTS HOW
        DISPUTES WITH PETCO ARE RESOLVED. YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE MANDATORY
        DISPUTE RESOLUTION SECTION, INCLUDING THE ARBITRATION PROVISION THEREIN.
        IN ARBITRATION, THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY AND THERE IS LESS DISCOVERY
        AND APPELLATE REVIEW THAN IN COURT. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY.
        If you do not agree with these Terms, you should not enter into the IO
        with Petco.
Petco may indicate that different or additional terms, conditions,
        guidelines, policies, or rules apply in relation to some of
        Petco’s Services (“
Supplemental Terms
”). Any Supplemental Terms become part of your agreement with
        Petco if you use the applicable Services, and if there is a conflict
        between these Terms and the Supplemental Terms, the Supplemental Terms
        will control for that conflict.
Petco may make changes to these Terms. The “Last Updated”
        date above indicates when these Terms were last changed. If we make
        future changes, Petco may provide you with notice of such changes, such
        as by sending an email, providing a notice through the Services, or
        updating the date at the top of these terms. Unless Petco says otherwise
        in the applicable notice, the amended Terms will be effective
        immediately, and your continued use of Petco’s Services after we
        provide such notice will confirm your acceptance of the changes. If you
        do not agree to the amended Terms, you must immediately stop using
        Petco’s Services.
Eligibility and Use Restrictions
Authorization.
If you use the Services on behalf of the advertiser that signed
          the IO (the “Advertiser), (a) all references to
          “you” throughout these Terms (other than in this
Section 1.1
) will include the Advertiser and (b) in the event you or Advertiser
          violates these Terms, Advertiser also agrees to be responsible to
          Petco.
Jurisdiction.
You may only use the Services in jurisdictions authorized by
          Petco. Use of Petco’s Services is currently authorized only in
          the United States.
Use and Sharing.
Petco’s Services are provided to you only for your
          internal business use and not for the benefit or use of any third
          party. Petco may enable you to designate authorized individuals
          (“
Authorized Users
”) to use Petco’s Services, and only Authorized Users may
          use Petco’s Services. You will be solely responsible for your
          Authorized Users and their activity in connection with the
          Services.
Registration
Authorized Users may be required to create and use Petco-issued
        accounts (“
Account(s)
”) to use some or all the Services. You will ensure that your
        Authorized Users (a) do not share Account credentials, (b) provide
        accurate account information and promptly update this information if it
        changes, and (c) use a strong password for their Account that is unique
        to the Services and not used by that Authorized User in any other
        website or online service. You will maintain the security of any
        accounts created by your Authorized Users. If you discover or suspect
        that someone has accessed the account of one of your Authorized Users
        without permission, you will promptly notify Petco. We reserve the right
        to reclaim usernames, including on behalf of businesses or individuals
        that hold legal title, including trademark rights, in those
        usernames.
Advertising Materials
You are solely responsible for all: (a) Advertising Materials; (b) Ad
          trafficking or targeting decisions, including keyword selection
          (“
Target(s)
”); (c) sites to which Ads direct end users, along with the
          related URLs and redirects (“
Landing Pages
”); (d) services and products advertised on Landing Pages; and
          (e) advertising campaigns set forth in the applicable IO
          (“
Campaigns
”).
Except for the license you grant below, as between you and Petco, you
          retain all rights in and to your Advertising Materials, excluding any
          portion of the Services included in your Advertising Materials. You
          grant Petco and its subsidiaries and affiliates a nonexclusive,
          non-transferrable, revocable license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt,
          publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, publicly
          or otherwise perform, and display your Advertising Materials. You
          hereby irrevocably waive any “moral rights” or other
          rights with respect to attribution of authorship or integrity of
          materials regarding Advertising Materials that you may have under any
          applicable law or under any legal theory.
You may not submit, post, store, or share any Advertising Materials
          for which you do not have all the rights necessary to grant Petco the
          license described above, and you represent and warrant that your
          Advertising Materials, and Petco’s use of such Advertising
          Materials as permitted by these Terms, will not violate any rights of
          any person or entity, including any third party rights, or cause
          injury to any such person or entity.
Enforcement of this
Section 3
is solely at Petco’s discretion, and failure to enforce
          this article in some instances does not constitute a waiver of
          Petco’s right to enforce it in other instances. This
Section 3
does not create any right or private right of action on the
          part of any third party or any reasonable expectation that the
          Services will not contain any content that is prohibited by these
          Terms or that objectionable material will be promptly removed after it
          has been posted.
Petco does not undertake to review all Advertising Materials, and
          Petco expressly disclaims any duty or obligation to undertake any
          monitoring or review of any Advertising Materials. Although Petco has
          no obligation to screen, edit, or monitor Advertising Materials, Petco
          may:
delete or remove Advertising Materials or Targets, or refuse to post
          any Advertising Materials at any time and for any reason with or
          without notice, including without limitation for any violations of
          applicable law or these Terms;
terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Services,
          temporarily or permanently, if your Advertising Materials are
          reasonably likely, in our sole determination, to violate applicable
          law or these Terms;
take any action with respect to your Advertising Materials that is
          necessary or appropriate, in Petco’s sole discretion, to ensure
          compliance with applicable law and these Terms, or to protect
          Company’s rights, or to protect any third party rights,
          including third party intellectual property and privacy rights (e.g.,
          providing information to copyright owners in furtherance of Digital
          Millennium Copyright Act takedown requests); and
as permitted by law, cooperate fully with any law enforcement
          authorities or court order requesting or directing Petco to disclose
          the identity or other information of anyone posting any Advertising
          Materials on or through the Services.
Services
The Platform is an online advertising platform on which you authorize
          Petco to use manual and automated tools to format Ads. Petco may make
          available certain optional Platform features to assist you with the
          selection and generation of Targets and Advertising Materials,
          including offering discounts and free samples. You are not required to
          use these optional Targeting and Advertising Materials features and
          may opt-in or opt-out-of usage of these features, but you will be
          solely responsible for the Targets and Advertising Materials features
          that you use. You may use the Platform and the Services only in and
          for your own internal purposes and business operations.
Petco and its licensors own all rights, title, and interest,
          including all intellectual property rights, in and to (a) the Services
          and any program or marketing materials provided by Petco to you via
          the Services, (b) data, content, or other information relating to end
          user engagement including impressions, clicks, or other desired
          actions in connection with your access and use of the Services, and
          (c) any works generated by or through the Services, including
          deidentified or aggregated data where the resulting data does not
          constitute personal information under applicable law and cannot
          reasonably be linked to or associated with an end user and
          Deliverables, but excluding any third party content (collectively,
          “
Petco Materials
”), and are protected under both United States and foreign
          laws. Except as explicitly stated in these Terms, all rights in and to
          the Services and Petco Materials, including all intellectual property
          rights thereto, are reserved by Petco and its licensors.
Subject to your continuing compliance with the terms of the IO: (a)
          Petco will: (i) provide the Services to you and each Authorized User;
          and (ii) provide you with administrative access to the Services to
          manage use of the Services by Authorized Users; and, (b) you and your
          Authorized Users may, on a non-exclusive basis, (i) access and use the
          Services and Petco Materials made available by the Services; and (ii)
          create, store, access, download, and share any Deliverables made
          available by the Services, in each case, solely for your internal
          business purposes.
Acceptable Advertising Rules.
You will not use the Services or the Platform, in a manner that
          violates the rules set forth in this Section 5 (the “
Acceptable Advertising Rules
”
).
You will not use the Services if you are not eligible to use the
          Services in accordance with
Section 1
and will not use the Services other than for their intended
          purpose. Further, you will not (and will not authorize any third party
          to), in connection with the Services:
generate impressions, inquiries, or end user interactions, including
          actions taken across any device or environment to initiate a redirect
          to the details page of an Ad, or actions to find out more information
          about the subject of the Ad, or actions to put the product the subject
          of the Ad into the user’s digital shopping cart (“
Click(s)
”) in an automated, fraudulent, or otherwise invalid
          manner;
violate any applicable law, contract, intellectual property right, or
          other third party right or commit a tort;
engage in any harassing, threatening, intimidating, predatory, or
          stalking conduct;
use or attempt to use another user’s account or information
          without authorization from that user and Petco;
Impersonate or post on behalf of any person or entity or otherwise
          misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
modify the Services, remove any proprietary rights notices or
          markings, or otherwise make any derivative works based upon the
          Services;
use the Services in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt,
          negatively affect, or inhibit other advertisers or users from fully
          enjoying our Services or that could damage, disable, overburden, or
          impair the functioning of our Services in any manner;
reverse engineer any aspect of the Services or do anything that might
          discover or reveal source code, or bypass or circumvent measures
          employed to prevent or limit access to any part of the Services;
use any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering or extraction
          methods designed to scrape or extract data from our Services or
          collect advertising related information from any Platform except as
          expressly permitted and instructed by Petco;
develop or use any applications or software that interact with the
          Services without our prior written consent;
send, distribute, or post spam, unsolicited or bulk commercial
          electronic communications, chain letters, or pyramid schemes;
link to any online portion of the Services in a manner that damages
          or exploits, in Petco’s sole discretion, Petco’s
          reputation or suggests any form or association, approval, or
          endorsement by the Petco; or
use the Services for any illegal or unauthorized purpose, or engage
          in, encourage, or promote any activity that violates these
          Terms.
You will not submit, post, store, or upload any Ad or Advertising
          Materials that:
are unlawful, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent,
          lewd, suggestive, harassing, threatening, invasive of privacy or
          publicity rights, abusive, violent, inflammatory, or fraudulent;
targets, appeals to, or otherwise collects any type of information
          from children;
depicts any person in a dangerous or life-threatening
          situation;
advocates for any particular political candidate, party, agenda,
          religion, faith, or social movement;
promotes physical or mental harm to users or others;
depicts or encourages the use of alcohol, gambling, weapons, tobacco,
          or illegal drugs;
contains gross, tasteless, crude, insensitive, or otherwise shocking
          material;
would constitute, encourage, or provide instructions for a criminal
          offense, violate the rights of any party or otherwise create
          liability, or violate any local, state, national, or international
          law;
may infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other
          intellectual or proprietary right of any party;
impersonates, or misrepresents your affiliation with, any person or
          entity;
contains any private or personal information of a third party without
          such third party’s consent;
contains any viruses, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive, or
          destructive files or content; or
otherwise violates standards of good conduct and decency, as
          determined by Petco in its sole discretion.
Enforcement of this
Section 5
is solely at Petco’s discretion, and failure to enforce
          this section in some instances does not constitute a waiver of our
          right to enforce it in other instances. You may not use the Platform
          or the Services as a service for any third party. No license or right
          to use, reproduce, translate, rearrange, modify, enhance, display,
          sell, lease, sublicense or otherwise distribute, transfer, or dispose
          of the Platform or the Services accessed by you hereunder, in whole or
          in part, is granted except as expressly provided by these Terms.
Cancellation/Termination
Modifying and Terminating Services.
Petco reserves the right to modify or suspend the Services in
          accordance with these Terms or to suspend or terminate the IO in
          accordance with the IAB Terms; charge, modify, or waive any fees
          required to use the Services; or offer opportunities to some or all
          advertisers or users of the Services. Petco may, at any time and for
          any reason immediately reject or remove any portion of an Ad, or
          Advertising Materials, any content of any campaign under a Campaign
          from the Platform, or any Target options made available by Petco.
          Petco may provide you with notice in advance of the suspension or
          discontinuation of all or part of the Services, such as by sending an
          email or providing a notice through the Services. All modifications
          and additions to the Services will be governed by these Terms or
          Supplemental Terms, unless otherwise expressly stated by Petco in
          writing. You also have the right to stop using our Services at any
          time, and you may terminate these Terms by ceasing use of our
          Services, and Petco may also suspend or terminate any Campaign, or
          your access to the Platform or the Services by giving you written
          notice of termination, subject to the IAB Terms and these Terms. We
          are not responsible for any loss or harm related to your inability to
          access or use our Services.
Effects of Termination.
Upon termination of these Terms, the Services and all of your rights
          under these Terms will immediately terminate. For cancellation of
          Advertiser’s access to the Platform by either party for any
          reason, Advertiser must cease to use the Platform and the Services.
Survival.
Termination will not relieve either Party of obligations incurred
          prior to the effective date of the termination. The following Sections
          survive the termination or expiration of these Terms:
4.2
,
5
,
6.2
,
7
,
8
,
9
,
10
,
11
,
12
, and
13
.
Destruction of Confidential Information; Removal of Ads.
At Petco’s request or expiration or early termination of the
          IO, you will promptly return or destroy Petco’s Confidential
          Information upon written request.  If requested, you will certify
          in a writing signed by an authorized officer as to the return or
          destruction of all such Confidential Information. At the expiration or
          early termination of the IO, you provide all necessary assistance
          requested by Petco to remove Advertising Materials and Ad tags upon
          termination.
Warranties and Disclaimer
Advertiser Warranties.
You represent, covenant, and warrant to Petco that (a) you will use
          the Platform and the Services only in compliance with these Terms and
          all applicable laws (including but not limited to policies and laws
          related to spamming, privacy, obscenity, and defamation); (b) you will
          not use the Services for any unlawful or discriminatory activities;
          (c) you own, or are otherwise authorized to use and permit Petco to
          use and exploit all intellectual property rights in the Advertising
          Materials as contemplated in these Terms; (d) that your advertising
          claims for products used in connection with these Terms are not false
          or misleading; (e) you have in your possession adequate and sufficient
          data to establish the truthfulness of any and all advertising and
          labeling claims and that past usage of the same or similar claims has
          occurred without, to your knowledge, any objections by the Federal
          Trade Commission, Food and Drug Association, or any other local, state
          or federal government agency; (f) the content and Advertising
          Materials you deliver pursuant to these Terms do not and will not (i)
          infringe upon any third party intellectual property or proprietary
          right, (ii) violate the Acceptable Advertising Rules; and (g) you will
          not introduce any viruses, malware, or any other harmful code into the
          Platform. Advertiser will at all times comply with federal, state, and
          local laws, ordinances, regulations, and codes which are applicable to
          its performance of its obligations under these Terms, including truth
          in advertising and other marketing or advertising laws or FTC
          guidance.
Petco Warranties.
Petco represents and warrants that it has all necessary permits,
          licenses, and clearances to provide the Platform and perform the
          Services set forth in these Terms. Petco will at all times comply with
          federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, regulations, and codes
          which are applicable to its performance of its obligations under these
          Terms, including truth in advertising and other marketing or
          advertising laws or FTC guidance.
Warranty Disclaimer.
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS (OR OTHERWISE
          REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW WITHOUT POSSIBILITY OF CONTRACTUAL WAIVER):
          PETCO HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS AND EXCLUDES ALL OTHER WARRANTIES,
          EXPRESS, IMPLIED (EITHER IN FACT OR BY OPERATION OF LAW), OR
          STATUTORY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
          MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
          PURPOSE OR USE, AND WARRANTIES IMPLIED FROM A COURSE OF DEALING OR
          COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE; AND THE PLATFORM, THE
          SERVICES, REPORTS, PETCO MATERIALS AND ANY OTHER INFORMATION IS
          PROVIDED BY PETCO ON AN “AS IS” AND ON AN “AS
          AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND. YOU
          REPRESENT AND COVENANT THAT YOU HAVE NOT RELIED ON ANY OTHER
          WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS CONCERNING PETCO, THE PLATFORM, THE
          SERVICES, DELIVERABLES, OR THE PETCO MATERIALS.
Indemnification
In addition to the indemnities set forth in the IAB Terms, you agree to
        indemnify, hold harmless and defend Petco and its affiliates, parent
        companies, subsidiaries, officers, directors, employees, agents,
        business partners and licensors at your expense, against any and all
        third party claims, actions, proceedings, and suits and all related
        liabilities, damages, settlements, penalties, fines, costs and expenses
        (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and
        other dispute resolution expenses) incurred by Petco arising out of or
        relating to your (a) violation or breach of any term of these Terms,
        including without limitation, any breach of your representations,
        covenants and warranties given under
Section 7.1
; (b) your negligence or intentional misconduct; or (c) use or misuse
        of the Services by or on behalf of you. Petco reserves the right to
        assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject
        to indemnification by you and you shall not, in any event, settle any
        matter without the prior written consent of Petco.
Mandatory Dispute Resolution (including Arbitration, Class Action
          Waiver, & Jury Trial Waiver)
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY – IT MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT
        YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT AND
        TO HAVE A JURY HEAR YOUR CLAIMS. IT CONTAINS PROCEDURES FOR A MANDATORY
        EARLY RESOLUTION PROCESS, BINDING ARBITRATION, A CLASS ACTION WAIVER,
        AND A JURY TRIAL WAIVER. THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE TERMS OF THIS
        SECTION ARE INTENDED TO REDUCE THE FINANCIAL BURDENS ASSOCIATED WITH
        RESOLVING THEIR DISPUTES AND ARE NOT INTENDED TO DELAY ADJUDICATION OF
        ANY PARTY'S CLAIMS.
Disputes.
Any dispute or claim arising out of or relating to these Terms, your
          use of the Services, or your relationship with Petco or any past,
          present, or future subsidiaries, parents, affiliates, employees,
          officers, directors, agents, successors, representatives, or assigns,
          whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or
          any other legal theory (each a “Dispute”) will be resolved
          through binding individual arbitration as set forth in these Terms,
          except that either you or Petco may initiate a Dispute in or take a
          Dispute to small claims court, so long as that Dispute is not removed
          or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction. Whether a Dispute
          falls within the jurisdiction of small claims court is for a small
          claims court to decide in the first instance and for a court of
          competent jurisdiction to otherwise decide. The term
          “Dispute” shall be interpreted broadly and includes, but
          is not be limited to: (a) any dispute or claim that arose before the
          existence of these or any prior Terms (including, but not limited to,
          claims relating to advertising); (b) any dispute or claim that is
          currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which
          you are not a member of a certified class; and (c) any dispute or
          claim that may arise after termination of these Terms.
           “Dispute,” however, does not include disagreements
          or claims concerning patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets,
          or other intellectual property, and claims of piracy or unauthorized
          use of intellectual property. In any Dispute, the arbitrator shall
          decide all issues except the following (which are for a court of
          competent jurisdiction to decide): (a) issues that are reserved for a
          court in these Terms; (b) issues that relate to the scope, validity,
          and/or enforceability of the arbitration provision, class action
          waiver, or any of the provisions of this Mandatory Dispute Resolution
          clause; and (c) issues that relate to the arbitrability of any
          Dispute. These Terms and their arbitration provision do not prevent
          you from bringing a Dispute to the attention of any government agency.
          You and we agree that these Terms evidence a transaction in interstate
          commerce and that the arbitration provision herein will be interpreted
          and enforced in accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act and
          federal arbitration law.
Early Resolution Process.
You and Petco agree to work together in a good-faith effort to
          informally resolve any Dispute that might arise between us using the
          early resolution process described herein (“Early Resolution
          Process”). The party initiating a Dispute must first send the
          other a written notice (the “Dispute Notice”) that
          includes all of the following information: (a) information sufficient
          to identify any transaction and/or account at issue in the Dispute;
          (b) contact information (including your name, address, telephone
          number, and email address); and (c) a detailed description of the
          nature and basis of the Dispute and the relief sought, including a
          calculation for such relief.
The Dispute Notice must be personally signed by the party initiating
          the Dispute (and their counsel, if represented). If you are the party
          initiating a Dispute, you must send us the Dispute Notice via email to
          arbitration@petco.com. If Petco has a Dispute with you, we will send a
          Dispute Notice to you at the most recent contact information we have
          on file for you.
For a period of sixty (60) days from receipt of a completed Dispute
          Notice (which can be extended by agreement of the parties), you and we
          agree to negotiate in good faith in an effort to informally resolve
          the Dispute. The party receiving the Dispute Notice may request a
          telephone settlement conference to aid in the early resolution of the
          Dispute. If such a conference is requested, you and a Petco
          representative will personally attend such a telephone settlement
          conference (with counsel, if represented). The conference will be
          scheduled for a mutually convenient time, which may be outside of the
          60-day period following receipt of a Dispute Notice.  This
          informal Early Resolution Process is a condition precedent to you or
          Petco commencing a formal proceeding in arbitration or small claims
          court.
If the sufficiency of a Dispute Notice or compliance with this Early
          Resolution Process is at issue, such issue may be raised with and
          decided by a court of competent jurisdiction at either party’s
          election and any arbitration shall be stayed pending resolution of
          such issue. The court shall have the authority to enforce this
          condition precedent to arbitration, which includes the power to enjoin
          the filing or prosecution of arbitrations, and to enjoin the
          assessment or collection of arbitration fees. Nothing in this
          paragraph limits the right of a party to seek damages for
          non-compliance with this process in arbitration or to raise
          non-compliance with a AAA process arbitrator.
All applicable limitations periods (including statutes of
          limitations) will be tolled from the date of receipt of a completed
          Dispute Notice through the conclusion of this Early Resolution
          Process.
You or we may commence arbitration or a small claims court proceeding
          if a Dispute is not resolved through this Early Resolution
          Process.
Arbitration Procedures
.
The arbitration of any Dispute shall be conducted in accordance with
          the rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”),
          including the AAA’s Consumer Arbitration Rules and Supplementary
          Rules for Mass Arbitration, as applicable (“AAA Rules”),
          as modified by this arbitration provision and these Terms. The AAA
          Rules are available online at www.adr.org. You and we understand and
          agree that the AAA’s administrative determination that this
          arbitration provision comports with the Consumer Due Process Protocol
          is final, and that neither a court nor an arbitrator has the authority
          to revisit it.  If the AAA is unavailable or unwilling to conduct
          the arbitration consistent with this arbitration provision and these
          Terms, the parties shall agree on a replacement arbitration
          administrator that will do so. If the parties cannot agree on a
          replacement arbitration administrator, they shall petition a court of
          competent jurisdiction to appoint an arbitration administrator that
          will conduct the arbitration consistent with this arbitration
          provision and these Terms.  An arbitration demand must (a)
          include all of the information required to be provided in the Dispute
          Notice above; (b) be accompanied by a certification of compliance with
          the Early Resolution Process above; and (c) be personally signed by
          the party initiating arbitration (and counsel, if represented). When
          initiating arbitration, you shall personally certify to Petco and to
          AAA that you are a party to this arbitration provision and provide a
          copy or link to it. By submitting an arbitration demand, the
          initiating party and counsel represent, as in court, that they are
          complying with the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure
          11(b). The arbitrator is authorized to impose any sanctions available
          under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11 on represented parties and
          their counsel. You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by a
          phone, video, or in-person hearing, or through written submissions,
          except any Dispute seeking more than Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00
          USD) or injunctive relief shall have an in-person or video hearing
          unless the parties agree otherwise. You and we reserve the right to
          request a hearing in any matter from the arbitrator. You and a Petco
          representative will personally appear at any hearing (with counsel, if
          represented). Any in-person hearing will be held in the county or
          parish in which you reside or at another mutually agreed-upon
          location. An arbitrator may award on an individual basis any relief
          that would be available in a court, including injunctive or
          declaratory relief only in favor of the individual party seeking
          relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by
          that party’s individual claim. To the fullest extent allowable
          by applicable law, you and we agree that each may bring claims against
          the other only in your or our individual capacity and not as a
          plaintiff or class member in any purported class, collective,
          consolidated, private attorney general, or representative proceeding.
          Further, unless both you and we agree otherwise, an arbitrator may not
          consolidate more than one person’s claims and may not otherwise
          preside over any form of class, collective, consolidated, private
          attorney general, or representative proceeding. You agree that you
          shall personally participate, along with your counsel if represented,
          in the initial conference with the arbitrator unless the parties agree
          otherwise. An arbitrator must follow and enforce these Terms as a
          court would.
IF, AFTER EXHAUSTION OF ALL APPEALS, ANY OF THESE PROHIBITIONS ON
          NON-INDIVIDUALIZED INJUNCTIVE OR DECLARATORY RELIEF AND CLASS,
          COLLECTIVE, CONSOLIDATED, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL, OR REPRESENTATIVE
          PROCEEDINGS ARE FOUND TO BE UNENFORCEABLE WITH RESPECT TO A PARTICULAR
          CLAIM OR REQUEST FOR RELIEF (SUCH AS A REQUEST FOR PUBLIC INJUNCTIVE
          RELIEF), THEN SUCH A CLAIM OR REQUEST FOR RELIEF WILL BE DECIDED BY A
          COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION, AFTER ALL OTHER CLAIMS AND REQUESTS
          FOR RELIEF ARE ARBITRATED.
The arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to
          explain essential findings and conclusions. The arbitrator shall apply
          the cost-shifting provisions of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 68
          after entry of an award. Judgment on any arbitration award may be
          entered in any court of competent jurisdiction, except an award that
          has been satisfied may not be entered. An award shall have no
          preclusive effect in any other arbitration or proceeding in which you
          are not a named party.  Payment of arbitration fees will be
          governed by the AAA Rules and fee schedule. You and we agree that the
          parties have a shared interest in reducing the costs and increasing
          the efficiencies associated with arbitration. Therefore, you or we may
          elect to engage with the AAA regarding arbitration fees, and you and
          we agree that the parties (and counsel, if represented) will work
          together in good faith to ensure that arbitration remains
          cost-effective for all parties.
Additional Procedures for Mass Arbitration.
You and we agree that the following “Additional Procedures for
          Mass Arbitration” (in addition to the other provisions of this
          arbitration provision) shall apply if you choose to participate in a
          Mass Arbitration (as defined below). If twenty-five (25) or more
          similar Disputes (including yours) are asserted against Petco by the
          same or coordinated counsel or are otherwise coordinated (a
          “Mass Arbitration”), you understand and agree that the
          resolution of your Dispute might be delayed and ultimately proceed in
          court. The parties agree that as part of these procedures, their
          counsel shall meet and confer in good faith in an effort to resolve
          the Disputes, streamline procedures, address the exchange of
          information, modify the number of Disputes to be adjudicated, and
          conserve the parties’ and the AAA’s resources. If your
          claim is part of a Mass Arbitration, any applicable limitations
          periods (including statutes of limitations) shall be tolled for your
          Dispute from the time that your Dispute is first submitted to the AAA
          until your Dispute is selected to proceed as part of a staged process
          or is settled, withdrawn, otherwise resolved, or opted out of
          arbitration pursuant to this provision
.
A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce
          these Additional Procedures for Mass Arbitration, including the power
          to enjoin the filing or prosecution of arbitrations and the assessment
          or collection of arbitration fees.
These Additional Procedures for Mass Arbitration are essential
          parts of this arbitration provision.  If, after exhaustion of all
          appeals, a court of competent jurisdiction decides that these
          Additional Procedures for Mass Arbitration apply to your Dispute and
          are not enforceable, then your Dispute shall not proceed in
          arbitration and shall only proceed in a court of competent
          jurisdiction consistent with the remainder of these Terms.
STAGE ONE:
If at least one hundred (100) Disputes are submitted as part of a
          Multiple Case Filing, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Petco
          shall each select fifty (50) Disputes to be filed and to proceed as
          cases in individual arbitrations as part of this initial staged
          process. The number of Disputes to be selected to proceed in Stage One
          can be increased by agreement of counsel for the parties (and if there
          are fewer than one hundred (100) Disputes, all shall proceed
          individually in Stage One).  Each of the one hundred (100) (or
          fewer) cases shall be assigned to a different arbitrator and proceed
          individually. If a case is withdrawn before the issuance of an
          arbitration award, another claim shall be selected to proceed as part
          of Stage One. The remaining Disputes shall not be filed or deemed
          filed in arbitration nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed or
          collected in connection with those claims. After this initial set of
          proceedings, counsel for the parties shall participate in a global
          mediation session with a retired federal or state court judge jointly
          selected by counsel in an effort to resolve the remaining Disputes (as
          informed by the adjudications of cases in Stage One), and Petco shall
          pay the mediator’s fee.
STAGE TWO:
If the remaining Disputes have not been resolved at the
          conclusion of Stage One, counsel for the claimants and counsel for
          Petco shall each select one hundred (100) Disputes per side to be
          filed and to proceed as cases in individual arbitrations as part of a
          second staged process. The number of Disputes to be selected to
          proceed as part of this second staged process can be increased by
          agreement of counsel for the parties (and if there are fewer than two
          hundred (200) Disputes, all shall proceed individually in Stage Two).
           No more than five (5) cases may be assigned to a single
          arbitrator to proceed individually. If a case is withdrawn before the
          issuance of an arbitration award, another claim shall be selected to
          proceed as part of Stage Two. The remaining Disputes shall not be
          filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any arbitration fees be
          assessed or collected in connection with those claims. After this
          second set of staged proceedings, the parties shall engage in a global
          mediation session of all remaining Disputes with a retired federal or
          state court judge jointly selected by counsel in an effort to resolve
          the remaining Disputes (as informed by the adjudications of cases in
          Stages One and Two), and Petco shall pay the mediator’s fee.
           Upon the completion of the mediation set forth in this Stage
          Two, each remaining Dispute (if any) that is not settled or not
          withdrawn shall be opted out of arbitration and may proceed in a court
          of competent jurisdiction consistent with the remainder of these
          Terms.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, counsel for the parties
          may mutually agree in writing to proceed with the adjudication of some
          or all of the remaining Disputes in individual arbitrations consistent
          with the process set forth in Stage Two (except Disputes shall be
          randomly selected and mediation shall be elective by agreement of
          counsel) or through another mutually agreeable process.
Opting Out of the Arbitration Provision.
Petco’s updates to these Terms do not provide you with a new
          opportunity to opt out of arbitration if you previously agreed to and
          did not validly opt out of arbitration. Petco will continue to honor
          any valid opt outs if you previously opted out of arbitration with
          Petco.  To opt out of arbitration, you must send a personally
          signed, written notice via U.S. Mail to Petco at: Petco Legal
          Department, 10850 Via Frontera, San Diego CA 92127, or via email to
          arbitration@petco.com, and you must provide the following information:
          (a) your name, (b) your address, (c) your phone number, and (d) a
          clear statement that you wish to opt out of this arbitration
          provision. This opt-out notice must be sent within thirty (30) days
          after the date you first become subject to this arbitration provision.
          If you opt out of this agreement to arbitrate, all other provisions of
          these Terms, including other provisions of the Mandatory Dispute
          Resolution section, will continue to apply to you. Opting out has no
          effect on any other arbitration agreements or provisions that you may
          have entered into with Petco or may enter into in the future with
          Petco.
Future Changes to the Arbitration Provision
.  If Petco makes any future changes to the arbitration
          provision (other than a change to our contact information), you may
          reject any such change by sending your personally signed, written
          notice to the following address within thirty (30) days of the change:
          Via U.S. Mail to Petco at: Petco Legal Department, 10850 Via Frontera,
          San Diego CA 92127; or via email to arbitration@petco.com. Such
          written notice does not constitute an opt out of arbitration
          altogether or impact any other portions of this Mandatory Dispute
          Resolution section.  By rejecting any future change, you are
          agreeing that you will arbitrate any Dispute between you and Petco in
          accordance with this version of the arbitration provision.
Class Action Waiver; Jury Trial Waiver.
YOU AND WE EACH AGREE THAT ANY PROCEEDING, WHETHER IN ARBITRATION OR
          IN COURT, WILL BE CONDUCTED ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT IN A
          CLASS, COLLECTIVE, CONSOLIDATED, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL, OR
          REPRESENTATIVE ACTION. YOU AND WE AGREE TO WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO BRING OR
          TO PARTICIPATE IN SUCH AN ACTION IN ARBITRATION OR IN COURT TO THE
          FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.  NOTWITHSTANDING THE
          FOREGOING, THE PARTIES RETAIN THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS-WIDE
          SETTLEMENT. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND
          PETCO WAIVE THE RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL.
Severability
. If any portion of this
Section 9
is found to be unenforceable or unlawful for any reason,
          including but not limited to because it is found to be unconscionable,
          (a) the unenforceable or unlawful provision will be severed from these
          Terms; (b) severance of the unenforceable or unlawful provision will
          have no impact whatsoever on the remainder of this
Section 9
or the parties’ ability to compel arbitration of any
          remaining claims on an individual basis pursuant to this
Section 9
; and (c) to the extent that any claims must therefore proceed on a
          class, collective, consolidated, or representative basis, such claims
          must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction, in
          accordance with these Terms, and not in arbitration. The litigation of
          those claims will be stayed pending the outcome of any individual
          claims in arbitration. Further, if any part of this
Section 9
is found to prohibit an individual claim seeking public
          injunctive relief, that provision will have no effect to the extent
          such relief is allowed to be sought out of arbitration, and the
          remainder of this
Section 9
will be enforceable.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Terms, if you reside
          in any country outside of the United States, you may bring legal
          proceedings regarding the Terms either by following the arbitration
          procedure detailed above in this
Section 9
of the Terms or, if given the right by applicable law, by
          submitting the dispute to an arbitration administrator in the
          jurisdiction in which you reside. To the extent any proceeding is not
          subject to arbitration under applicable law, you may submit the
          dispute to the courts of the jurisdiction in which you reside.
Privacy
Our Privacy Policy applies to use of the Services and its terms are
        made a part of these Terms by reference. The Privacy Policy can be
        viewed on advertising.petco.com.
Governing Law
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the IO or IAB Terms, any
        dispute arising from these Terms or your use of the Services will be
        governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of
        the State of California, except to the extent preempted by U.S. federal
        law, without regard to conflict of law rules or principles (whether of
        the State of California or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the
        application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. Any dispute between
        the parties that is not subject to arbitration will be resolved in the
        state or federal courts in the County of San Diego, California.
Export Control
You are responsible for compliance with United States export controls
        and for any violation of such controls, including any United States
        embargoes or other federal rules and regulations restricting exports.
        You represent, warrant, and covenant that you are not (a) located in, or
        a resident or a national of, any country subject to a U.S. government
        embargo or other restriction, or that has been designated by the U.S.
        government as a “terrorist supporting” country; or (b) on
        any of the U.S. government lists of restricted end users.
General
Miscellaneous.
Petco’s failure to exercise or enforce any right or
          provision of these Terms will not operate as a waiver of such right or
          provision. Nothing in these Terms will constitute a partnership,
          agency, or joint venture between you and Petco. These Terms reflect
          the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject
          matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements, representations,
          statements, and understandings of the parties. If any provision of
          these Terms is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or
          in part, such invalidity or unenforceability will attach only to that
          provision or part and the rest of such provision, and all other
          provisions of these Terms will continue in full force and effect. The
          section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no
          legal or contractual effect. Use of the word “including”
          will be interpreted to mean “including without
          limitation.” Except as otherwise provided herein, these Terms
          are intended solely for the benefit of the parties and are not
          intended to confer third-party beneficiary rights upon any other
          person or entity. You may not assign these Terms or rights hereunder.
          Petco may assign these Terms at Petco’s discretion, without
          consent of or notification to you.
Severability.
If any portion of these Terms other than
Section 9
is found to be unenforceable or unlawful for any reason,
          including but not limited to because it is found to be unconscionable,
          (a) the unenforceable or unlawful provision will be severed from these
          Terms; (b) severance of the unenforceable or unlawful provision will
          have no impact whatsoever on the remainder of these Terms; and (c) the
          unenforceable or unlawful provision may be revised to the extent
          required to render the Terms enforceable or valid, and the rights and
          responsibilities of the parties will be interpreted and enforced
          accordingly, so as to preserve the Terms and the intent of the Terms
          to the fullest possible extent.
Notice.
Communications and transactions between us may be conducted
          electronically. If you have a question or complaint regarding the
          Services, please send an email to
law@petco.com
. You may also contact us by writing to Petco Legal Department, 10850
          Via Frontera, San Diego, CA 92127. Please note that email
          communications will not necessarily be secure; accordingly, you should
          not include payment card information or other sensitive information in
          your email correspondence with us.
Equitable Remedies.
You hereby agree that Petco would be irreparably damaged if
          these Terms were not specifically enforced, and therefore you agree
          that Petco shall be entitled to appropriate equitable remedies in any
          court of competent jurisdiction with respect to breaches of these
          Terms, in addition to such other remedies as Petco may otherwise have
          available to it under applicable laws.