Pngtree Terms of Service
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Copyrights Infringement Notification
Cookies Policy
License Terms
Refund Policy
Intellectual Property Rights
Terms of Service
May 2023
These Terms of Service ("Terms") are used to adjust the legal relationship between Pngtree (hereinafter referred to as "this Website" or "Pngtree") and you (User). The Terms of Service govern the access, browsing and use of the Site by users ("user" or "users", as applicable); downloading and using the terms-content owned by Pngtree; and the services provided through the Site ("Service" or "Services", such as Be applicable).
Access to and use of this website means that the user has read and accepted these terms and conditions without exception. Users may not use this website if they do not accept the Terms or have any objection to any part of these Terms.
Pngtree may amend the Terms at any time, so we encourage users to review these terms on a regular basis. The dates at the beginning of these Terms are the latest updates to these Terms and Conditions, which will apply from the date of publication.
Certain services provided through this website may be subject to certain conditions or instructions that the user must accept before providing the relevant services. These specific conditions may be imposed by Pngtree. Except for the terms, such specific conditions apply and, in the event of a conflict, this clause shall be superseded. Therefore, users must read and accept these specific conditions before providing the relevant services. Similarly, the privacy policy will apply to the collection and processing of personal data.
1. Purpose of Website
Through the Website, the User can search visual content, like vectors and illustrations, images, PNG and Photoshop files in any format (“Content”), as well as specific information related to such content.
Search results may provide content owned by pngtree ("pngtree content"), content uploaded by third parties provided through the website ("contributor content") and other cooperative agency content ("agent content"). These contents will be distinguished in the copyright attribution of the work information.
2. Authorized Use of Website
The User is only authorized to use the Website and the Services in accordance with the Terms and in good faith.
Pngtree's personal account is for personal use only. For your account security, Pngtree will use technical means to limit frequent switching between multiple devices.
The User will not interfere with the functioning of the Website or in the Services, in particular, will not impersonate another user or person. The User agrees not to carry out any action that may damage, make unavailable, overload, deteriorate or impede the normal use of the Website or the Services, which may impact the security of the Website or the Services, or which may in any way interfere with the Services offered by Pngtree. It is prohibited to use robots, spiders or any other mechanism, mobile application, program or tool to access, copy or control any part of the Website or the Services in any way which is contrary to the ordinary use of the Website or which infringes Pngtree's interests, without the express prior authorization from Pngtree. Likewise, it is prohibited to obtain or attempt to obtain the contents of the Website using any method or system not expressly authorized by Pngtree or which is not the ordinary method of accessing the Website.
The User shall be responsible for ensuring prior to using the Services that the features of the Services meet the User’s needs and that has all requirements, equipment, and software necessary for this purpose and of any costs required for the use of the Services.
If the User is a legal entity or business, its username must be its full name or corporate name and the person registering on behalf of the legal entity or business declares that he/she is duly authorized to bind such legal entity or business and that such legal entity or business shall be bound to these Terms.
The rights granted to the User under these Terms are personal and shall not be assigned to any third party (including affiliates or entities part of the same group of companies) totally or partially, by any mean, without the prior, express and written consent from Pngtree.
Pngtree’s enterprise account is allowed to be used and authorized in accordance with the corresponding binding of 2-person/4-person/6-person accounts. The commercial authorization of the enterprise account shall also not be allocated to any third-party company or individual in any way, in whole or in part, only for purchasers Used by the company.
3. Registration
In order to use certain Services, the User must register, creating a username and password and activating an account. To this end, the User must provide a valid email address where the User will receive notifications related to the Services.
The User agrees to provide the mandatory information required for registration and also acknowledges that such information is true, complete and up to date. The User is solely responsible for keeping such information updated. Should the User provide false, outdated or incomplete information, or should Pngtree have reasons to suspect it, Pngtree reserves the right to suspend or cancel the User’s account.
The User must protect and keep confidential the account password and must not disclose it to third parties. The User must neither allow other Users to access the Services through the User’s account nor use the account of another User to access the Services.
The User is responsible for all operations carried out through the User’s account through any device. If the User suspects that another user is using his account he/she should immediately inform Pngtree.
Pngtree may suspend or cancel the account of the User if it considers that the User has breached these Terms.
4. Website Content
Subject to your compliance with these Terms of Service, any applicable license agreement with Pngtree, and the law, you may access and use the Site. Pngtree remains the sole owner of all right, title, and interest in the Site and reserves all rights not expressly granted under these Terms of Service. Pngtree may modify, replace, or discontinue the Site or any part thereof at any time, for any reason, with or without notice, in Pngtree’s sole discretion. Pngtree provides the Site on an "as is" and "as available" basis.
All content on this Site, including but not limited to Images, and related metadata (collectively the "Pngtree Content"), as well as the selection and arrangement of the Pngtree Content, are protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret and other intellectual property laws and treaties. Any unauthorized use of any Pngtree Content violates such laws and this Terms of Use. Except as expressly provided herein or in a separate license agreement between you and Pngtree, Pngtree does not grant any express or implied permission to use the Site or any Pngtree Content. You agree not to copy, republish, frame, transmit, rent, lease, loan, sell, assign, distribute, display, perform, license, sublicense or reverse engineer the Site or any Pngtree Content. In addition, you agree not to use any data mining, robots, or similar data and/or image gathering and extraction methods in connection with the Site or Pngtree Content.
Unless you enter into a license agreement with Pngtree you may not download, distribute, display and/or copy any Pngtree Content.
When the non-subscription account to which you belong is downloading and using pictures, you need to mark the website link and creator attribution as required for its storage, publication, and provision on other social media or other services.
You may not remove any copyright notices contained in the Pngtree Content.
If you have any questions about any content or think it violates any rights, does not comply with these terms, or is inappropriate, you can follow the instructions in these terms to contact pngtree, or follow the instructions provided.
About trademark logo License
The content submitted by contributors may contain trademarks and product appearances. Due to the regional nature of intellectual property rights and the massive amount of website content, PNGTREE cannot determine whether the above trademarks and product appearances are protected by a monopoly in the country where you use them. They are only displayed as effects. Obtain the commercial authorization of the above-mentioned trademarks and product appearance through the license. The following are detailed information about the use of trademarks and product appearance:
●
For personal learning use only. The legal rights and interests of the trademarks and product appearances contained in the content of our website are protected by the laws of different regions. Unless otherwise specified, you can only use it for personal study, research, or appreciation. The content cannot be modified, executed, published, or produced. , Transfer to any other person for any commercial purpose or external use, otherwise, you should replace the above trademark or product design (for example Facebook trademark, held by Facebook Technologies, Inc.).
●
Follow the brand guidelines of respected organizations. Any use of yours shall not be carried out in the form of unfair competition, nor shall it detract from the brand value of others or damage the legitimate rights and interests of the right holder.
4.1 Pngtree own content`s usage
Pngtree original material (labeled "Commercial Use" on the picture) is a work created by the Pngtree design team and Pngtree contract designer uploaded to the Pngtree platform. Members who have obtained Pngtree's commercial authorization can use original materials for commercial purposes, but are not allowed to sublicense the original works. If there is a portrait of a real person in the original work, the portrait will only be displayed as a template and the user should replace the portrait they are using. If the user can reach the portrait person and obtain permission for the portrait, the user can use the picture without replacing the portrait.
No one can use Pngtree to download resources without permission from Pngtree; can't copy or imitate websites or non-Pngtree servers to create images, Pngtree logo, source code, and all page layout design, copyright is not authorized, can not be used for anything other than Pngtree website.Pngtree defaults to all users who enter the Pngtree homepage, carefully read the terms of this agreement and fully agree, please understand!
4.2 How to attribute Pngtree content?
Free user can browse the image detailed page to click "How to attribute" to understand how to credit website and the rights.
When the non-subscription account to which you belong is downloading and using pictures, you need to mark the website link and creator attribution as required for its storage, publication, and provision on other social media or other services.
4.3 What's the Pngtree's Premium License（PRF License）?
Users only need to purchase a website plan to obtain the right to download the content's Premium or Enterprise license (a file named "Premium Royalty-Free Agreement") within the validity period. You can download the premium PRF license in the image detail page or download page or in my profile-my downloads, which proves that you have obtained the commercial license for the image.
In order to protect the validity of the rights to use the picture, the PRF authorization certificate cannot be revoked after it is successfully downloaded (that is unsubscription is not accepted).
The downloaded licenses are valid permanently and are not restricted by time, region, etc.“Content” means all content available on the Pngtree website, including backgrounds, templates, text effect, illustrations, etc.) Pngtree hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, permanent right to use, modify (except as expressly prohibited herein) and to reproduce the contents of the image worldwide, as expressly permitted by the applicable license and subject to this document.
This is a single-seat license that authorizes only one natural person to license, download, and use the content. Unless you upgrade to a "Enterprise plan" account, no other person (including employees, colleagues) may use your account or use content authorized through your account. If you want to purchase authorized content for your principal, you will need to re-subscribe to a new account for your principal's eligibility.If you purchase the "Enterprise Plan", the number of people who have the license, download, and use content rights is limited to the number allowed by the enterprise subscription.
Pngtree's back-end management page grants only a maximum of six access rights, usage rights, and other additional rights. If you need to visit more multiple natural persons, please contact customer service via
[email protected]
For the sake of clarity, if the user is in an employment relationship, the employer will be considered the licensed licensee.Please read these TOS again when purchasing any content licenses.Pngtree reserves the right to modify TOS at any time in its sole discretion.Pngtree will make reasonable efforts to notify you of such changes before such changes become effective. Such notices may be emailed to the email address registered in your Pngtree account, posted on this page or on your login page, and/or otherwise sent.Modifications to these TOS will only apply to future purchases.By issuing a license for such modified content, you agree to be bound by the modified TOS. Non-profit charitable organizations can use the content without requiring any license authorization in non-commercial situations.
4.4 Image content license scope
●
Free users can use images in the following situations:
The image content downloaded by free users is only for personal and private use, such as mobile phone computer wallpapers, personal social media, personal greeting cards/invitation letters, etc.
The source or attribution of the picture must be indicated when using it, and the sale in any form is prohibited.
Non-profit charitable organizations can use it without requiring any license authorization in a non-commercial situation, and the source must be indicated when using it.
●
Personal Premium Plan authorizes you to use images in the following situations:
This is an individual license authorizing one natural person to access the account in order to license and use images. The following is a legal agreement between you, as individual licensee (hereinafter as "you") and pngtree.
This agreement does not allow Legal Entity (Company) to purchase license. Such customers must use Enterprise plan and purchase licenses under Enterprise License Agreement.
Purchasing any pngtree or any premium plan can obtain the following authorization.
Pngtree hereby grants you the non-exclusive and non-transferable permanent right to use (download image license agreement is required), modify (except for those expressly prohibited below), or copy the content expressly permitted by the applicable license and Global image literature subject to this agreement.
The scope of application is as follows:
1. Use of digital copies of the Internet, including websites, online advertisements, social networks, electronic forms of mobile device advertisements, e-card, e-mail marketing and online media (Including YouTube, Dailymotion, Vimeo and other video sharing services)
(Note: The content cannot be resold as online, and products are made for online sales)
2. Printed in the form of physical promotional materials, like posters, flyers, foldouts, letterhead paper and business cards; used for artwork packaging and labels, physical product packaging design, textile design and other packaging design; outdoor advertising
(Note:the quantity for non-sale items such as promotional materials is limited to 300 copies)
3. Use content as main element for the cover and illustrations for a publication (magazines, periodicals, articles, newspapers, novels, textbooks, books,e-books and e-magazines etc)
(Note:the quantity for publications is limited to 50 copies)
4. Basic Print on Demand (POD) Usage:POD services allow you to upload products/designs and only print/make them once the customer orders (e.g. RedBubble, Amazon Merch, Zazzle, etc). But you must ensure that these are not the main element of the design. For example, you cannot sell t-shirts, mugs, vinyls, calendars, etcetera, if these have an image from Pngtree as the main element of the design. This means that you must use your own designs or third party designs to create the main elements of the composition and use Pngtree images as backgrounds or secondary elements. If multiple Pngtree resources are used to create the design, these will all be considered main elements, as they all belong to Pngtree.
●
With basic pod products you are allowed to:
✔
Create and upload crafts and graphics to POD sites that are vastly different from the original. This means they have unique distinctive elements that are added by you.
✔
You can use fonts to create quotes, sentences, word art, etc and upload those designs to POD sites.
✔
Generate unlimited sales via POD sites.
✔
Ship valid POD products worldwide.
●
With basic pod products you are not allowed to:
✘ Simply upload designs without adding distinctive new design elements.
✘ Combine multiple products to create a 'new' design and sell that.
✘ Upload actual font files to POD sites.
✘ Upload patterns to POD sites.
●
Enterprise Plan authorizes you and your Individual or Legal Entity (Company) to use images in the following situations:
Pngtree hereby grants your Individual or Legal Entity (Company) non-exclusive, non-transferable permanent use rights (download image license agreement required), modification (except for the following expressly prohibited) and copy the content as applicable The license expressly permits and is subject to the global image literature of this agreement. (Including but not limited to individuals, companies, branches, partnerships, businesses, factories, educational/training institutions/schools, financial entities, government agencies, medical institutions, and community organizations, such as retail shops, enterprises, engineering firms, industrial societies, studios, restaurants, and workshops, etc.)
The Enterprise plan grants you and your employees the right to use images:
1. Use of digital copies of the Internet, including websites, online advertisements, social networks, electronic forms of mobile device advertisements, e-card, e-mail marketing and online media (Including YouTube, Dailymotion, Vimeo and other video sharing services).
2. Printed in the form of physical promotional materials, like posters, flyers, foldouts, letterhead paper and business cards; used for artwork packaging and labels, physical product packaging design, textile design and other packaging design.
3. Use as mural decoration/decoration design.
4. Prints for resale (poster, greeting cards, postcards, calendars, business cards, etc.); Prints on merchandise for resale (textiles, mugs, stationery, t-shirts, hats, clothing, puzzles, phone cases, etc.).
5. Used for outdoor advertising (buildings, car bodies, light boxes, enclosures, shop windows, outdoor billboards, evening parties, conferences, display in public places).
6. Use as main element for the cover and illustrations for a publication (magazines, periodicals, articles, newspapers, novels, textbooks, books,e-books and e-magazines,etc) as we understand this as a secondary element of your product.
7. Products can be used for Basic Print on Demand (POD) . Basic POD will require alteration to products so it does not compete with the original product. (Allow to generate unlimited sales via POD sites).
8. Full Print on Demand (POD) Usage：All designs in our Full POD library can be used as-is on Print on Demand sites. You do not need to modify the design in any way, but can simply upload it to the POD site. When your subscription ends, you will have to stop selling the files downloaded as part of your subscription.
●
With full pod product you are allowed to:
✔
Create and upload designs to POD sites that are the same or similar to the original.
✔
Generate unlimited sales via POD sites.
✔
Ship valid POD products worldwide.
●
With full pod product you are not allowed to:
✘ Upload actual font files to POD sites.
✘ Make the digital files available for anyone to download, other then uploading it to the POD site for selling.
✘ Keep selling Full POD files without modification after you end your subscription. When your subscription is ended you need to remove the Full POD files from all POD sites. The exception is when you used a file to create a complete new design, as then it will fall under Basic POD which applies to all products.
Note:The scope of these authorization rights and the printing and distribution restrictions allowed are differentiated according to the type of corporate membership. For details, please refer to the display on this website.
Please match your corporate membership type to view the specific applicable image license authorization range.
For details, please view
https://pngtree.com/enterprise-plan-pricing
to see the version authorization difference.
If you still have doubts about the license of Enterprise, or the scope of the license does not match the rights you need, please contact customer service. (Email:
[email protected]
)
4.5 Restrictions on the use of image content
You cannot:
1. Use image content other than the image content explicitly provided by the license you purchased in connection with such image content.
2. When depicting any character ("model") portrayed in the content of the picture, the way it is portrayed makes the normal person feel offended, including but not limited to portraying the model as a) with obscene works, "adult video", adult entertainment venues , accompanying services, dating services or similar content; b) related to advertising or promotional activities of tobacco products; c) participation in political activities (such as any political parties, candidates, elected officials, advertising, or support activities), or involving Any political policy or opinion; d) suffering from or being treated for physical or mental illness; or e) participating in unethical or illegal activities.
3. Use any image content in obscene works, defamatory content or false content, or in ways that would be considered defamatory, obscene, or illegal.
4. Resale, redistribution, access, sharing or transfer of any image content or rights, except as expressly provided herein. For example, but not limited to, the content is prohibited from being displayed as a "library" of the content (or a component thereof), such that the third party can search for and select from the content.
5. Use image content in a manner that infringes the trademark or other intellectual property rights of any third party or results in fraudulent advertising or unfair competition claims.
6. Use any image content (in whole or in part) as a trademark, service mark, logo or other marks of origin, or as part of the above use.
7. Falsely or reasonably implied that the content of the image is created or claimed to be the copyright of the work by someone other than you or the copyright holder of the image content.
5. Tort inspection / DMCA Notice
If you believe that any images or other materials provided by Pngtree infringe any copyright you own or control, you may notify Pngtree in the manner set forth in our DMCA Copyright Infringement Notice.
https://pngtree.com/dmca_notification
6. Responsibility
The User acknowledges and agrees that the User assumes the risk of using the Website and its services at his own risk and that the User is solely responsible for the misuse or use of the Terms.
The User will be liable for any damages incurred by Pngtree to the User's use of the Site and Services in violation of these Terms and shall accept any liability that Pngtree may be liable for in violation of these Terms.
Pngtree does not guarantee the availability or continuity of the website or service, nor does it guarantee its reliability, quality, completeness, accuracy or suitability for a specific purpose or activity.
As an example and not a limitation, Pngtree is not responsible for any damage caused by:
●
Not disruption of Pngtree's responsibility, viruses, technical issues, interference, omissions, unavailability, power outages, telecommunication networks or user equipment failures.
●
Websites and services are delayed or unavailable due to defects or traffic overload in the Internet, communication network or power grid.
1. Third party action.
2. Any other event besides Pngtree direct control.
In addition to Pngtree's intentional misconduct, as well as the nature of the user involved or the nature of the problem, the applicable law stipulates that liability cannot be limited by agreement, the risk of using the website and services by the user and Pngtree is not due to the use of this website and services. Responsible for any damage caused by the user.
Pngtree acts as a provider of intermediary services between collaborators' content offers and users who intend to download them, and does not bear any responsibility for this content, unless clearly stated in the applicable legal statement. According to the above section 1 concerning third-party content and sponsored content, pngtree only acts as a search service provider at the request of users and does not assume any responsibility for search results. The insertion of a link in the service does not mean that pngtree has any relationship, recommendation or supervision to the linked website. Therefore, the company does not bear any responsibility for the content of the linked website except for the following circumstances: applicable laws.
Pngtree will make reasonable commercial efforts to ensure the accuracy of keywords and descriptions, and the logo content is for editorial use only or any equivalent expression. However, pngtree does not guarantee nor make any statements about any keywords, titles or descriptions; or any visual content logo or lack of logo, which is for editorial use only. Therefore, although there may be other limitations of liability according to these terms, pngtree will not compensate or assume any liability for any claims arising from incorrect keywords, titles or descriptions or the use of visual content as determined for editorial use only.
7. Conditions of the subscription
The terms in this section ("Order Terms") apply to any order placed on the Site. Upon completion of any purchase of the order, the user shall be deemed to have read and accepted the terms of the order, without exception.
If the user is interested in purchasing any subscriptions, they must follow the instructions on the website from time to time.
A subscription to Pngtree-selected content is available on the website, including information, prices, and conditions (Including but not limited to the daily limit on Pngtree content download).
Pngtree may modify the subscriptions provided at any time to provide new services (these subscription terms will apply unless otherwise stated) or discontinue any services.
Subscriptions are personal subscriptions and may not be transferred to third parties.
Except for users, no third party may be permitted to use Pngtree content (including as a third party, a subsidiary or entity belonging to the same group company for these purposes).
Pngtree reserves the right to modify the price of any subscription at any time. In order to optimize your user experience, the website price display and amount payment may be matched according to the country you are in. Pngtree shall apply the price specified on the website when the user submits the order.
7.1 Purchase method and invoice
Users should pay in advance by Paypal or credit card and other convenient payment methods provided by Pngtree, as described on the website. To purchase and pay for a subscription, users should follow the instructions on the website. Processing payment information and data via Paypal or credit cards and other convenient payment methods provided by Pngtree are done on a third-party website. When ordering any order, the user authorizes Pngtree to charge the appropriate price via the selected payment method. The subscription can only be activated after Pngtree has received payment or payment from the relevant financing entity. After that, the order is valid for the period of purchase by the user.
Since Pngtree content is digital content, the right to cancel is not applicable but does not affect the warranties set forth in the applicable consumer regulations.
After purchasing a subscription, users can benefit from the following:
●
The service includes the use of the content without tagging the author/website. The remaining conditions stated or mentioned in Section 4 still apply.
●
Obtain the right to download a commercial authorization certificate.
●
Use this website without displaying advertisements.
●
From time to time, it is subject to restrictions applicable to the number of downloads of content and does not affect certain restrictions on the number of downloads intended to prevent fraud or abuse of this website.
Regarding automatic renewal:
Unless otherwise stated in the subscription terms, the subscription does not cancel the subscription before it expires, and the default user agrees to automatically renew its subscription when it expires. Pngtree shall use the same initial payment method to charge the corresponding price.
Invoices:
Users can apply to download the invoices specified on the website within the membership period after payment. Since Pngtree content is digital content, the cancellation right does not apply, but it does not affect the guarantees stipulated in the applicable consumer regulations.
7.2 Refund
Once your premium membership is activated, you will have 15 days to request a refund and you must meet the following conditions: 1. No resources were downloaded within 15 days after payment. 2. Never download the PRF. 3. Never applying successfully for the invoice. (Note: Subscription renewals are non-refundable. If you no longer wish to use the service, please make sure to cancel your subscription before the renewal fee is charged.). You can request a refund via
[email protected]
or the pngtree website. We will process your refund request within 1-2 weeks (delays may occur during holidays). According to the refund policy of the third-party cooperation platform. We will deduct the commission (the order price*3.7%+$0.3) if you need to apply for refund. The commission is entirely charged by the payment platform and pngtree will not make any profit.
How the refund is processed depends on your original payment method: if you pay by credit or debit card, the refund will be sent to the issuing bank and processed by the issuing bank. Please contact the issuing bank for questions about when to post the credit line and the amount of the payment spent to your account.
Pngtree may modify the content of the website or service at any time without assuming any responsibility to the user, restrict or modify the conditions or stop providing some or all of the available services and functions, or deactivate and delete all or some user accounts and their corresponding information. However, pngtree will abide by applicable laws and regulations, keep records related to certain transactions for a certain period of time, or refund the valid subscribers at the time, and deduct part of the price that has not occurred before.
If you have purchased the Pngtree Permanent Premium plan and cannot continue to enjoy this service due to Pngtree's own reasons (such as permanent closure of the website or permanent technical errors), and your permanent premium membership has been activated and the number of downloads is less than 30, you There will be 60 days to apply for a refund.The refund policy is not suitable for people who violate Pngtree's terms of service.
8. Legal jurisdiction and other
These Terms of Service and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of HK.
These Terms of Use will not be interpreted or biased towards either party but will be interpreted in the sense of the text. Any invalid or unenforceable part of these Terms of Use shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder.
If you have a problem or need support, please contact us quickly:
[email protected]
English
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Indonesian
Italian
Nederlands
Polnisch
Português
русский
Tiếng Việt
Melayu
Türkçe
ไทย
हिन्दी
العربية
한국어
日本語
繁體中文
PNGTREE.COM
About Us
Contributor Project
Popular Searches
Update
New Background
AI Image Generator
AI Remove Background
Slidesdocs
PLANS
Enterprise Plan
Individual Plan
Education Plan
Enterprise PLUS Plan
HELP
Help Center
Contact us
Partnerships
Affiliate Program
LEGAL
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Copyrights Infringement Notification
Cookies Policy
License Terms
Refund Policy
Intellectual Property Rights
©️
2017-2026 Pngtree -
All Rights Reserved.
Contact Email:
[email protected]
Secure Payment:
Help Center
Top
You are signed out
Sign in to start download
Log in
Sign up