Terms of use - Poki Kids
TERMS OF USE
Version March 2021
Welcome to Poki! We are a company based in the Netherlands. You can find more information about us in the footer of kids.poki.com. We have made up a couple of rules (these
‘Rules’
) for everyone under the age of 16 that uses our website. If you are under the age of 16 and you use our website, these Rules are also applicable to you. If you do not agree to the Rules, don’t use our website. If you want more information about our Rules, contact us at
kids@poki.com
. We are happy to explain everything to you and of course you are also free to contact us if you have something nice to say 😊  We want our website to be a fun place for everyone and if you respect these Rules, you’ll help us with that!
RULES:
If you are under the age of 16 you are only allowed to visit kids.poki.com and these related domains.
Do not use our website for anything illegal or harmful to other users. What is illegal or harmful? Well, something that is against the law in any country or against common decency. For instance:
Uploading material or comments to our website that is defamatory, indecent, obscene, harassing or violent.
Sharing someone’s information without their consent or other proper ground.
Pretending that you are someone else.
Using our website to infringe legal rights of other people or companies, like infringing the copyrights of others.
Using our website for hacking, phishing, spamming, spreading viruses or other cyber-attacks, or for collecting information about other users of our website.
Harassing, stalking or otherwise acting evil towards other users.
The things that we put on our website are basically ‘our stuff’ or it is content from parties that we work with. You are not allowed to copy, reuse or redistribute any content from our website without our consent. Of course: if the content is copied by your device automatically for technical reasons so that you are able to use our website the normal way, that is not a violation of our Rules!
The use of our website is free, but you may be playing web based. This means that you (or your parents) may be charged by an internet provider for the time you spend on our website. Make sure you check whether your parents (or other caretakers) are aware of this and agree. We are not responsible for paying that bill.
We are not liable to you for anything that is on our website, unless we actively put something on it ourselves that is illegal and has caused you damage. Not being liable means that if you suffer damages as a result of something that is on our website, we won’t pay those damages. So: using our website or anything that is on it, is at your own risk.
If you do something on or with our site that is against our Rules, you (or your parents or other caretakers) may be liable towards us or other people or parties involved. Breaking the Rules can mean that you have to make up for the money that costs.
If other people or parties file a claim against us because you broke these Rules, you (or your parents or other caretakers) will hold us harmless. This means that you need to pay our damages in such case as well. Probably best not to break these Rules…
Dutch law, that means the laws that are created and applicable in a country called ‘the Netherlands’ (look it up sometime!), is applicable to these Rules. So: if you break these Rules, we will use Dutch law to determine what the exact consequences of your actions are.
Poki Kids
PARENTS
TERMS OF USE
CONTACT
PRIVACY INFO
COOKIE STATEMENT PARENTS
PRIVACY STATEMENT PARENTS
Poki Kids is an online playground specially created for young players. We work closely together with game developers to curate a fun and exciting collection of adventures for Kids. We're passionate about making sure it's a super safe environment for kids to play and enjoy themselves. Let's play!