Progress Learning
Product Privacy Policy - Progress Learning
Product Privacy Policy
Progress Learning Product Privacy Policy
Effective Date: July 11, 2022
Progress Learning is committed to protecting students’ privacy. This Product Privacy Policy (“Policy”) explains what personally identifiable information we collect from or about students through their use of our Offerings that our Customers (as defined below) have licensed from us and how we use, disclose, and otherwise process that information. Our Offerings include the Progress Learning platform and Horizon Education offerings.
This Policy does not apply to our general purpose website at
https://progresslearning.com
or to anything other than our Offerings.
Students’ Access to Our Offerings
Our Offerings are provided to students under the age of 18 (or through high school graduation to the extent that occurs at age 18 or later) solely through fixed-term subscriptions purchased by schools, school districts, and other educational entities (our “Customers”). Progress Learning’s Offerings are not available to students under age 18 except when they are enrolled for access as an authorized user by one of our Customers.  Our Customers are required to obtain any and all legally required consents and authorizations from a student’s parent/guardian prior to their enrolling for access for a student under age 18. Our Customers also dictate which aspects of our Offerings students are able to access.
Your Consent
By using (or allowing your child/student to use) Progress Learning’s Offerings you (on behalf of yourself and your child/student) accept, and agree to be bound by, the terms of this Policy. If you do not accept and agree to the terms of this Policy, neither you nor your child/student may use our Offerings.
Information We Collect and How We Use It
We collect the following information about students who use our Offerings:
Personally identifiable information provided by the Customer who enrolled the student for access, by the student’s parent/guardian, or by the student. This information may include information such as the student’s name, name of school, grade level, and e-mail address.
Browser information, such as IP address, the name of a student’s operating system, the name and version of a student’s browser, the date and time of a student’s visit, and the pages the student visits. This information is not personally identifiable, but it can be linked to information that identifies a student, and we reserve the right to do so.
Tracking information, including information collected by cookies, such as which pages students visit, which links they use, and how long they stay on each page. The tracking information we collect is not personally identifiable but can be linked to information that identifies a student, and we reserve the right to do so. Please note that a student’s browser must be set to accept cookies for our Offerings to be fully functional.
If your School chooses to integrate Progress Learning Offerings with other Integration Offerings (e.g., integrate with other School software such as Google Classroom, Clever, Classlink etc.), then we will collect the information necessary to integrate and perform our Offerings, including unique identifiers (e.g., Google Classroom identifier to connect a student to his/her classroom if your School integrates Google Classroom with Progress Learning Teacher) and other information (e.g., teacher and student information if your School integrates Progress Learning Offerings with the teacher and student information from Classlink or Clever).
No Solicitation of Students. Progress Learning receives education records from our customers to enable students and teachers to use the Progress Learning platform. Progress Learning does not solicit personally identifiable information directly from students—all student information is provided by school/district customers or created through the use of the Progress Learning platform. Because Progress Learning is only used in the context of school-directed learning, schools are not required to obtain parental consent under COPPA to provide us with this data, although many customers choose to do so to comply with state or local requirements.
We use the information we collect through our Offerings for educational, efficacy, program and business enhancement purposes and also for other purposes that are authorized or required by the Customer who enrolled the student for access and/or the student’s parent/guardian. For example, we use students’ login information to verify their identities, and we track certain activities so that educators know when students have completed assigned tasks. We may use information collected through our Offerings to improve those tools—for example, we may use information on students’ performance to improve the programs’ efficacy, we may use browser information to make our tools more compatible with the technology used by students, and we may use cookies to personalize students’ experience when using our tools. However, we do not build profiles of students for any purpose other than to support authorized educational purposes (or as authorized by the student’s parent/guardian), and we do not use students’ information for any marketing or promotional purpose. We reserve the right to use the information we collect for security purposes— for example, to detect intrusions into our network.
Entities With Whom We Share Student’s Information
We share students’ personally identifiable information with the Customer who enrolled the student for access to our Offerings.  We may also share such information with vendors, suppliers, licensors and/or subcontractors (“Contractors”) that perform services on our behalf. Our agreements with these Contractors generally contain confidentiality and non-disclosure provisions requiring that such Contractors maintain the confidentiality of any personally identifiable information that may be disclosed or made available to them so that Progress Learning can use Contractor’s product or services. We reserve the right to share students’ personally identifiable information when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law, a court order or a subpoena. We may also disclose such information to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to protect the security of our Offerings; or to protect our own rights or property or the rights, property or safety of our users or others. Finally, we reserve the right to transfer students’ personally identifiable information to a successor organization if, for example, we transfer the ownership or operation of our Offerings to another organization, if we liquidate and sell our assets, or if we merge with or are acquired by another organization. If such a transfer occurs, the successor organization’s use of students’ personally identifiable information will still be subject to this Policy.
Security Measures and Data Retention
Progress Learning maintains a comprehensive security program that is reasonably designed to protect the security, privacy, confidentiality, and integrity of students’ personally identifiable information against risks—such as unauthorized access or use or unintended or inappropriate disclosure—through the use of administrative, technological, and physical safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. However, we cannot guarantee the security of information provided over the Internet or stored in our databases and will not be responsible for breaches of security beyond our reasonable control.
Unless students and their parents/guardians separately authorize us to do so, we will not knowingly retain students’ personally identifiable information beyond the time period required to support the educational and other purposes authorized by the Customer, except that we reserve the right to retain data on backed-up, electronically stored records, the destruction of which would be unreasonably burdensome.
Requests for Access and Deletion of Student’s Personally Identifiable Information
Any student or parent/guardian who is interested in accessing the information Progress Learning stores about the student should request such information from their student’s school (Progress Learning’s Customer). Likewise, requests to have a student’s information modified or deleted should be directed to the student’s school. Progress Learning will work with its Customers to respond to all reasonable requests for access, modification, or deletion that the Customers receive and will comply with all applicable laws regarding data retention/destruction. However, there are various circumstances when Progress Learning may deny a request for access, modification, or deletion, including (but not limited to) when Progress Learning believes that applicable law or a court order requires it to retain information, when Progress Learning believes that retention of the information is necessary to protect its rights, or when the request extends to backed-up, electronically stored records, the destruction of which would be unreasonably burdensome.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our Offerings may contain links to third-party web sites. These web sites are independently owned, controlled, and/or managed web sites whose content we believe will be of possible interest and value to our Customers and their students. However, Progress Learning does not control these sites or their data privacy and security practices. Once you leave our Offerings, the use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you’re visiting. That policy may differ from ours. We specifically recommend that children check with their parents or teachers before clicking links to any third-party sites.
Changes to This Policy
If this Policy changes, the revised policy will be posted on our website. We will not make material changes without first providing prominent notice to our Customers. When reasonably able to do so, we will also provide prominent notice to students who use our Offerings and their parents/guardians, but generally we rely on our Customers to alert students and their parents/guardians to changes. Before using students’ information in a manner inconsistent with the privacy policy in effect at the time it was collected, we will first provide students a chance to opt-in or opt-out (depending on applicable law) of such use.
Contacting Us
Please contact us at info@Progress Learning.com if you have any questions or comments about this Policy. You can also contact us by general mail or phone listed below. General comments about our web site can be directed to info@Progress Learning.com.
General Mail
Progress Learning
800 Battery Ave. Suite 300
Atlanta, GA, 30339
Toll-Free Number
877-377-9537
Subscribe to our Blogs & Webinars