Privacy Notice
Thank you for visiting this website, which is operated by Purdue University and exists to further the mission of Purdue University. Your access to and use of this website is subject to this Privacy Notice. We are committed to protecting your personal data and being transparent about what personal data information is collected, used, and disclosed.

We understand your concerns about privacy and assure you that we take privacy matters seriously. Therefore, we are providing this Privacy Notice to explain our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your personal data is collected, used, and disclosed. The personal data we collect will be used only as outlined in this Privacy Notice. If you have questions regarding this Privacy Notice, you may direct them to privacy@purdue.edu.

This Privacy Notice applies to the public website and the services and activities that are described herein. You can find more detailed information in specific privacy notices provided by the Purdue colleges, departments, units, and groups with which you interact.

Data We Collect and Hold
A significant proportion of the personal data we hold is that which you provide to us; for example, you may give us pA significant proportion of the personal data we hold is that which you provide to us; for example, you may give us personal data by voluntarily inputting the information into our web form or by email communication.

Most records contain:

Name
Address
Email
Telephone Number

When you view pages on our website, we may automatically collect the following technical data, which include personal data:

IP address
Domain name from which you visit our site
User-specific information on which pages are visited
Aggregate information on pages visited
Referring website
Date and time of visit
Duration of visit
Browser type
Screen resolution

This technical information is retained and deleted per our data retention policies.

Active/Manual/Voluntary Collection
Other than automatically collected technical information about your visit (described above, or cookies, described below), we may ask you to provide personal data voluntarily, such as through forms or other manual input. This personal data is generally retained as long as you continue to maintain a relationship with us. Providing this personal data to us is wholly voluntary. However, not providing the requested personal data (or subsequently asking that the personal data be deleted) may affect our ability to serve you or your ability to use a particular service or feature on the website. Personal data we may request includes, but is not limited to:

Your name, telephone number, email address, and/or postal address,
Information volunteered by you, such as preferences, survey information, and/or site registrations
Express Consent to Receive Text Messages
If you have provided prior consent in the process of requesting information from Purdue about its educational offerings or services, or if you have provided prior express consent after becoming a student or a participant in a Purdue activity to receive text (SMS) messages, we may use text messages to communicate with you, including asking you to opt-in to receive marketing or other optional text messages. By opting in, you consent to receive marketing or such other optional text messages using an automatic telephone dialing system. The number of messages may vary. Message and data rates may apply. Consent to receive marketing or other optional text messages is not required as a condition to attending Purdue or to purchase any goods or services, and you may reply to a text message with “STOP” at any time to stop receiving text messages related to the applicable campaign.

Information Usage
Generally, we use the personal data we collect through our website to:

Provide the information, products, and services you request
Provide you with an effective and pleasant web experience
Contact you with information we believe will be of interest to you or to invite you to participate in surveys and provide feedback to us
Invite you to events or to participate in volunteer opportunities
Improve the content, functionality, and usability of our website
Improve our services to you
Improve our marketing and promotional efforts
Internal record keeping, including the management of any feedback or complaints
Administrative purposes (e.g. to process a donation you have made or to administer an event you have registered for or attended)
For any other purpose identified in an applicable privacy policy, click-through agreement, or other agreement between you and us.
Disclosure of Personal Data
We may disclose aggregate, non-personally identifiable information with other entities or organizations. We may disclose perWe may disclose aggregate, non-personally identifiable information with other entities or organizations. We may disclose personal data with other entities or organizations, such as agents, service providers, or contractors, under the following circumstances:

To assist in providing support for our internal operations
When legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our website and applicable laws, or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website
We may also disclose your personal data to other Purdue units, departments, and schools.

Notwithstanding the above, we will not share your opt-in to any SMS text campaign with any third party for purposes unrelated to providing you with the services of the particular marketing or other campaign. We may share your personal data, including your SMS opt-in or consent status, with third parties that help us provide our messaging services, including major mobile phone carriers.

Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that is written to your hard drive that contains information about your visit to a web page. We and our service providers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect usage and browser information about how you use our website. We process the information collected through such technologies, which may include or be combined with personal data, to help operate certain features of our website, to enhance your experience through personalization, and to help us better understand the features of our website that you and other users are most interested in.

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by such cookies about your use of the website (including, possibly, your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google. For more information, please visit Google’s Privacy Policy.

If you prefer not to receive cookies, you may configure your browser not to accept them at all, or to notify and require approval before accepting new cookies. Some web pages/sites may not function properly if the cookies are turned off, or you may have to provide the same information each time you visit those pages.

To customize the information and services offered to you, our site uses cookies to record session information.

Children
This site is not intentionally directed at children. We do not intentionally or knowingly collect data from children under the age of 13. We encourage parents and teachers to be involved in children’s internet explorations. It is particularly important for parents to guide their children when they are asked to provide personal data online. If you have reason to believe that a child under 13 years of age is providing personal data to Purdue through our website, please contact privacy@purdue.edu.

Your Choices and Controls
Depending on where you live, you may have the right to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal data, including the right to access, correct, or delete the personal data we maintain about you. If you believe you have the right to exercise certain controls and choices, please submit a request to privacy@purdue.edu. Please note that we may need to verify your identity before considering a request and that we may deny certain requests, or only fulfill some in part, as permitted or required by law.

To opt out of marketing communications please email us at privacy@purdue.edu or follow the instructions included in the email or text correspondence. Please note that, even if you unsubscribe from certain correspondence, we may still need to contact you with important administrative information, as permitted by law. Additionally, if you withdraw your consent or object to processing, or if you choose not to provide certain personal data, we may be unable to provide some or all of our services to you.

Retention
We will retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Notice, unless otherwise required by applicable laws. Criteria we will use to determine how long we will retain your personal data include whether we need your personal data to provide you with our services you have requested; we continue to have a relationship with you; you have requested information or services from us; we have a legal right or obligation to continue to retain your personal data; we have an obligation to a third party that involves your personal data; our retention or recordkeeping policies and obligations dictate that we retain your personal data; we have an interest in providing you with information about our services; or we have another business purpose for retaining your personal data.

Security
Due to the rapidly evolving nature of information technologies, no transmission of data over the internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. While we are committed to protecting the privacy of our visitors, we cannot guarantee the security of any personal data that you transmit to our websites, and you do so at your own risk. However, once we receive your personal data, we will use reasonable safeguards consistent with prevailing industry standards and commensurate with the sensitivity of the personal data being stored to maintain the security of it on our systems.

Rights for European Union Residents Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
This section provides additional information about Purdue’s processing of personal data of people located in the European Union, European Economic Area, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom.

Our legal basis for processing personal data depends on the personal data concerned and the context in which we process it. We process personal data from you where we need it to perform a contract with you, where the processing is in our legitimate interests (including the purposes described in this Privacy Notice), where the processing is necessary for us to meet our applicable legal obligations, or if we otherwise have your consent.

In the context of our processing activities that are subject to the GDPR, you may have the following rights regarding your personal data: (i) data access and portability; (ii) data correction (including the ability to update your personal data); (iii) data deletion (including the right to have Purdue delete your personal data, unless an exception applies); and (iv) withdrawal of consent or objection to processing (including, in limited circumstances, the right to ask Purdue to stop processing your personal data, with some exceptions). You may also be able to file a complaint with the appropriate supervisory authority.

Personal data that we collect or receive may be transferred to and/or processed by third parties that are located outside of the European Union, European Economic Area, Switzerland, and United Kingdom, some of which applicable authorities may not be considered to have an adequate level of protection for personal data. Purdue will only transfer personal data to third parties located outside of the European Union, European Economic Area, Switzerland, and United Kingdom when it has ensured appropriate safeguards for such personal data through use of the standard contractual clauses or other lawful and approved methods.

Some key facts and information about your data protection rights:

Please contact legalcounsel@purdue.edu if you have any concerns or questions about the above information or wish to ask us not to process your personal data for particular purposes. If you have specific requests relating to how we manage your data, we will endeavor to resolve these, but please note that there may be circumstances where we cannot comply with specific requests.
Where you exercise your right to erasure, we will continue to maintain a core set of personal data (name, subject(s), matriculation and graduation details, unique University identification number, and date of birth) to ensure we do not contact you inadvertently in the future, and to maintain your academic record for archive purposes. We may also need to retain some financial records about you for statutory purposes (e.g., anti-fraud and accounting matters).
If you have any concerns about your personal data held by the college or school you attended or from which you graduated, you will need to contact the school directly.
Privacy Notice Changes
Please note that we may modify or update this Privacy Notice from time to time, so please review it periodically. We will provide you with notice if material changes are made. Unless otherwise indicated, any changes to this Privacy Notice will apply immediately upon posting to our website.

Contact Information
If you have questions or concerns about this policy, please contact us.

If you feel as though this site’s privacy practices differ from the information stated, you may contact us at the listed address or phone number.