Rakuten Terms & Conditions
Please read these Terms and Conditions (“Terms and Conditions” or “Agreement”) carefully. This Agreement affects your rights.

Ebates Performance Marketing, Inc. dba Rakuten Rewards (“Rakuten” or “we”) makes available shopping programs through Rakuten websites, mobile websites, mobile applications, browser extensions, the Rakuten-branded credit card, in-person events and experiences, including third party platform promotions sponsored by Rakuten that specifically refer or link to these Terms and Conditions (“Services”). Rakuten is part of the Rakuten Group, which includes the affiliates and subsidiaries of our parent company, Rakuten Group, Inc., based in Tokyo, Japan.

This Agreement constitutes a legally binding agreement between each individual who enrolls in any of the Services (“Member” or “you”) or otherwise uses any one of the Services. If you are a Member or use any of the Services, YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND IT, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY All OF ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS.

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DISCONTINUE PARTICIPATION IN AND USE OF THE SERVICES AND TERMINATE YOUR SERVICES ACCOUNT IMMEDIATELY.

NOTICE REGARDING DISPUTE RESOLUTION: THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS PROVISIONS THAT GOVERN HOW CLAIMS THAT YOU AND RAKUTEN HAVE AGAINST EACH OTHER ARE RESOLVED (SEE SECTION 3, “DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND ARBITRATION AGREEMENT,” BELOW), INCLUDING AN OBLIGATION TO ARBITRATE DISPUTES, WHICH WILL, SUBJECT TO LIMITED EXCEPTIONS, REQUIRE YOU TO SUBMIT CLAIMS YOU HAVE AGAINST US TO BINDING ARBITRATION.

1. CHANGES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1.1 Rakuten may at its discretion modify, update, add to, discontinue, remove or otherwise change these Terms and Conditions at any time. Each such modification will take immediate effect upon notification to you. Rakuten may provide you with notices, including those regarding changes to these Terms and Conditions, by website, email, regular mail, text message, in-app messaging, or other reasonable means now known or hereinafter developed.

1.2 Your continued use of the Services following any such notifications constitutes your acceptance of such modifications and your agreement to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to any modification of these Terms and Conditions, your sole remedy is to terminate your Account by accessing your Account’s Privacy Preferences, except as noted in Sections 3.12 and 3.13 below, as applicable. The most current version of these Terms and Conditions will be available on our website and supersedes previous versions.

2. SERVICES ACCOUNT

2.1 Our Services are not available to and should not be accessed or used by residents outside of the 50 United States or Washington D.C.. To become a Member, you must be at least 18 years old and provide your email address and password for Rakuten to create your Services account (“Account”). Each person is limited to one Account. To redeem certain offers and promotions and use services offered by our other Services, you may elect to provide us additional information. Information that you submit through one of our Services may be saved and available for your use in our other Services, including, without limitation, any saved payment card information. Any and all information collected from you shall be subject to our Privacy Policy, which is hereby incorporated by reference.

3. DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND ARBITRATION AGREEMENT

3.1 THIS SECTION LIMITS CERTAIN RIGHTS, INCLUDING THE RIGHT TO MAINTAIN A COURT ACTION, THE RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL, THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY FORM OF CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE CLAIM, THE RIGHT TO ENGAGE IN DISCOVERY EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN AAA RULES, AND THE RIGHT TO CERTAIN REMEDIES AND FORMS OF RELIEF. OTHER RIGHTS THAT YOU OR RAKUTEN WOULD HAVE IN COURT ALSO MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN ARBITRATION.

3.2 Rakuten tries to address any disputes without the need to initiate a formal legal case. You agree that prior to submitting any dispute or claim to arbitration for resolution, you and Rakuten agree to make a good faith effort to resolve it informally, including having at least one telephone or videoconference conversation between you, personally, and Rakuten. To initiate this good faith effort to informally resolve a dispute, you agree to notify Rakuten in writing by submitting your request through our Member Services page. Please be sure to select “It’s something else” under Topics in your request and provide the nature of the dispute, the basis for your claims and the resolution that you are seeking, including any monetary amount, with as much detail as you can provide so that we can gain a sufficient understanding of the dispute. Within the sixty (60) days following our receipt of this notice, you agree to engage in good faith efforts to resolve the dispute, including personally participating in a telephone call or videoconference with Rakuten. You may have a lawyer attend the call with you if you wish. If the dispute is not resolved within that sixty (60) days (which period can be extended by agreement of the parties), you or Rakuten may commence an arbitration to resolve the dispute consistent with the process set forth below. Compliance with and completing this informal dispute resolution process is a condition precedent to commencing an arbitration. You and Rakuten agree to toll any applicable statute of limitations and filing fee deadlines while the parties engage in this informal dispute resolution process from the date we receive your notice to the date an arbitration is commenced or the conclusion of the 60-day period described above, whichever is sooner. A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce this condition precedent to arbitration, which includes the power to enjoin the filing or prosecution of a demand for arbitration.

3.3 You and Rakuten agree that, except as set forth below, we will resolve any controversies, claims, counterclaims, or other disputes between you and Rakuten or you and a third-party agent of Rakuten (a “Claim”) through binding and final arbitration instead of through court proceedings, in accordance with the Consumer Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA Rules”) and the Mass Arbitration Supplementary Rules when applicable. This arbitration agreement applies to any existing or future Claims that you have not individually filed in a court of law or in arbitration prior to the date these Terms and Conditions become effective. The AAA Rules are available at http://www.adr.org/ or by calling 1-800-778-7879. YOU AND RAKUTEN HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM. The arbitration will be heard and determined by a single arbitrator. The arbitrator’s decision in any such arbitration will be final and binding upon the parties and may be enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction. You and Rakuten agree that the arbitration will be kept confidential and that the existence of the proceeding and any element of it (including, without limitation, any pleadings, briefs or other documents submitted or exchanged and any testimony or other oral submissions and awards) will not be disclosed beyond the arbitration proceedings, except as may lawfully be required in judicial proceedings relating to the arbitration, by applicable disclosure rules and regulations of securities regulatory authorities or other governmental agencies, or as specifically permitted by state law.

The Federal Arbitration Act, including its procedural aspects, and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement. A court of competent jurisdiction has exclusive authority to determine the existence, scope, and validity of the arbitration agreement and the arbitrability of any claim or counterclaim, including, without limitation, whether any conditions precedent to the commencement of an arbitration have been completely satisfied and any objections with respect to any of the foregoing.

3.4 To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send us an individual letter signed by you requesting arbitration and describing your claim to Ebates Performance Marketing, Inc. DBA Rakuten Rewards, 800 Concar Drive, Suite 175, San Mateo, CA 94402, Attn: Rakuten Rewards Legal. This letter must be sent at least ten (10) days before you initiate an arbitration proceeding against us.

3.5 Any party to the arbitration may at any time serve an offer of compromise in writing upon any other party to the action. Offers of compromise pursuant to these Terms and Conditions will be adjudicated and interpreted in accordance with California Code of Civil Procedure section 998.

3.6 If you demonstrate that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation, Rakuten will pay as much of the administrative costs and arbitrator’s fees required for the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the cost of the arbitration from being prohibitive. In the final award, the arbitrator may apportion the costs of arbitration and the compensation of the arbitrator among the parties in such amounts as the arbitrator deems appropriate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if your attorney is paying the administrative costs, filings fees, arbitrator fees, and other associated arbitral costs on your behalf, and your attorney may recover all or a portion of those fees only if you obtain an award in the arbitration, your attorney must evenly split all costs with us initially. In the final award, the arbitrator may apportion the costs of arbitration and the compensation of the arbitrator among the parties in such amounts as the arbitrator deems appropriate.

3.7 This arbitration agreement does not preclude either party from seeking action by federal, state, or local government agencies. You and Rakuten also have the right to bring qualifying claims in small claims court or transfer qualifying claims to small claims court which shall be in accordance with the choice of law and venue as specified in Section 21.2. Either party may elect that a Claim be filed exclusively in a small claims court in accordance with the choice of law and the venue as specified in Section 21.2 by providing notice to the other party. In the event a Claim has already been filed in arbitration, the party who has filed that Claim will, within ten (10) days of receiving such a notice, withdraw their Claim from arbitration. The parties will then proceed with the Claim exclusively in small claims court. A party may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction to enforce the terms of this paragraph.

3.8 In addition, you and Rakuten retain the right to apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for provisional relief, including pre-arbitral attachments or preliminary injunctions. Any such request shall not be deemed incompatible with these Terms and Conditions, nor a waiver of the right to have disputes submitted to arbitration as provided in these Terms and Conditions.

3.9 Neither you nor Rakuten may act as a class representative or private attorney general, nor participate as a member of a class of claimants, with respect to any Claim. You may not bring Claims in arbitration on a class or representative basis. The arbitrator can decide only your and/or Rakuten’s individual Claims. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration you and Rakuten each waive any right to a jury trial. The arbitrator may award in the arbitration the same damages or other relief available under applicable law, including injunctive and declaratory relief, as if the action were brought in court on an individual basis. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing or herein, the arbitrator may not issue a “public injunction” and any such “public injunction” may be awarded only by a federal or state court. If either party seeks a “public injunction,” all other claims and prayers for relief must be adjudicated in arbitration first and any prayer or claim for a “public injunction” in federal or state court stayed until the arbitration is completed, after which the federal or state court can adjudicate the party’s claim or prayer for “public injunctive relief.” In doing so, the federal or state court is bound under principles of claim or issue preclusion by the decision of the arbitrator.

3.10 If any provision of this Section is found to be invalid or unenforceable, then that specific provision shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed, but the remainder of this Section shall continue in full force and effect. No waiver of any provision of this Section of the Terms and Conditions will be effective or enforceable unless recorded in a writing signed by the party waiving such a right or requirement. Such a waiver shall not waive or affect any other portion of these Terms and Conditions. This Section of the Terms and Conditions will survive the termination of your relationship with Rakuten.

3.11 Mass Arbitration Process Requirements. If twenty-five (25) or more similar claims are asserted against Rakuten at or around the same time by the same or coordinated counsel or are otherwise coordinated (and your Claim is one such claim), you understand and agree that the resolution of your Claim might be delayed. You also hereby agree that for your Claim the AAA Multiple Consumer Case Filing Fee Schedule and Supplementary Rules shall apply, and you commit to adhering to the procedures outlined in these Rules.

3.12 Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, you agree that if we make any future, material change to this arbitration provision, you may reject any change by sending us written notice within thirty (30) calendar days of the change to Ebates Performance Marketing, Inc. DBA Rakuten Rewards, 800 Concar Drive, Suite 175, San Mateo, CA 94402, Attn: Rakuten Rewards Legal. Your decision to reject changes in a new arbitration provision, however, does not affect any prior arbitration provisions to which you have already agreed, which would still remain in effect.

3.13 This arbitration provision is optional. You may decline or opt out of this agreement to arbitrate by sending written and signed notice to Ebates Performance Marketing, Inc. dba Rakuten Rewards, 800 Concar Drive, Suite 175, San Mateo, CA 94402, Attn: Legal within thirty (30) calendar days of enrolling as a Member or accessing Services for the first time.

4. SERVICES LICENSE

4.1 Subject to this Agreement, we hereby grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable license (without the right to sublicense) to access and use the Services for your personal use to access the Services. You agree that you obtain no rights other than the rights and licenses expressly granted in this Agreement. Rakuten reserves the right to change, restrict, upgrade, or discontinue the Services and any feature of the Services, at any time, with or without notice. All rights not expressly granted under this Agreement are reserved by Rakuten or its licensors.

5. SERVICES RESTRICTIONS

5.1 You agree that you will not, and will not permit others to: (i) damage, interfere with or unreasonably overload the Services; (ii) introduce into the Services any code intended to disrupt the Services; (iii) alter or delete any information, data, text, links, images, software, chat, communications and other content available through the Services (collectively, “Content”); (iv) access the Services by expert system, electronic agent, “bot” or other automated means or frame the Services within any applications; (v) use scripts or disguised redirects to derive financial benefit from Rakuten; (vi) modify, reverse engineer, reverse assemble, decompile, copy or otherwise derive the source code of any Services for any reason; (vii) rent, sell or sublicense any of the Services; (viii) provide any unauthorized third party with access to the Services; (ix) access or attempt to access confidential Content through the Services or attempt to circumvent any security, Content protection, or authentication measure associated with the Services; (x) interfere with the operation of the Services, including, but not limited to, distribution of unsolicited advertising or mail messages and propagation of computer worms and viruses; (xi) post any material in any form whatsoever on the Services or within the Services that is defamatory, obscene or otherwise unlawful or violates any third party’s right of privacy or publicity; (xii) infringe any third party’s patent, copyright, service mark, trademark or other intellectual property right of any kind or misappropriate the trade secrets of any third party in connection with your use of the Services; (xiii) engage in any activity that does not comply with applicable law and regulations or otherwise engage in any illegal, manipulative or misleading activity through the use of the Services; (xiv) use the manual or automated software, devices or other processes to "scrape," "crawl," "spider" or index any page of Content from the Services; (xv) attack the Services via a denial-of-service attack, distributed denial-of-service attack, flooding, mailbombing or crashing; or (xvi) otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Services.

6. SERVICES

6.1 Cash Back. We offer the ability for Members to earn cash back (“Cash Back”) on their purchases completed through the Services. Rakuten receives compensation for referring buyers to the retailers, brands, merchants and other partners participating in the Services (“Affiliate Stores”). Rakuten gives a portion of this fee to its Members as Cash Back. Compensation received by Rakuten may play a part in whether retailers and products appear on our site, where they are placed, and how we promote them to you. Participation in the Services and the opportunity to earn Cash Back are offered at the sole discretion of Rakuten and subject to your compliance with this Agreement.

(a) Online Cash Back. In order to earn Cash Back online, you must register for an Account, be signed in to one of the Services use the shopping links within the Services, and complete your purchase transaction during the same shopping session you started after clicking on the shopping link. If you visit other sites before completing your purchase or use coupons not provided by Rakuten, your purchase might be associated with a service other than Rakuten and you might not earn Cash Back on your purchase. If you disable “cookies” on your computer so that the cookies are not operational when you complete your purchase transaction, you will not be able to earn Cash Back because cookies are used to authenticate the user and verify whose Member Account is eligible for the Cash Back.

(b) In-Store Cash Back. Rakuten may also offer you the opportunity to earn Cash Back on purchases made in store (“In-Store Cash Back”) at certain physical Affiliate Store locations. In order to be eligible for In-Store Cash Back, you must link your payment card to an “in-store” offer (“Card Linked Offer”) and subsequently using such payment card to complete the purchase transaction in accordance with the terms of the Card Linked Offer. The terms of the In-Store Cash Back Terms & Conditions and the terms accompanying each Card Linked Offer will govern how In-Store Cash Back is earned and paid to the extent they vary from this Agreement.

6.2 Rakuten Applications. Rakuten may make available software applications (“Rakuten Applications”) to allow you to access our Services without visiting www.rakuten.com. Rakuten Applications include our mobile app and browser extension and for purposes of this Agreement, are expressly included in all references to the Services.

(a) Cash Back Shopping with Rakuten Applications. The Rakuten Applications, whether you are interacting with it or not, will collect information about the content, products, coupons, deals, merchants, products, and offers, that you view or click on at an Affiliate Store site. This will allow Rakuten to provide you more personalized offers, special offers, discounts, and/or more relevant offers about our participating merchants via email and other direct communications, and through our Rakuten Applications. Rakuten Applications may also collect information about your shopping behavior within your browser session for internal testing purposes. Information collected by the Rakuten Applications for these purposes will include date and time of use, browser type, browser version, device type, URLs of web pages visited, general information about the visited web page, product searches, product search results, information about products added to cart, and other product information. Rakuten may collect this information from certain merchants and not all Affiliate Stores. The Rakuten Applications will also collect and use data, such as the order contents and order total, from order confirmation pages so we may confirm your Cash Back faster and more reliably (“Instant Cash Back”). Instant Cash Back may not be available at all Affiliate Stores. We do not intentionally collect nor use other types of information that may be included on an Affiliate Store’s order confirmation page, such as your address or partial payment information, although this information may be incidentally captured to the limited extent it is displayed by the Affiliate Store. Any data collected by the Rakuten Applications will be used, stored, and/or disclosed in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You can also stop all collection of information by the Rakuten Application by uninstalling it.

(b) Cash Back Shopping with the Browser Extension. The Browser Extension is made available to enhance your shopping experience with www.rakuten.com by providing you with relevant offers and references displayed on your browser. If you elect to install the Browser Extension, the Browser Extension will display Cash Back shopping opportunities. The Browser Extension will prompt you to start your Cash Back shopping session via www.rakuten.com. The Browser Extension will alert you of coupon opportunities and will also alert you of a deal or offer available through www.rakuten.com with respect to a product or brand appearing in your search results or on other pages you visit across the web, and prompt you to start a shopping session at one of our Affiliate Stores. If you start a shopping session using the Browser Extension, it will set a cookie (or other similar tracking technologies) on your device through our affiliate network for the purpose of tracking your shopping session and crediting your Cash Back reward — just as if you had begun your shopping experience via any of our links to Affiliate Store sites on www.rakuten.com. If you did not start a shopping session using the Browser Extension, the Browser Extension may still offer you the ability to start a Cash Back shopping session when you arrive at an Affiliate Store’s website. In the event you accept the offer to start a Cash Back shopping session per the preceding sentence, the Browser Extension will set a cookie (or other similar tracking technologies) on your device through our affiliate network for the purpose of tracking your shopping session and will overwrite any cookies or other similar tracking devices from other affiliate marketing companies related to the Affiliate Store that were already present on your computer so that you can be credited a Cash Back reward from Rakuten.

(c) Browser Extension Features. The Browser Extension also has some functionality that does not depend upon your interaction with it. By installing the Browser Extension, you enable Rakuten to automatically collect information on the pages you visit on your browser so that we can surface relevant offers, such as when coupons are available at a merchant or when Cash Back and/or coupons are available with our Affiliate Stores. The Browser Extension will also collect information on the results pages of any searches you make so it can surface offers and deals where they are relevant (for example, the Browser Extension will display a Cash Back offer within a search engine results page that is related to those search results or a dining offer on a restaurant review website).

(d) Autofill. When you complete a purchase at an Affiliate Store through the Rakuten mobile app, we may offer you the option to store the billing and payment information from your order confirmation page so that it may be available for use on future purchases or Services experiences (“Autofill Profile”). You can update or delete the information in your Autofill Profile at any time by navigating to Rakuten Autofill from the My Account section of the Rakuten mobile app. Autofill may not be available on all Affiliate Stores.

(e) Your Choices with Rakuten Applications. You may turn off certain features of Rakuten Applications by updating the options within the Settings of the Rakuten Application or device or browser settings. When using our mobile application, your preferences for receiving push notifications and other mobile alerts can be configured in the settings of your mobile device.

(f) Export Control of Rakuten Applications. Rakuten Applications and their underlying information and technology may not be exported or re-exported into any country to which the U.S. has export restrictions, including U.S. embargoed goods or to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department’s Table of Deny Orders. You represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list of export restriction, and that you will otherwise comply with all applicable export control laws.

7. CASH BACK EXCLUSIONS

7.1 CASH BACK IS EARNED ON YOUR NET PURCHASE AMOUNT, WHICH EXCLUDES TAXES, FEES, SHIPPING, GIFT-WRAPPING, DISCOUNTS OR CREDITS, RETURNS OR CANCELLATIONS, AND EXTENDED WARRANTIES. PURCHASES WITH GIFT CARDS MAY NOT QUALIFY FOR CASH BACK IF EXCLUDED IN THE TERMS OF OFFER BY AN AFFILIATE STORE. CASH BACK AMOUNTS VARY BY AFFILIATE STORE AND PRODUCT CATEGORY AND MAY CONTAIN EXCLUSIONS IN THE TERMS OF THE OFFER AND THE APPLICABLE STORE PAGE. PLEASE REVIEW THESE TERMS CAREFULLY.

8. STORE POLICIES

8.1 A product purchased from any Affiliate Store, whether online or in store, is governed by and subject to the applicable Affiliate Store policies, including applicable exchange and shipping policies. You agree that we are not agents of any Affiliate Store and that the Affiliate Stores operate independently and are not under our control. Accordingly, your participation in offers or promotions of, or correspondence with, any Affiliate Store is solely between you and that Affiliate Store. We do not assume any liability, obligation or responsibility for any part of such correspondence, offer or promotion, including, without limitation, the withdrawal or modification of any such offer or promotion. Rakuten is not responsible for changes to, or discontinuance of, any Affiliate Store, or for any Affiliate Store withdrawal from the Services, or for any effect on accrual of Cash Back caused by such changes, discontinuance or withdrawal.

9. BONUSES AND OTHER REWARDS

9.1 Rakuten periodically offers bonuses or rewards for referring new Members to the Services or for other specific actions. Participation in our Refer-A-Friend Program or Welcome Bonus program is subject, as they apply, to our Referral Program Terms or Welcome Bonus Program Terms. In order to be eligible for bonuses and other rewards offered by Rakuten, you, and as applicable any participants must be located and be a resident of the 50 United States or Washington D.C. Bonus offers cannot be stacked. The terms and conditions accompanying such offers will govern how they are earned and paid if the terms and conditions differ from this Agreement. All bonuses and rewards are subject to review. Rakuten reserves the right to withhold, deny or cancel any bonuses and/or rewards and/or terminate your Account if Rakuten, in its sole discretion, deems your redemption of any bonuses and/or rewards are fraudulent as described further in Section 11.3 below, abusive, unethical, suspicious or otherwise inconsistent with any terms and conditions that accompany any offer, this Agreement or any other applicable law or regulation. Rakuten decisions are final.

10. PAYMENT OF CASH BACK AND OTHER REWARDS

10.1 Requirements. As a condition of payment of accrued Cash Back or other rewards, you must: (i) establish and maintain an Active Account (defined below); (ii) provide a valid email address that you own and are able to receive email; (iii) provide a password to protect your Account; and (iv) provide your physical address. If you elect to receive payment via PayPal, you must provide a valid PayPal email address and not use a PayPal account associated with another Services Account. A single PayPal email address cannot be connected to multiple Services Accounts. Additionally, you must not be a resident of a country subject to economic or trade sanctions by the U.S. State Department or U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”), be listed as a “Specially Designated National,” a “Specially Designated Global Terrorist,” a “Blocked Person” or similar designation under the OFAC sanctions regime, or be a resident outside of the 50 United States or Washington D.C. You further agree to provide additional information we may reasonably request to verify your identity as a condition for receiving payment.

10.2 Cash Back Payments. The minimum payment amount for Cash Back and other Cash Back Services rewards is $5.01. Balances below $5.01 remain in your Account for potential payment during the next payment period. Rakuten pays members in U.S. dollars via check, PayPal or other payment options as Rakuten may make available from time to time. Members may select or change their payment options in the account settings through the Services. Rakuten pays its Members confirmed Cash Back and Cash Back Services related rewards in accordance with the current payment schedule. Cash Back displayed in your account may be a combination of confirmed and pending amounts. Cash Back is not payable until it is confirmed. The rate at which Cash Back updates from pending to confirmed will vary depending on the Affiliate Store, the Affiliate Stores’ policies and reporting schedules, the nature of the item(s) purchased, and other fraud risk factors Cash Back for travel-related purchases typically does not become confirmed until after travel has been completed. Rakuten reserves the right to delay payment for any purchase based on Rakuten’s suspicion or detection of fraud with your Account, the misattribution of your Cash Back rewards by an Affiliate Store, any anomaly’s detected by Rakuten with your account, changes to Affiliate Store policies at any time. Rakuten also reserves the right to modify the payment schedule at any time. Rakuten is not responsible for payments delivered to the wrong address through no fault of Rakuten or for payment errors made by payment partners, like PayPal. If your check expires without being cashed or deposited, or if it is returned uncashed to Rakuten, the payment amount will be returned to your Account, where it may be subject to inactive account maintenance charges described in Section 11.2 below or subject to state abandoned property law, unless you take the proper steps to restore your Account to Active status.

10.3 Rakuten Cash Back Redemption for Gift Cards. Rakuten may offer gift cards as a redemption option for your Cash Back. Third party gift cards made available as a Rakuten cash back redemption option are subject to the terms and conditions set by the applicable Affiliate Store who issues the gift card. You should review and familiarize yourself with all applicable Affiliate Store terms and conditions prior to your redemption and use of the gift card. Gift cards and gift card balances are issued by (and are solely the liabilities of) the Affiliate Store or its card issuer and not Rakuten and in no way is Rakuten affiliated with the gift card issuer. You agree that Rakuten is not responsible for any gift card program, is not the issuer of any gift cards, is not the holder of any liabilities related to unredeemed gift cards, and makes no representations or warranties regarding the gift cards available through Rakuten or the products and services you purchase with any such gift card.

Gift cards are delivered only to the valid email address that is associated with your member account at the time of redemption. All Cash Back redemptions for an gift card are final and non-refundable and cannot be canceled, returned, or exchanged.

10.4 Account Adjustments. In our sole discretion, we may deduct Cash Back from your account to make adjustments for returns and cancellations with respect to Cash Back Services purchases. Any such adjustments will be made in accordance with this Agreement, any applicable Rakuten policies and terms, the terms of the Affiliate Store offer and any and all applicable laws, rules and regulations. The determination of whether a purchase made through an Affiliate Store qualifies for Cash Back is at the sole discretion of Rakuten. If an Affiliate Store fails to report a transaction to Rakuten or fails to make payment to Rakuten for any reason, Rakuten reserves the right to cancel the Cash Back associated with that transaction. It is your responsibility to check your Account regularly to ensure that Cash Back has been properly credited and paid and that your Account balance is accurate. If you believe that Cash Back has not been correctly credited to your account, you must contact Rakuten Member Services within ninety (90) days of the transaction. In addition, Rakuten may make account adjustments for any Cash Back that Rakuten, in its sole discretion, deems as fraudulent, abusive, unethical, suspicious or otherwise inconsistent with the Referral Program Terms, this Agreement or any other applicable law or regulation. Rakuten decisions are final. Should you disagree with any adjustments made to your account or payments made to you, your sole remedy is to terminate your account.

10.5 Taxes. You may be taxed on your receipt of bonuses and other consideration (merchandise, travel, etc.) for member referrals or other promotional activities (such as prizes from a sweepstakes) depending on the tax laws of federal, state and local jurisdictions. You will be solely responsible for any tax liability arising out of the consideration received in connection with any member referrals or promotional activities.

11. ACCOUNT MAINTENANCE

11.1 Updating Your Account. You agree to keep your Account information current, complete and accurate by periodically updating the information through the Services. You must be logged into Rakuten and enter your password to change your Account information and payment preferences. You may check your Account status and recent purchase and/or earning history at any time via the Services. You will maintain the confidentiality of your Account information, including username and password by which you access the Service. Any use of your username and password will be deemed to be your use, and Rakuten is entitled to act on instructions received under your password and is not responsible for any credits or debits made to your account by someone else who uses your password. If there is a breach of security through your Account, you will immediately change your password and notify us of such breach. You agree that, unless you have first notified us immediately of any such breach, we should assume that any instruction transmitted using your username and password is yours and has been authorized by you, and we will have no obligation to inquire into the propriety of such instruction.

11.2 Account Activity. An Active Account means you must have shopped or started a shopping trip via the Services within the past twelve (12) months. Except where prohibited by applicable law, if you have not shopped or started a shopping trip via the Services for more than twelve (12) consecutive months, Rakuten reserves the right to debit your Account balance five dollars ($5.00) per month (“Maintenance Fee”) to recover the cost of account maintenance in its normal course of business until you reactivate your Account by shopping or starting a shopping trip via the Services or until your account balance is zero. If your account remains inactive for more than thirty-six (36) consecutive months and the balance in your inactive account is or becomes zero, Rakuten reserves the right to close the Account permanently and cease to maintain your Account records and Services access. Maintenance Fees are nonrefundable, but will not cause your account balance to become negative, and will not cause you to owe money to Rakuten.

11.3 Fraudulent Activity. We reserve the right to investigate any purchase transactions, referral activity, or interaction with any Services that we suspect, in our sole discretion, is abusing or has abused the Services. We reserve the right to rescind any Cash Back, bar further Cash Back awards and/or bonuses, and/or terminate any Member Account that we believe, in our sole discretion, is abusing or has abused the Services, including, without limitation, by engaging in a pattern of returning products after the corresponding Cash Back has been credited or making fraudulent referrals by creating multiple Accounts. Multiple Accounts created under the Refer-A-Friend Program with the same name, name on orders, payment method on orders, address, email address, PayPal account, or other identifying feature may be flagged as fraudulent referrals. Any failure to comply with this Agreement, any fraud or abuse relating to the accrual or receipt of Cash Back or other rewards and bonuses, or any misrepresentation of any information furnished to Rakuten by you or anyone acting on your behalf may result in the termination of your Account and forfeiture of any accrued Cash Back rewards. If Rakuten has any reason to suspect fraudulent activity is associated with your Account, Rakuten reserves the right to delay or withhold payment of Cash Back. Any suspected or actual cases of fraud activity will be escalated and reviewed in accordance with our fraud process. Rakuten decisions are final.

12. RECEIVING COMMUNICATIONS

12.1 By signing up to be a Member, you agree to receive communications and notices by electronic mail. Our communications may be account- and membership-related (e.g., that we’ve added money to your account, that a purchase has been made, that we are mailing you a check on a certain date, etc.) as well as periodic shopping-related emails that highlight coupons and special deals available to Rakuten Members. We may communicate with you regarding the Services by electronic mail or direct mail using information you provide to us. Your consent to receive electronic communications includes any notices or other information that we may be required by law to provide you in writing or otherwise. You agree to keep us apprised of your current email address should the same change after the date you become a Member. We may also send you push notifications if you install the mobile application. If you elect to provide us a mobile number, we may use it to contact you when you make account updates or for account recovery purposes. You may receive recurring messages from us during those account changes. Standard message rates apply, and carriers are not responsible for any delayed or undelivered messages. You may opt out of receiving certain communications in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

13. THIRD-PARTY PLATFORMS

13.1 When you access or use the Services, we may make available services from one or more third parties (“Third-Party Platforms”). The Services support Third-Party Platforms, including Apple, Facebook, and Google to make it easier for you to sign in or create your Account. Any use of Third-Party Platforms to create and access your Account is subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policies of such third parties (“Third-Party Terms”).

14. YOUR FEEDBACK

14.1 You may be invited to provide us feedback, comments, ideas, suggestions, reviews and other information about our Services (“Feedback”) through the Services, by our member services or through one of our service providers, like Trustpilot. You hereby grant to Rakuten and its affiliates and agents a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, perform, translate, create derivative works from, distribute and display the Feedback in any media and for any legal purpose, including, without limitation, the right to use such Feedback in advertising and promotional materials and to enhance or improve our products and services and the products and services of its affiliates.

15. COMMUNITY STANDARDS

15.1 By participating in the Services, you are becoming a Member of a community that depends on the goodwill and responsible behavior of each of our Members. Members are required to refrain from transmission or communication of images or text constituting ethnic slurs, obscenities, sexually explicit material, inflammatory or derogatory comments, or anything else that may be construed as harassing or offensive, which is targeted at the Services, our employees, contractors or agents, our Affiliate Stores, or other Members. This includes communications by means of social media or other Internet posts that violate the above community standards or promote or encourage gaming or fraudulent behavior. Members who violate this provision, as determined by us in our sole discretion, may have their access to the Services suspended or terminated without prior notice.

16. OWNERSHIP

16.1 All right, title and interest in the Services and the Content belong to Rakuten or its licensors. Additionally, Rakuten shall maintain all right, title and interest in the “Rakuten” mark, the “Ebates” mark, the Rakuten logo, the Ebates logo and any other marks, service marks, trademarks or logos of Rakuten and its affiliates (“Rakuten Marks”). The Rakuten Marks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Rakuten’s or in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Rakuten or implies a partnership, sponsorship, or endorsement by Rakuten. You shall not by any means bid on any keywords with any search engine containing “Rakuten,” “Ebates” or anything substantially similar to “Rakuten,” “Ebates,” “Buy.com” or any other Rakuten Mark including, without limitation, Rakuten.com, Rakuten.ca, Ebates.com, Buy.com, BFAds.net or Ebates.ca. You shall not mention or use Rakuten in any ad text, extensions or banner ads without the express written consent of Rakuten. All other trademarks not owned by Rakuten that are used in the Services are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to or sponsored by Rakuten.

17. INDEMNIFICATION

17.1 To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to indemnify Rakuten, our Affiliate Stores, as well as their respective officers, directors, employees, successors, agents and affiliates, for any and all claims, damages, losses and causes of action (including attorneys’ fees and court costs) arising out of or relating to your breach of this Agreement or for any materials in any form whatsoever that are provided by you (or through your username and/or password). You agree to cooperate as fully as reasonably required in our defense and/or settlement of any claim. We reserve the right, in our reasonable discretion, to assume exclusive control over the defense and settlement of any matter subject to indemnification by you.

18. WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS

18.1 THE SERVICES AND CONTENT ARE PROVIDED “AS-IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, THOSE ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE MAKE NO WARRANTY AS TO THE QUALITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY OR VALIDITY OF THE SERVICES OR THE CONTENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY PRODUCT SEARCH RESULTS, PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS, AUTOFILL, INSTANT CASH BACK, PRICING INFORMATION ADVICE, OPINION, STATEMENT, RECOMMENDATIONS, REVIEWS OR OTHER INFORMATION DISPLAYED, UPLOADED OR DISTRIBUTED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SERVICES. IN ADDITION, WE MAKE NO WARRANTY AS TO PRODUCT AVAILABILITY, INCLUDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PRODUCT FEATURES AND FUNCTIONALITY SUCH AS COMMERCE CAPTURE, AUTOFILL, AND TARGETED MARKETING AND PERSONALIZATION WHICH AVAILABILITY MAY VARY BASED ON YOUR CASH BACK EXPERIENCE. COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONALITY OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THEY WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. FURTHER, COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT, GUARANTEE OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE QUALITY OR ACCURACY OF ADVERTISEMENTS FOR ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED OR PROVIDED BY ITS AFFILIATE STORES IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SERVICES.

19. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

19.1 TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, STATUTORY, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR OTHER INDIRECT DAMAGES OR FOR ANY LOSS PROFITS, LOSS DATA OR LOSS OF USE DAMAGES, EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AGREE THAT THE COMPANY’S MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT EXCEED FIFTY U.S. DOLLARS ($50) OR THE MAXIMUM CASH BACK AMOUNT YOU RECEIVED IN THE LAST FOUR YEARS FROM THE DATE OF ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS, WHICHEVER IS GREATER. THIS LIMITATION SHALL APPLY TO ANY AND ALL LIABILITIES OR CAUSES OF ACTION HOWEVER ALLEGED OR ARISING, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, BREACH OF CONTRACT, OR ANY OTHER CLAIM WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT, OR EQUITY.

20. TERMINATION OR SUSPENSION

20.1 This Agreement is effective when accepted by you and will remain in effect until you or we terminate your Account. You may terminate your Account by accessing your Account’s Privacy Preferences. We may terminate this Agreement, your Account, and your use of or access to the Services at any time, for any reason or no reason, including if your Account remains inactive per Section 11.2. Any violation of this Agreement or the rules and conditions of the Services may result in the termination of your Account and forfeiture of pending or prior Cash Back and other rewards. We may, in our sole discretion, at any time and without prior notice, discontinue, cancel, suspend, restrict, change, or limit access to all or any part of the Services or any functionality, feature or other component of any Services. You agree that Rakuten will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or termination of the Services or your access to any of the Services. If you are dissatisfied with any aspect of the Services at any time, your sole and exclusive remedy is to cease participating in the Services by terminating your Account by accessing your Account’s Privacy Preferences. Upon any termination of the Services, your right to use and access the Services and to receive Cash Back and other rewards, will terminate. Termination will not prejudice either you or our remedies at law or in equity.

20.2 Sections 3, 4, 5, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, and 21 of these Terms and Conditions shall survive termination of this Agreement.

21. GENERAL PROVISIONS

21.1 Entire Agreement. These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and Rakuten and govern your use of the Services superseding any prior agreements between you and Rakuten with respect to the Services (including, without limitation, earlier versions of this Agreement that may have been accepted by you). Any representations, statements or agreements made or entered into elsewhere, whether directly or indirectly, written or oral or in advertising are not binding toward Rakuten unless expressly confirmed in writing by Rakuten to you. You may also be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use or purchase certain other Rakuten services, Rakuten affiliate services, third party content or third party software.

21.2 Choice of Law and Venue. The validity, construction and interpretation of this Agreement and the relationship between you and Rakuten, including the rights and duties of the parties, will be governed by the laws of the State of California in the United States without regard to its conflict of law provisions. This shall not limit the protection afforded to you by provisions that cannot be derogated from by agreement by virtue of applicable law. The exclusive venue for any dispute or issue arising out of this Agreement shall be held in San Francisco County, California.

21.3 Interpretation. Headings under this Agreement are intended only for convenience and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement.

21.4 Waiver and Severability of Terms. Any waiver or failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement on one occasion will not be deemed a waiver of any other provision or of such provision on any other occasion. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, such invalidity shall not affect the remaining provisions, except as otherwise stated.

21.5 Assignment. You may not assign, transfer, or otherwise dispose of your rights and obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, without our prior written consent, and any such assignment without such consent will be null and void. Rakuten has the right to transfer, assign or otherwise dispose of these Terms and Conditions without your consent.

Updated: October 15, 2025