Terms of Service
Please read the following agreement carefully. You must accept the terms of this agreement in order to use rateyourmusic.com

Acceptance of Terms

These TERMS OF SERVICE (the “Terms of Service”) apply to the rateyourmusic.com website, and all associated sites linked to rateyourmusic.com by Sonemic, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates, including Sonemic sites around the world (collectively, the “Site”). The Site is the property of Sonemic Inc. (“Sonemic,” or “we”) and its licensors. These Terms of Service constitute a legal agreement between you, or in the event that you represent, or are using the Site on behalf of, a business or other entity, that business or entity (in either case, “you”). If you are a business or other entity, the individual entering into these Terms of Service on your behalf hereby represents that they are an employee or agent of such business or other entity and has authority to enter into these Terms of Service on the company’s behalf. BY USING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE; IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, DO NOT USE THE SITE.

The Site, all Content thereon, and any services offered in connection therewith, are provided free of charge free of charge to all users on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. We provide no warranty, including those regarding the availability, accuracy of information provided, ability to reliably retain personal information, or operability of this web site. By registering or using this service, you agree to abide by these terms of service, as well as our privacy policy.

Member Conduct

You understand that all material posted on this web site is the sole responsibility of the person from whom such content originated. Sonemic does not censor or correct material submitted (although we reserve the right to do this in the future). Therefore, you understand that you may be exposed to content that is objectionable, offensive, or indecent. In addition, you may be exposed to information that is inaccurate. Sonemic will not be responsible in any way for any content that is posted to this site, as well as any harm, loss, or damage resulting from this content.

Sonemic does not attempt to claim copyright or ownership of material that you submit, however, Sonemic claims a non-exclusive worldwide, royalty free, perpetual, non-revocable license to reproduce your material (Otherwise, we would not be able to display it to other users). In addition, you agree to give other users the same license to reprint or save your material for their personal use.

Except as expressly provided in these Terms of Service, no part of the Site and no Content may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted or distributed in any way (including “mirroring”) to any other computer, server, website, or other medium for publication or distribution or for any commercial enterprise, without Sonemic’s express prior written consent.

Upon your agreement to be bound to these Terms and subject to the terms and conditions contained herein, Sonemic grants you a limited, non-exclusive, and revocable license to use information on the Site purposely made available by Sonemic for downloading from the Site; provided, however, that you: (a) not remove any proprietary notice language in all copies of such documents; (b) only use such information only for your personal, non-commercial, informational purposes; (c) do not copy or post such information on any networked computer or broadcast it in any media; (d) do not use, or allow any third party to use, such information for the training, development of, or improvement of any artificial intelligence model or other software, including any software as a service offering; (d) make no modifications to any such information; and (e) not make any additional representations or warranties relating to such information (the “Limited Use License”). You agree to use the Site in compliance with all applicable laws. If you access the Site from outside the United States, you will comply with all local laws regarding your use of the Site.

Sonemic reserves the right to refuse, move, or delete any content that is submitted by users for any reason.

Unacceptable Conduct

Sonemic considers the following behavior to be unacceptable conduct, and may terminate your account and/or remove all content submitted by you if you are engaged in the following activities:

Using, developing, or otherwise attempting to use, any “deep-link,” “page-scrape,” “robot,” “spider,” or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the Site or any Content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site or any Content, to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents, or information through any means not purposely made available through the Site, and Sonemic reserves the right to bar any such activity;
Taking any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the Site or Sonemic’s systems or networks, or any systems or networks connected to the Site or to Sonemic;
uploading, posting, emailing or otherwise transmitting any content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, inciteful, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
harming minors in any way;
impersonating any person or entity, including, but not limited to, an Sonemic staff member, or falsely stating or otherwise misrepresenting your affiliation with a person or entity;
forging headers or otherwise manipulating identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any content transmitted through the service;
uploading, posting, emailing or otherwise transmitting any content that you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);
uploading, posting, emailing or otherwise transmitting any content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity or other proprietary right of any party;
uploading, posting, emailing or otherwise transmitting any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of such solicitation;
uploading, posting, emailing or otherwise transmitting any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
interfering with or disrupting the service or servers or networks connected to the service, or disobeying any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the service;
intentionally or unintentionally violating any applicable local, state, national or international law, including, but not limited to, regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any rules of any national or other securities exchange, including, without limitation, the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ, and any regulations having the force of law;
"stalking" or otherwise harassing another;
harvesting or otherwise collecting information about others, including email addresses, without their consent.
purposely making false contribution to our public databases in order to disrupt our service.


Indemnification

You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Sonemic from any loss, liability, claim, demand, damage, or expenses (including reasonable attorney's fees) asserted by any third party due to or arising from or in connection with:

the content you upload, submit, post, or transmit through the service;
your use of the service;
your connection to the service;
your violation of the Terms of Service, or
your violation of the rights of another. Sonemic reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, which shall not excuse your indemnity obligations.

Modifications to this service

Sonemic reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that Sonemic shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification to or discontinuance of the service.

External Links

Sonemic or other users may provide links to other World Wide Web sites and resources. You acknowledge and agree that Sonemic is not responsible for the availability of these outside resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible for any content, advertising, products or other material on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that Sonemic shall not be held responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damage caused or alleged to have been caused by use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such sites or resources.

Modification of Terms of Service

If the Terms of Service or Privacy Policy are changed, it will be noted on the front page of this web site. By continuing to use the service, you agree to changes made in the Terms of Service and/or Privacy Policy.

DMCA; Claims of Copyright Infringement.

Sonemic, Inc. respects the intellectual property rights of others, and requires its users to do the same. If you believe that your copyrighted work has been reproduced in a manner which constitutes copyright infringement, you may notify Sonemic's copyright agent in accordance with Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), by providing the following:

Identification of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
Identification of the material that you claim is infringing and needs to be removed, including a description of where it is located on the Services so that the copyright agent can locate it;
Your address, telephone number, and, if available, e-mail address, so that the copyright agent may contact you about your complaint; and
A signed statement that the above information is accurate; that you have a good faith belief that the identified use of the material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and, under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf in this situation.


Notices of copyright infringement claims should be sent as follows:
By mail:
Sonemic, Inc.
1700 7th Ave, Ste 116 PMB 137
Seattle, WA 98101
Attention: Copyright Agent


Or by email: dmca-request@Sonemic

Questions or Comments

Questions or comments concerning these terms of service can be sent here.

Certain pages on the site include content from YouTube. By using the YouTube API clients, users agree to be bound by the YouTube Terms of Service.