
Terms of Use Agreement
This Website or mobile application (collectively, hereinafter "Website") is owned and operated by REALTOR.ca Canada Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of The Canadian Real Estate Association (CREA).

By accessing this Website, the user agrees to be bound by all of the terms of use, without modification, and agrees that these terms constitute a binding contract between the user and REALTOR.ca Canada Inc. If you do not agree with these terms of use, do not use this Website.

Where the user is also a member of CREA such as a member real estate Board, Association, or REALTOR® member, the user also agrees to be bound by any applicable CREA By-Laws, Rules, policies, or practices.

These terms of use may be revised from time to time without notice. All users of this Website should therefore periodically visit this page to review any modifications. The user's continued use of this Website following any changes constitutes acceptance by the user of such modifications.

Copyright
This Website, and all materials, content, and data available on this Website, is protected by copyright, and is owned by, or licensed to, REALTOR.ca Canada Inc., or otherwise provided by a third party. The contents of this Website are intended for the private, non-commercial use by individuals. Any other use of this Website in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, is specifically prohibited.

Users may, subject to these terms of use, print or otherwise save individual pages for private use. However, the contents of this Website may not be modified or altered in any respect, merged with other data, or published in any form, in whole or in part. The prohibited uses include but are not limited to, "web scraping", "data scraping" and any other activity intended to collect, store, reorganize or manipulate data that appears on this Website.

Trademarks
Not all real estate agents are REALTORS®.

REALTOR®, REALTORS® and the REALTOR® logo are certification marks owned by REALTOR® Canada Inc., a corporation jointly owned by the National Association of REALTORS® and CREA. The REALTOR® trademarks are used to identify real estate professionals who are members of CREA.

MLS®, Multiple Listing Service®, and the associated logos are all registered certification marks owned by CREA and are used to identify the quality of services provided by real estate professionals who are members of CREA.

Other trademarks used on this Website may be owned by CREA, real estate boards and other third parties. Nothing contained on this Website gives any user the right or license to use any trademark displayed on this Website without the express permission of the owner.

Messages Sent via Website
This Website allows users to send messages to other persons, including REALTORS®. These messaging features are intended for private, non-commercial use by individuals who are potential buyer or sellers and who wish to contact a REALTOR® member about the REALTOR® member's property listing information. Any other use of the information is specifically prohibited.

In addition, the user agrees not to use this Website to harass or abuse, send spam or other unwanted communications, or send unlawful, libelous, obscene, discriminatory, or otherwise objectionable messages including messages that:

(a) infringe, misappropriate or violate any intellectual property or other rights of any third-party;
(b) are defamatory, harmful to minors, obscene or child pornographic;
(c) contain any viruses or programming routines intended to damage the services or any software, hardware or other technology used to provide the services or surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any data or information;
(d) are false, misleading or inaccurate;
(e) contain Sensitive Data. For the purposes of these terms of use, "Sensitive Data" includes but is not limited to: (i) a social insurance number, passport number, driver's license number, or similar identifier (or any portion thereof); (ii) a credit or debit card number; (iii) employment, financial or health information; (iv) any person's ethnic or religious affiliation, sexual orientation, or gender identity; (v) account passwords; (vi) any person's date of birth; (vii) any person's criminal history; or (viii) any other information that is considered sensitive under applicable privacy laws.
REALTOR.ca Canada Inc. is under no obligation to review the content of messages sent through the Website but may do so at any time in order to comply with any law, government request, or in the interest of operating the Website. REALTOR.ca Canada Inc. reserves the right to remove any message for any reason.

Links to Website
Users may link to the Website. However, REALTOR.ca Canada Inc. reserves the right to refuse any link at any time at REALTOR.ca Canada Inc.'s sole discretion. The user agrees to remove any link to the Website at REALTOR.ca Canada Inc.'s request.

Links to Third Party Sites
This Website may contain links to third party sites operated by parties other than REALTOR.ca Canada Inc. Such links are provided for the user's reference only. REALTOR.ca Canada Inc. does not endorse or control such third-party sites and is not responsible for their contents or the privacy or other practices of such third-party sites.

Third-Party Affiliate Links
REALTOR.ca Canada Inc. may receive a commission from qualifying purchases made through affiliate links to third-party products. REALTOR.ca Canada Inc. makes no representations, warranties, or guarantees regarding the third-party products featured, sold, or distributed through these links. All transactions made through affiliate links on this Website are directly between you and the third-party seller, distributor, or manufacturer, and are subject to their respective terms and conditions.

REALTOR.ca Canada Inc. is not responsible for the quality, legality, accuracy, or availability of these products. By choosing to purchase a third-party product through an affiliate link, the user acknowledges and agrees that REALTOR.ca Canada Inc. is not liable for any issues that may arise from the transaction.

Frames
Users and third parties may not under any circumstance use technology to display the content of this Website in a frame or in any other manner that is different from how it would appear if a user typed the URL into the browser line.

Foreign Currencies
Prices displayed in currencies other than Canadian dollars are calculated using the exchange rates posted by the Bank of Canada. All prices should be independently verified.

Privacy
The user acknowledges that their personal information will be used by the Website in accordance with the Website privacy policy located at: https://www.realtor.ca/privacy-policy.

Liability and Warranty Disclaimer
REALTOR.ca Canada Inc. and CREA make no representations about the suitability of any materials, content or data published on this Website. Listing information is deemed reliable, but not guaranteed. Everything on this Website is provided "As Is" without warranty of any kind including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy, completeness, title, and non-infringement.

Neither REALTOR.ca Canada Inc., CREA nor any of their respective suppliers shall be liable for any claims, loss or damages arising out of the user's access to or use of this Website, including but not limited to any special, incidental, direct, indirect, consequential, or punitive damages, regardless of whether REALTOR.ca Canada Inc. had been advised of or could have foreseen the possibility of such claim, loss, or damage.

Indemnification
The user agrees to indemnify, defend, release, and hold REALTOR.ca Canada Inc., CREA, and any of their respective partners, agents, officers, directors, employees, subcontractors, successors, assigns, third party suppliers, advertisers, and affiliates harmless from any and all liability, claims, damages and expenses, including reasonable legal fees, resulting from or related to the user's violation of these terms of use, or the user's access to or use of the Website or its contents, including any messages sent through the Website.

No Waiver
REALTOR.ca Canada's Inc.'s failure or delay to enforce any of the terms and conditions under these terms of use shall not operate as a waiver of any of REALTOR.ca Canada Inc.'s rights or privileges under these terms of use.

Termination of Access
REALTOR.ca Canada Inc. reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate, limit or suspend any user's access to this Website without notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including but not limited to the user's breach of any of these terms of use.

Updates, Upgrades and Revisions
REALTOR.ca Canada Inc. may make changes to the features, functionality, or content of this Website at any time.

By downloading and installing REALTOR.ca Canada Inc. mobile applications, the user agrees to receive future updates and upgrades to these applications. Users can opt out of automatic updates and upgrades by adjusting their settings, for example, within the operating system or app platform, where such options are available. It is the user's responsibility to ensure that their REALTOR.ca Canada Inc. applications remain up to date to benefit from the latest features, security patches, and improvements.

Beta Features and Testing
From time to time, REALTOR.ca Canada Inc. may offer users access to new or updated versions of the Website (collectively "Beta Features") for the purpose of testing and providing feedback, or other usage as determined by REALTOR.ca Canada Inc. By using any Beta Features, the user acknowledges and agrees that, in addition to the general provisions set out in these terms of use, the following applies:

Beta Features are provided "As Is," may contain bugs, errors, or other issues, and may be modified, suspended, or discontinued at any time without notice;
REALTOR.ca Canada Inc. makes no representations or warranties, express or implied, regarding the performance, reliability, security or availability of Beta Features;
The user's use of Beta Features is completely voluntary and at the user's own risk;
REALTOR.ca Canada Inc. may collect and use any feedback, suggestions, or other input provided by the user in connection with Beta Features for any purpose, without any obligation, compensation, or attribution to the user. REALTOR.ca Canada Inc. is not required to maintain, develop, release, support, or incorporate such feedback or any related Beta Features.
Language
If these terms of use are translated into a language other than English and there are conflicts between the translations, the English version shall prevail and control.

No Assignment
The user is not permitted to assign or otherwise transfer partially or totally their rights and obligations under these terms of use.

Interpretation
These terms of use shall be interpreted without regard to which party drafted these terms of use.

Severability
If any of the provisions of these terms of use are held invalid or unenforceable, such a finding will not affect the validity of any other provisions of these terms of use, unless the invalidity or unenforceability would invalidate the remainder of these terms of use.

Entire Agreement
These terms of use contain and constitute the entire understanding and agreement between the user and REALTOR.ca Canada Inc. and supersede all previous negotiations, agreements, commitments, and writings. The user acknowledges that they have not relied on or been induced to enter into these terms of use by a representation or warranty other than those expressly set out in these terms of use.

Governing Law
These terms of use shall be governed by the laws of Ontario, Canada. The courts in Ottawa, Ontario, will have exclusive jurisdiction to hear and decide any disputes relating to these terms of use.

Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about these terms of use, please contact:

REALTOR.ca Canada Inc.
200 Catherine Street, 6th Floor
Ottawa, ON K2P 2K9
Tel: 1-800-842-2732
(613) 237-7111
Email: legal@realtor.ca