Roku Website Terms of Use
These terms govern your access and use of the Roku website and any associated sites of Roku, which are operated by Roku Inc. and/or its subsidiaries and affiliates. By accessing or using the Roku website, as well as the content, products, and services available on the site, you are accepting these terms. If you do not agree with these terms, you do not have the right to access or use the Roku website.

Certain features, functionality, and content may be subject to additional terms, which will be provided to you at the time those services are offered. We reserve the right (at any time) to modify, suspend, or remove certain features, functionality, or content from the Roku website.

Using the Roku Website
To access certain features and functionality on the Roku website, purchase Roku products, submit content, or access and watch The Roku Channel, you will need to register with us and/or create a Roku account. Our Privacy Policy provides information on how we collect, use and disclose information from our users and the use of this website and our products.

In accessing or using the Roku website, you may not take any action that interferes with the proper working of the Roku website, compromises the security of the site, or otherwise damages the site or any materials and information available through the site, such as (1) using automated means to collect information or content from or to access the site (such as using technical tools known as robots, spiders, or scrapers, without our prior permission), (2) attempting to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the site, to other systems or networks connected to our site or servers, or to any of the services offered on or through our site (such as by hacking, password “mining”, or any other unauthorized means), (3) probing, scanning, or testing the vulnerability of the Roku website or any network connected to our site or bypassing any authentication measures on our site or any network connected to the site, (4) interfering with or disrupting the operation of the Roku website, our servers, or the networks connected to the site, or disobeying any requirements, procedures, policies, or regulations of the networks connected to our site, or (5) forging headers or otherwise manipulating any identifiers (such as to disguise yourself) or any service offered on or through the Roku website. You may not pretend that you are, or that you represent, someone else, or impersonate any other individual or entity. You may not harvest or otherwise collect and store information about other users of the Roku website. You are responsible for any loss or damage Roku suffers because of your breach of any of the above restrictions. We reserve the right to investigate and prosecute violations of any of the above and/or involve and cooperate with law enforcement authorities in their investigation.

Roku Community
The Roku Community provides information about Roku products and features and allows users to share information about Roku products and support issues, so long as it complies with the Roku Community Guidelines and all applicable laws and regulations. We do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, or quality of any user-provided content and will not be responsible or liable for any user-provided content.

You are responsible for the content that you post, including its legality, reliability, and appropriateness, and for your conduct when using our community services. By posting content on our website, you give us a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right and license to use, reproduce, store, modify, adapt, publish, perform, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media, along with the right to use your name that you used when posting such content. For the content that you post, you represent that it is either created by you or you have the right to use and publish it and that it does not violate these terms.

We may review any or all portions of your content and delete (or modify) any of your content from our website if we believe your content violates our terms or the Community Guidelines, threatens the safety of, or harms any other person, or creates liability for us or any other person. We reserve the right (but have no obligation) to investigate and take appropriate action, including removing your content (or modifying it), suspending or terminating your account, and/or reporting you to law enforcement authorities, if you violate these terms.

The Roku Channel
Access to The Roku Channel (where available) is subject to The Roku Channel Terms of Use.

Restrictions
Copying or redistribution of certain content is strictly prohibited, and digital rights management or other technologies may be used to prevent or restrict any copying or re-distributing of any content, which you agree not to try to circumvent or avoid. Certain content is only available in certain countries. If you attempt to access content outside of these countries, the rights granted under these terms will not apply. You may not link to or frame the Roku website on your website or service that you own, operate, or control unless you have our written permission. If you violate any of these terms, we may suspend or disable your access to or use of the Roku website.

Copyright & Content Takedown
If you believe in good faith that certain content appearing on our website or through our products and services infringes upon your copyright, other proprietary rights, or contains prohibited or illegal content, send us a content takedown notice.

Making Purchases
To make a purchase on the Roku website, you will need to provide us with certain payment information to complete the order. The required payment information and payments methods available vary based on your country. Go to our Privacy Policy for more information on the payment information we collect and how it is used. We will use your payment information to complete the purchase of your order. In some cases, we may use a payment service provider to process those payments for us, and in those cases, we may provide your payment information to them so they can complete the transaction for you.

Your purchase may be subject to sales or use tax. The amount and type of tax applicable to your purchase will depend on what was purchased and the applicable tax rules (where the product is sold). You are responsible for paying the taxes that are applicable to your transactions. Pricing does not include any shipping and handling charges (which will be added separately at checkout).

We reserve the right to (1) limit or discontinue the available quantity of any product for purchase, (2) limit or condition the use of any promotional code or discount offer, or (3) limit or prohibit someone from making or completing a purchase. Your use of a Roku product is subject to its terms of use.

Content on the Roku Website
The Roku website may contain information about Roku, such as press releases, industry news, or corporate financial information. Some of this information may not be entirely accurate, complete, reliable, or up-to-date, and use of such information is at your own risk. The Roku website may also contain offers, promotions, and/or links to products and services provided by others (who are not affiliated with Roku). We do not make (or imply) any endorsement or recommendation of these products or services, which are subject to their own terms and policies (including data privacy and data gathering practices), and any charges or obligations you incur in your dealings with them, which are your responsibility and done at your own risk (Roku is not responsible or liable for those interactions or the products or services they provide to you).

Roku’s Proprietary Rights
All content on the Roku website is proprietary to Roku (and/or its licensors) and protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of the United States and other countries.  All rights are reserved by Roku (or its applicable licensors). You may not remove, alter, or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices appearing on or accompanying any content on (or any portion of) the Roku website. Any permitted use of Roku’s trademarks is subject to the Roku Trademark Guidelines.

Disclaimers
The Roku website is provided “AS IS” and on an “AS AVAILABLE” basis and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, WE DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. We make no warranty that the services provided through the Roku website will meet your requirements or will be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis. We make no warranty regarding the quality of any information or content provided through the Roku website.

Limitation of Liability
WHEN PERMITTED BY LAW, WE WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, OUR TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FROM ALL CAUSES OF ACTION AND UNDER ALL THEORIES OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING FOR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, IS LIMITED TO THE PURCHASE PRICE (THAT YOU PAID) FOR ANY ROKU PRODUCTS PURCHASED VIA THE ROKU WEBSITE OR $50 USD (WHICHEVER IS MORE). IN ALL CASES, WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE THAT IS NOT REASONABLY FORESEEABLE.

Exclusions
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the exclusions and limitations above may not apply to you.

Arbitration of Disputes
All claims arising out of or relating to your Roku account or any Roku product or service will be resolved exclusively through arbitration, according to these Dispute Resolution Terms, unless you opted out or another exception applies. We both agree that all claims may only be conducted on an individual basis (and not in a class, consolidated, or representative action).

Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Venue
These terms are governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to any conflict of laws principles that may provide the application of the law of another jurisdiction. If, for any reason, a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, we both agree that the exclusive jurisdiction and venue for any legal proceeding is either federal court of the Northern District of California or state court in Santa Clara County, California.

General
These terms are between you and Roku and no other person has any right to enforce these terms on your behalf. Your rights are not transferable. Each paragraph is intended to operate separately. If any court or relevant authority determines that any terms are invalid or unenforceable, those terms will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the remaining terms will remain in full force and effect. If we delay or chose not to enforce these terms, that will not mean that we have waived our rights or that you do not have to comply with these terms. These terms may be amended by us from time to time. If we make material changes to these terms, we will post the revised terms on our website and may also notify you through your Roku product or your Roku account. Your use after the changes go into effect will constitute your acceptance of those changes. If you do not agree to the new terms, you may not be able to continue using your product with your Roku account.

Contacting Us
If you have any questions about these terms, you can contact us.

Effective: October 17, 2020