Terms of Service | Royal Road
0
You have
no
pending
notifications
View all
Loading...
Log In
Read
Best Rated
Trending
Ongoing Fictions
Complete
Popular this week
Latest Updates
Newest Fictions
Rising Stars
Writathon
Search
Surprise me!
Write
Forums
Member List
Support
Knowledge Base
Suggestions
Community Help
Support Tickets
Status
Premium
Royal Road – Terms of Service
Welcome to the Royal Road platform, which is owned and operated by Not Yet Media Ltd., a private company
            incorporated in Israel, company no. 516138310 (“Royal Road”, “we”, “us” or
            “our”), with registered place of business at 6094/7, Nazareth, Israel.
There are tooltips
throughout this document that explain some of the more complex
            terms.
            Hover over them to see the tooltip (or tap on them if you're on mobile). Please note that these tooltips are not a binding part of the terms, and are provided for your
            convenience only.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION: These Terms of Service, which include our
Privacy Policy
,
DMCA Policy
, and
Cookie Policy
(the "
Terms
") constitute a binding agreement between us and you. By
            accessing our platform at:
www.royalroad.com
(the
            “
Platform
”) or downloading the Royal Road mobile application (the
            “
App
”), creating an Account (as defined below) and using the Platform or the
            App to post various content, including stories, comments and messages, or to access and view content
            (together, the “
Services
”), you signify your acceptance of these Terms.
We may update these Terms at any time. We will notify you about such updates or changes by posting a notice
            on the Platform and the App, and may send you a notice by e-mail. Your use of the Services following any
            amendment of these Terms will signify your assent to and acceptance of the revised Terms. If you do not
            agree to the Terms, your only remedy is to discontinue your use of the Services.
Last updated: March 03, 2025.
MINIMUM AGE
If you want to use our Services you have to be at least thirteen (13) years old. If we learn that someone
                    under the age of 13 is using the Services, we will terminate their Account.
YOUR ACCOUNT WITH US
It is possible to read content created by other users without signing up to the Services. In order to use the
                    full range of our Services, you need to create an account with us (“
Account
”).
                    In addition to being of the minimum required age to use our Platform or App under applicable law, if you are
                    not old enough to have authority to agree to our Terms in your country, your parent or guardian must agree
                    to our Terms and our Privacy Policy on your behalf.
Creating an Account
Only individual persons can register to the Platform or App. When registering on our
                        Platform or App, you must provide accurate information about yourself. You may not use false information
                        or impersonate another person or company through your Account. Your account is not transferable and so you may not transfer your Account to
                        anyone else. It is your sole responsibility to ensure that the contact information in your Account is
                        current and accurate. Changes to your contact information can be made through the Platform or App.
You will be asked to choose a username for your profile. Do not choose a username that
                        is in any way offensive, vulgar, or infringes someone’s intellectual property rights.
You are solely responsible for any activity on your Account, so it is important that you keep
                        your Account password secure. You must not let anyone else access your Account or do anything else that
                        might jeopardize the security of your Account. In the event you become aware of or reasonably suspect
                        any breach of security, including, without limitation any loss, theft, or other unauthorized access to your
                        Account, you must immediately notify us of such breach via our contact form at
https://www.royalroad.com/contact
. We will not be liable for your losses caused by any
                        unauthorized use
                        of your Account.
We have no control over your actions or transactions made using the Services. With that
                        in mind, we will have no liability to you or to any third-party for any claims or damages that may arise
                        as a result of any actions or transactions that you engage in while using the Services.
We reserve the right to deny your access to the Services immediately and with or without cause, including
                    without limitation if we believe that you are in breach of these Terms for any reason whatsoever.
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES
License.
Royal Road hereby grants you, subject to these Terms and our Community Guidelines (available at
https://www.royalroad.com/support/knowledgebase/114
), a non-exclusive,
                        non-transferable personal license to:
Use the Platform and/or the App for your own personal use; and
Install and use the App on a mobile device.
Our Rights in the Services
We reserve all rights in the Services’ look and feel and in our content
                                on the Services, including without limitation, all text, descriptions, products, software,
                                graphics, all page headers, button icons, scripts, photos, videos, interactive features, and
                                services ("
Content
") and the trademarks, service marks and logos contained
                                therein ("
Marks
").
You may not copy or adapt any portion of our Content or visual design
                                elements (including Marks) without our prior express written permission or as set out in this
                                clause. Please do not use our Marks in any way that might suggest Royal Road endorses a
                                particular product or service, or that you have a business relationship with Royal Road.
“Royal Road”, the Royal Road logo, and other Marks are trademarks
                                of Royal Road or our affiliates’ Marks. All other trademarks, service marks, and logos
                                used on our Services are the trademarks, service marks, or logos of their respective owners.
Royal Road may change, terminate, or restrict access to any aspect of the
                                Services, at any time, without notice. We can remove any content you post or submit for any
                                reason. Royal Road may access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably
                                believe is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or
                                governmental request, (ii) enforce these Terms, including investigation of potential
                                violations, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues,
                                (iv) cooperate with law enforcement authorities; (v) respond to user support requests, or
                                (vi) protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users or the public.
Content in the Platform or in the App is provided to you “AS IS” for
                        your information and personal use only and may not be used, copied, distributed, transmitted,
                        broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, de-compiled, or otherwise exploited for any other purposes
                        whatsoever without our prior written consent.
You agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security-related
                        features of the Services or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any Content or
                        that enforce limitations on use of the Services.
Notices and Messages
. We will provide notices and messages to you
                        either via the services, or sent to the contact information you provided us when registering for
                        the Platform, and you agree to ensure that this contact information is kept up to date from time to time.
YOUR CONTENT
Your Content belongs to you.
Any content that you create and
                        upload onto the Services is owned by you, and we refer to it as “
Your Content
” in these Terms. You represent and warrant that you have all necessary rights to
                        Your Content and that you are not infringing or violating any third party’s rights by
                        posting it. Your Content must also comply with our General Rules (available at:
https://www.royalroad.com/support/knowledgebase/115
).
Rights You Grant Royal Road.
By posting Your Content, you grant
                        Royal Road a non-exclusive, worldwide, sub-licensable, revocable license to use, display, promote, edit,
                        reformat, reproduce, publish, distribute, store, and sub-license Your Content on the Services.
                        This allows us to provide the Services, and to promote Your Content or Royal Road in general, in
                        any formats and through any channels, including any third-party website or advertising
                        medium.
You also grant Royal Road an irrevocable license to store and copy Your Content for the purposes of backups and internal testing of the services.
Uploading Your Content.
When uploading Your Content, you can
                        choose the genre under which Your Content falls, and select tags applicable for Your Content,
                        such as “Sci-Fi”, “Female Lead”, “Urban”,
                        “Comedy” or many more as offered in the Services. You are also requested to include a content warning and
                        identify whether Your Content contains sexual content, profanity, disturbing content or graphic
                        violence.
Infringing Content.
Royal Road has great respect for
                        intellectual property rights and is committed to following appropriate legal procedures to
                        remove infringing content from the Platform. Whilst we can remove any content you post or submit
                        for any reason, in any case if Your Content infringes another person’s
                        intellectual property, we will remove it if we receive proper notice, and will notify you if
                        that occurs. You are responsible for Your Content and are liable for all risks related to its
                        publication and display.
Inappropriate or Prohibited Content.
There are certain types of
                        content we do not permit on our Services (for legal reasons or otherwise). We do not permit
                        content that is categorized as erotica or that involves sexual activities involving underage
                        characters. You further agree that you will not post, upload, send or otherwise transmit any
                        content that is abusive, threatening, defamatory, contains hate speech, or is racially,
                        ethnically or otherwise objectionable or offensive in any way or in violation of any other part
                        of the Terms. You also may not post any content that constitutes a breach of any person's
                        privacy or publicity rights, is false or misleading or uses the Services in a manner that is
                        fraudulent or deceptive.
Monitoring and Deletion.
We have the right – but not the
                        obligation – to monitor, censor, edit, modify, delete, and/or remove any and all content posted
                        on the Services (including Your Content) at any time and for any reason. Without limiting the
                        foregoing, we have the right – but not the obligation – to delete any content that we
                        believe, in our sole discretion, does or may violate these Terms, our policies or any law.
Storing of Removed Content.
When we remove content from the
                        Services, it may continue to be stored by us (though will not necessarily be stored),
                        but we may not be able to retrieve the latest copy. Consequently, we encourage you to maintain your own backup of Your Content.
Feedback.
We encourage you to let us know your feedback,
                        suggestions and ideas with respect to our Services, for example via
https://www.royalroad.com/ideas
.
                        This can help us improve your experience and our Services. Any unsolicited ideas or other
                        materials you submit to us (not including Your Content) are considered non-confidential and
                        non-proprietary to you. You grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable,
                        sub-licensable, perpetual license to use and publish those ideas and materials for any purpose,
                        without compensation to you.
Royal Road has the right to collect, use and store data concerning the usage and
                        operation of the Platform and the Services collected in connection with the Account for any
                        purpose provided that such data is anonymized and does not include information that identifies
                        or provides a reasonable basis to identify a company or an individual.
REVIEWS AND READER GUIDELINES
When posting reviews or ratings on the Services, you must comply with our Review Rules (available at:
https://www.royalroad.com/support/knowledgebase/73
).
                        Reviews should be constructive, respectful, and focus on the content rather than the author.
Reviews that do not comply with these rules may be removed at Royal Road's discretion.
PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES
You agree NOT to do any of the following when using the Services:
take any action that infringes or violates other people’s rights, violates any law,
                                or breaches any contract or legal duty you have toward anyone.
defame, stalk, bully, abuse, threaten, harass, intimidate, harm another person or
                                engage in any other predatory behavior, including sending unwelcomed communications to others,
                                or incite others to commit violent acts or any of the aforementioned;
be disrespectful when you communicate or interact with others;
share other users' or third party's information without their express written consent;
utilize or copy information, content or any data you view on or obtain from the Services
                                to provide any service that is competitive, in our sole discretion, with the Services;
reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, decipher or otherwise attempt to derive the
                                source code for any underlying intellectual property used to provide the Services, or any part thereof;
unless expressly permitted by us, use or launch any manual or automated system or
                                software, devices, scripts robots, other means or processes to access, “scrape,”
                                “crawl”, “cache”, “spider” any web page or other service contained in our
                                Services, or to access the Services in a manner that sends more request messages to our servers in a
                                given period of time than a human can reasonably produce in the same period by using a conventional
                                on-line web browser;
use ‘bots’ or other automated methods to access the Services, add or download contacts,
                                send or redirect messages, or perform other similar activities through the Services;
engage in “framing,” or in “mirroring,” or otherwise simulate the
                                appearance or function of the Services in any way;
attempt to or actually override any security component included in or underlying the
                                Services; or
interfere or disrupt the Services, including, but not limited to any servers or networks
                                connected to the Services, or the underlying software.
Breach of these Terms
. Failure to comply with the rules above
                        constitutes a serious and material breach of these Terms, and we may take all or any of the following actions (with
                        or without notice):
immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our Services;
immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any of Your Content;
issuing of a warning to you;
taking of legal action against you including proceedings for reimbursement of all costs (including,
                                but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach;
disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is
                                necessary, or otherwise may be obligated to disclose.
investigate any suspected breach of the Terms. During such investigation we may
                                temporarily withdraw your right to use our Services, pause your subscription, restrict right to use
                                Services (including, without limitation, restrict the visibility of Your Content on our Platform), or
                                remove Your Content without notice to you.
The measures described herein are not exhaustive and we may take any other action we reasonably deem
                            appropriate.
COPYRIGHT ISSUES
Royal Road respects the copyrights of its users and any other person. If you
                        believe that your copyrights are abused on the Services, please send us a written notification
                        in accordance with the provisions specified at:
https://www.royalroad.com/dmca
. Royal Road will act in accordance
                        with
Royal
                            Road’s DMCA Notice
with regard to any content that
                        is alleged to infringe the copyright of any third party.
Royal Road may report any content and share user identifiable information, if
                        Royal Road believes, in its sole discretion, that such content is illegal or abusive or may
                        violate any third party rights.
REPORTING INAPPROPRIATE AND OBJECTIONABLE CONTENT
If you find that specific content posted to the Services by another user, including a comment, is abusive,
                    contains inappropriate or objectionable content or is otherwise in violation of these Terms, we strongly encourage
                    you to immediately report such content to us [via our
built-in reporting features
or] by
                    sending a support ticket https://www.royalroad.com/support. In your email, please state the reasons for your
                    concern and provide a link to the content in question.
Upon receiving such a report of a possible violation, we investigate the matter within a
                    reasonable time following such report and take such action as we determine to be appropriate, including
                    if we so determine, removing the inappropriate content and terminating access to the services for any the user
                    who posted the objectionable content.
SERVICE FEES
Royal Road offers parts of its Services free of charge.
Royal Road also offers fee-based plans for readers and authors. You may use them subject
                        to purchasing one of the Service’s plans, as listed here:
https://www.royalroad.com/premium/subscription
.
                        From time to time, we may change the Services fees, upon reasonable prior notice that we will post on
                        the Services or send you by email.
You may pay the fees by using the methods of payments as available, published and updated
                        from time to time on the Services. We currently use PayPal as a third-party payment provider to process
                        payments. PayPal is a third-party service provided by PayPal Holdings, Inc. and is subject to
                        the PayPal User Agreement. If you are located in Israel, the relevant PayPal User Agreement can be
                        found
here
; if
                        you are located in the UK, the relevant PayPal User Agreement can be found
here
; if you are
                        located in the USA, the relevant PayPal User Agreement can be found
here
, and if you
                        are located elsewhere in the world the relevant PayPal User Agreement for such country or region will
                        apply to your relationship with PayPal. If you use the App, you may also pay the fees via such payment
                        method as stated in the App from time to time (for example the Google Play Store payment processor), in
                        which case the fees may be converted into the currency used in your country. Fees will be regarded as
                        paid only after your payment has been confirmed. The relevant features of the Services will be available
                        to you promptly after you have paid the Service fees. You acknowledge that fees are not refundable.
Payments will be required to include applicable taxes.
Royal Road will use its reasonable commercial efforts to have a transaction processed accurately and
                        expeditiously and reimburse you for any excess payment mistakenly charged. However,
                        Royal Road will not be liable for mistakes, errors, malfunctions and miscalculations made by you, the payment
                        service providers, or other third parties.
Upon failure to make any payment or other material breach of these Terms, Royal Road may remove,
                        disable or terminate the “Premium” feature of your Account. You waive any and all claims against Royal Road and
                        anyone on Royal Road’s behalf in connection therewith.
Support of Authors
. Readers that are Account holders may support authors with regular or ad-hoc contributions. All such contributions will be processed securely through our payment provider, BlueSnap. When you make a contribution, you'll be directed to a secure checkout page where you can enter your payment details. BlueSnap handles all aspects of the payment process, ensuring your transaction is safe and efficient. By using our Platform, you agree that BlueSnap will act as the payment collection agent for processing these contributions and that you will be subject to BlueSnap’s own terms and conditions and privacy policy with respect to the payment and the provision of personal data thereof.
Author Payouts
. For authors to receive payments from readers contributions, they must register with Tipalti, our third-party payment provider. Authors are responsible for setting up and managing their own account with Tipalti, and all payouts will be processed according to Tipalti’s terms and conditions. Tipalti may require additional verification, documentation, or compliance with their specific requirements.
Due to regulatory requirements, payouts are not available to authors in certain countries, territories, or regions subject to comprehensive sanctions by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC). For a current list of restricted countries, please visit:
https://tipalti.com/resources/learn/what-is-ofac/
Payouts are processed on a monthly basis, subject to meeting minimum threshold requirements set by Tipalti . Authors will only receive payments when their earned balance exceeds this minimum threshold.
Royal Road is not responsible for the relationship between authors and Tipalti, which is governed by Tipalti’s own terms of service and privacy policy.
Canceling your subscription
. You may cancel your Premium Subscription at any time:
For Premium Subscriptions made via the Platform (PayPal or BlueSnap), you can cancel through your Account settings at:
https://www.royalroad.com/account/premium
or by contacting our customer support at
https://www.royalroad.com/support
.
For subscriptions made through the App:
If you subscribed via Google Play Store or Apple App Store, go to the Premium Tab in the App and click on the "Go to Google Play"/"Go to settings" button. Search for the Royal Road subscription and follow the cancellation steps provided by your app store.
THIRD PARTIES' LINKS, WEBSITES, AND SERVICES
The Platform may contain links to third party websites, advertisers, services, special offers, or other
                    events or activities that are not owned or controlled by us. It is important for you to note that we are not
                    affiliated with those websites, that we have no control over those websites, and that we assume no responsibility for the content,
                    privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites. In addition, we will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any
                    third-party site.
If you access any third party's website, service, or content from our Services, you do so at your own risk.
                    YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH THE THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR THIRD-PARTY ACCOUNTS IS
                    GOVERNED SOLELY BY YOUR AGREEMENT(S) WITH SUCH THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS. Accordingly, we encourage you
                    to be aware when you have left the Services and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each
                    other website that you visit.
DISCLAIMER
Each of the subsections below only applies up to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law. Some
                    jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties or the limitation of liability in contracts,
                    and as a result the contents of this section may not apply to you in full or at all, in certain circumstances.
                    Nothing in this section is intended to limit any rights you may have which may not be lawfully limited.
No warranty
. Your use of our Services and any content is solely at your own risk and
                    discretion. They are provided to you "as is" and "as available". Royal Road specifically disclaims any
                    implied warranty of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, availability,
                    security, title or non-infringement, and any warranties implied including as a result of any course of dealing or performance.
Responsibility for Content
. All content, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted,
                    is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such content. We may not monitor or control the
                    content posted via the Services and we cannot take responsibility for such content. We do not endorse,
                    support, represent or guarantee the completeness, truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any content or
                    communications posted via the Services or endorse any opinions expressed via the Services. You understand
                    that by using the Services, you may be exposed to content that might be offensive, harmful, inaccurate or
                    otherwise inappropriate, or in some cases, postings that have been mislabeled or are otherwise deceptive.
                    Any material you download, view, or otherwise access through the Services is at your own risk. You will be
                    solely responsible for any damage or loss of data that results from the download of any such material.
Release
. When you use the Services, you release Royal Road from claims, damages, and demands
                    of every kind — known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed — arising
                    out of or in any way related to (a) disputes between users, or between users and any third party relating to
                    the use of the Services and (b) the Services.
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN OUR PRIVACY POLICY WE, OUR AFFILIATES AND OUR AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS,
                    DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, LICENSORS, ASSIGNS, AGENTS AND REPRESENTATIVES DO NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR
                    CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE SECURITY OF ANY INFORMATION YOU MAY PROVIDE OR
                    ACTIVITIES YOU ENGAGE IN DURING THE COURSE OF YOUR USE OF THE PLATFORM OR SERVICES.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
ROYAL ROAD WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR
                        CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGE, COSTS, EXPENSES AND PAYMENTS OR FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT OR LOSS OF DATA,
                        EITHER IN TORT (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT (INCLUDING AS A RESULT OF ANY PRE-CONTRACTUAL
                        STATEMENTS), STRICT LIABILITY, STATUTORY LIABILITY OR IN ANY OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION, ARISING
                        FROM, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR THE SERVICES, WHETHER OR NOT ROYAL ROAD HAS BEEN
                        ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, LOSS, COSTS, EXPENSES OR PAYMENTS.
ROYAL ROAD’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS OR CAUSES OF ACTION
                        ARISING UNDER THESE TERMS OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES, WHETHER ARISING OUT OF BREACH OF
                        CONTRACT (INCLUDING AS A RESULT OF PRE-CONTRACTUAL STATEMENTS), TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY,
                        STATUTORY LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION, SHALL NOT EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT ACTUALLY
                        RECEIVED BY ROYAL ROAD FROM YOU IN RESPECT OF THE SERVICES, DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS BEFORE THE OCCURRENCE OF THE
                        EVENTS GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING ELSE IN THESE TERMS, ROYAL ROAD WILL NOT EXCLUDE OR
                        LIMIT ITS LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM ITS NEGLIGENCE; FRAUD OR
                        FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION; OR ANY OTHER LIABILITY WHICH MAY NOT BE LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE
                        LAW.
INDEMNITY
You will indemnify, defend and hold harmless, Royal Road and Royal Road’s employees, directors,
                    shareholders, advisors or anyone acting on Royal Road’s behalf with respect of any claim, demand,
                    damage, loss, loss of profit, payment or expense, including reasonable attorney fees Royal Road or such persons may incur in
                    connection with an alleged or actual breach of these Terms or an alleged or actual unlawful or tortuous
                    action or inaction with respect to the Services by you or by anyone on your behalf.
This defense, hold harmless and indemnification obligation will survive any termination of these Terms and
                    your use of the Services.
TERMINATION OR SUSPENSION OF YOUR ACCOUNT
You may terminate your use of our Services at any time by deleting your Account. We reserve the right to
                    terminate or suspend your Account or your access to the Services, as set forth hereinabove.
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
These Terms shall be governed and construed by the laws of Israel, without respect to its conflict of laws
                    principles. You agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in Tel
                    Aviv-Jaffa, Israel, and waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such
                    courts.
SOME JURISDICTIONS MAY NOT ALLOW OR LIMIT SOME OF THE PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS, SO THAT SUCH PROVISIONS MAY
                    NOT APPLY TO YOU.
SURVIVAL
To the extent permitted by applicable law, all sections of these Terms which by their nature should survive
                    termination will survive the termination of these Terms, including, without limitation Sections ‎3.2
                    (
Our Rights in the Services
), ‎4 (
Your Content)
, ‎10 (
Disclaimer
),
                    ‎11 (
Limitation of Liability
), ‎12 (
Indemnity
),‎14 (
Governing Law and
                        Jurisdiction
), ‎16 (
General
).
GENERAL
These Terms along with the
Privacy Policy
and the
DMCA Notice
constitute the entire agreement between you and
                    Royal Road with respect to the access and use of the Services and supersede any and all agreements,
                    negotiations and understandings, whether written or oral, about the Services, except that if you have
                    separately entered with Royal Road into an online or written agreement or subscription form that
                    incorporates by reference these Terms, any terms of such agreement or subscription form that add to,
                    conflict with or change these Terms shall prevail.
If any provision of these Terms is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of
                    such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms, which shall remain
                    in full force and effect. No waiver, concession, extension, representation, alteration, addition or
                    derogation from these Terms will be effective unless affected in writing and signed by the party whose
                    waiver is made.
You may not assign your rights and obligations under these Terms without Royal Road’s prior written
                    consent and any assignment without such prior written consent will be void. Royal Road may freely assign its
                    rights and obligations herein. Subject to any provisions herein with regard to assignment, all covenants and
                    agreements herein shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective heirs, executors, administrators,
                    successors and assigns of the parties hereto.
About
Royal Road® is the home of web novels and fan fictions! In our amazing community, you can find various talented individuals who write as a hobby or even professionally, artists who create art for them, and many, many readers who provide valuable feedback and encouragement.
Amazon Affiliate
Royal Road® as an Amazon Associate earns from qualifying purchases.
Theme Select
Dark
Light
Follow Us On
Need some help?
Create a support ticket
Contact
Contact Us by Email
Advertising
Ads for Authors
Programmatic Advertising
Royal Road® © 2026
Terms of Service
|
Privacy Policy
|
Cookie Policy
|
DMCA
|
Blog
|
Status
Tap again to scroll to the top!