Terms and Conditions | SanMar
Customer Service
Toll-Free: (800) 426-6399
Email:
sales@sanmar.com
Hours:5 a.m. to 5 p.m. PT
Monday-Friday
Other Contact Options
Customer Service
Toll-Free:
(800) 426-6399
Order or return requests:
orders@sanmar.com
All other inquires:
sales@sanmar.com
Hours:
5 a.m. to 5 p.m. PT
Monday-Friday
Other Contact Options
Account Information
View and Pay Invoices
Toggle navigation
menu
Contact
New Web User
New Customer Sign Up
Username
Enter your username
Password
Enter your password
Stay Logged In
Forgot Password?
Log In
Log In
Search
Request new Password
Enter your web username, and we will send you a confirmation email immediately
Username
Request New Password
Forgot your username?
Please call (800) 426-6399 for assistance.
Home
Terms and Conditions
You must adhere to the terms and conditions for any use of the SanMar Site ("Site" as defined below). These terms and conditions are a legal agreement between you and the company or business you work for, and SanMar Corporation ("SanMar") stating the terms that govern all orders from SanMar and your use of this Site (the "Agreement"). Please read the entire Agreement carefully.
Orders:
Sections
16
,
17
,
18
, and
19
below, apply to all orders (whether placed by phone, through this Site, or by some other method). You agree that, by placing an order with SanMar, you expressly accept the terms and conditions listed in sections 16, 17, 18, and 19.
Use of the Site:
Sections
1
through
15
apply specifically to any use of the Site. You agree that your use of the Site or any services available on or through the Site constitutes acceptance of the terms and conditions herein. If you work for or represent a business, you represent and agree that you are authorized by that business to enter into this Agreement on behalf of that business. SanMar is relying on the fact that you are authorized to enter into this Agreement on behalf of that business. If at any time you do not agree to be bound by this Agreement, you must immediately stop using the Site.
SanMar may from time to time amend, supplement or modify the terms of this Agreement. You must check this Agreement (available
here
) periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of any amendment, supplement or modification means that you accept and agree to it/them.
The Site
Your Use of the Site
User Submissions
Use by Children
Links
Image Library
Custom Websites
Design Center
Software License
Intellectual Property
Disclaimers and Limitations
Indemnification
Termination
Applicable Law and Dispute Resolution
Miscellaneous
Brand & Private Label Brand Sales Policies
Ordering Terms & Conditions
General Terms & Conditions of Sale
Online Marketplaces
1. The Site
. The Site includes everything posted on or provided through pages posted at
http://www.sanmar.com
or any other websites owned or controlled by SanMar including, but not limited to the following general categories:
Content:
Content encompasses everything you see, hear, or otherwise receive from, on or through the Site, including but not limited to all software, marketing tools, images, graphics, photographs, works, copyright-protectible subject matter, trademarks, service marks, trade dress logos, trade names, text, documents and sounds, and all services provided through the Site.
Marketing Tools:
Online marketing tools and services provided by SanMar on or through the Site include, but are not limited to Custom Catalog, Design Center, Flyer Wizard, Catalog Wizard, Custom Website Builder, Image Library including video library, price list, display tools, sample program, gift box and survey/referral tool.
Software:
This includes the SanMar Omnis Web Client (see software license terms, in
Section 9
, below), all documentation distributed with it, and any upgrades, updates or enhancements to it.
Return to Top
2. Use of the Site
. You may access, use or download Content for your business only as specifically permitted on the Site, or for your personal, noncommercial purposes. SanMar grants you a limited, revocable, nonexclusive right to use the Marketing Tools as specifically permitted on the Site, for the purposes expressed on the Site. No other use of Content or Marketing Tools is allowed. These limited rights are granted to you as long as you:
Agree that, once you receive a SanMar "customer number" you and/or authorized employees and agents will use your customer number to access the Site for your internal business purposes, and you will not allow anyone other than your authorized employees or agents to use your customer number to access the Site for these purposes.
Make only lawful use of the Site and the content.
Violate no rights or licenses of any third party.
Keep unchanged all copyright and other notices.
Protect the Content from unauthorized use, modification, reproduction, distribution or publication.
Do not portray SanMar, its affiliates or licensors, or their products or services, in a false, misleading, derogatory, or offensive way.
Abide by all applicable local, state, federal, national and international laws, rules and regulations.
Send e-mails only to recipients with whom you have a prior business relationship.
Send no e-mails to recipients who have asked that you stop sending them e-mails.
Do not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead anyone as to the origin of your services or of any Content.
Do not copy, change, distribute, translate, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, loan, lease or sublicense software obtained from the Site or any copy thereof. (See Software License for additional Terms regarding the Omnis Web Client Software.)
Do not directly or indirectly access, use or download Content for the purpose of competing with SanMar (e.g., scraping product data or user information).
You may not upload post, transmit, distribute or otherwise publish on or to the Site any of the following:
Software virus or other harmful component.
Advertising or commercial material of any kind, except as expressly authorized in advance by SanMar.
False, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise unlawful material.
You may not interfere with the Site or any other user's use of the Site by, for example, overloading, flooding, mail-bombing or crashing the Site, sending spam of any kind through the site, or inserting any code or product or manipulating the Content in any way that affects any third party's experience of the Site.
Return to Top
SanMar may, at its sole discretion, terminate your access to the Site if it believes that you have directly or indirectly violated all or portions of your obligations under this
Section 2
.
Return to Top
SanMar does not warrant or represent that you or other customers are permitted to use any third party marks. Any use of third party marks must comply with any restrictions imposed by the mark owner, and is done at the customer's own risk. SanMar is not responsible for the conduct of any person using the Site.
Return to Top
3. Submissions
. You will provide accurate, current, and complete information as may be required in the course of using the Site. You further agree to maintain and update your information to ensure it is at all times accurate, current, and complete. SanMar may terminate your use of portions or the entire Site if any information you provide is false, misleading, inaccurate or incomplete, as determined by SanMar in its sole discretion. You agree that SanMar may store and use any information you provide on an unrestricted basis for purposes of lawfully conducting its business, including but not limited to, keeping you up to date on product offerings. SanMar's use of your information is governed by our Privacy Policy, available at
http://www.sanmar.com/AboutUs/privacy/
Return to Top
4. Use by Children
. The Site is intended only for those ages 18 and older. If you are under 18, you may not register or submit personally identifiable information on, to or through the Site. SanMar does not collect personally identifiable information from any person SanMar knows to be under 18.
Return to Top
5. Links
. Links from the Site to third party sites are provided only as a convenience. You use outside links at your own risk. These links do not constitute SanMar's endorsement of any third party, its site, or its goods or services. SanMar shall not be responsible for and hereby disclaims liability for any injury or damages you may experience by using third party materials. You may not create links to the Site that portray SanMar in a false or misleading light. You may not use "framing" or similar techniques to enclose any portion of the Site. Except as intentionally enabled by the Marketing Tools, you may not link to any pages other than the SanMar home page.
Return to Top
6. Image Library
. All images, photographs, pictures, designs and illustrations appearing in the SanMar Image Library ("Images") are protected by copyright law and other applicable laws and regulations. Images in the SanMar Image Library are intended for use by SanMar customers only. By accessing the SanMar Image Library, you represent and warrant that you are a customer of SanMar and will at all times comply with all applicable laws, regulations, this Agreement and any other terms and conditions of use.
You may not use Images in the Image Library for any purpose unrelated to your business with SanMar. Images are updated from time to time. You may only use Images currently appearing in the Image Library and it is your responsibility to ensure that, at all times, you use current Images. Any Images not currently found in Image Library may not be used for any purpose. Use of model or other images that would be potentially unflattering, defamatory, libelous, or otherwise unlawful is strictly prohibited.
The SanMar Image Library uses the Widen Collective® digital asset management tool. When accessing the SanMar Image Library, you agree to share your email address with Widen®. Widen® will not sell, rent, load, trade or lease your personal information.
Return to Top
7. Custom Websites
. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THIS SECTION 7, SANMAR WILL NOT ALLOW YOU TO SET UP OR MAINTAIN A CUSTOM SITE.
SanMar and SanMar.com's "Custom Website Builder" offers website design services and the hosting of custom websites to its subscribers. Custom websites (or "website") must comply with these terms and conditions and all applicable local, state, national and international laws, rules and regulations. Copying, distributing, transmitting, displaying, modifying, selling, or participating in the sale of, or otherwise exploiting or using any part of the Site in any form or by any means other than what is expressly permitted herein is prohibited. If we determine that any content on your website is prohibited, we may remove it or delete the custom website. SanMar reserves the right to make judgments about whether or not content is appropriate in its sole discretion. PURCHASES OF ANY CUSTOM WEBSITES ARE NON-REFUNDABLE.
SanMar does not control and is not responsible for the content, quality or accuracy of any information, user generated content, third-party material or links contained on any custom website. You agree not modify, change or interfere with any of the software contained within or related to any Site or to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with any features, including security-related features, of this Site or the services found at this Site.
By using the Site, including the Custom Website Builder, you represent and warrant that you have the right to all copyrights, trademarks, and other protected materials appearing anywhere on your website. Your website may not use another company's logo, trademark or other copyrighted material, including but not limited to visual representations, icons, graphics, service marks, altered marks, domain names, obvious name variations, phonetic equivalents, foreign language equivalents, takeoffs, and abbreviations without the written permission of the owner. You are expected to conduct proper research to ensure that the items posted to your custom website are in compliance with all local, state, national, and international laws.
You may download and display SanMar trademarks and images for your custom website, as long as they are used properly in accordance with this Agreement and are not used in a misleading or misrepresentative way. SanMar may revoke permission for any usage in its sole discretion. SanMar logos displayed on your custom website or other site must comply with SanMar graphic standards. Your custom website must not lead or mislead users to believe you are SanMar. You may not use any SanMar trademark, name or brand as part of your company name, corporate name, trade name or domain name per
Section 10
below. Your custom website must provide your contact information, including your true name or registered trade name, and a street address or PO Box. You may use the term "Port Authority" only in reference to PORT AUTHORITY brand products or to SanMar. Misleading statements (such as misleading uses of "we" or "us") are not allowed. You may use information about SanMar awards, accomplishments, memberships, announcements, etc., only with SanMar's prior written approval in each instance as to placement and context.
To enable your Custom Website to accept payment through a third party service such as PayPal, you must establish an account with that third party service. SanMar is not affiliated with PayPal or any other third party service, and is not a party to any agreement between you and any such third party regarding your use of that service. SanMar shall have no responsibility concerning the operation of any payment service you employ, and will not have access to the payment data transmitted therefor. You must also understand that with any site there is a high potential for user error. Please remember, if you receive a payment or inquiry that is incorrect due to your own or a visitor to your Custom Website's error, it is your responsibility to refuse payment and/or instruct your customer of the error. SanMar will not be responsible for any transaction errors. Software appearing in or on the Site and Custom Website tool is offered as a courtesy only and its use is at your own risk. SanMar will not be responsible for any real, potential or perceived loss of business due to the website being unavailable for any reason including programming errors, maintenance, or any other unforeseen incidents. All use of the Custom Website Builder and Custom Websites is at your own risk.
Services provided by SanMar, Sanmar.com and the Custom Website Builder may change from time to time. SanMar reserves the right to change any and all services provided and to make changes to its systems, including but not limited to changes to system hardware, software and access and use procedures without notice.
Return to Top
8. Design Center
. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THIS SECTION 8, SANMAR WILL NOT ALLOW YOU TO USE THE DESIGN CENTER.
All uses of the Design Center must comply with all applicable local, state, national and international laws, rules and regulations. Software, templates and features appearing in or on the Design Center are offered as a courtesy only and are used at your own risk. SanMar will not be responsible for any real, potential or perceived loss of business due to the Design Center or Site being unavailable for any reason including programming errors, maintenance, or any other unforeseen incidents. If we determine that you have used the Design Center in a way that is prohibited, we may restrict or discontinue your access and use of the Design Center. SanMar reserves the right to make judgments about whether or not uses are appropriate in its sole discretion.
Copying, distributing, transmitting, displaying, modifying, selling, or participating in the sale of, or otherwise exploiting or using any part of the Design Center in any form or by any means other than what is expressly permitted here is prohibited. You agree not modify, change or interfere with any of the software contained within or related to the Design Center or to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with any features, including security-related features, of this Site or the services found at this Site.
By using the Design Center, you represent and warrant that you have the right to all copyrights, trademarks, and other protected materials appearing anywhere on materials that you create. You may not alter or obscure any copyrighted material, trademark, logo or other intellectual property belong to any Branded or Private Label products appearing on the Site. You may not use another company's logo, trademark or other copyrighted material, including but not limited to visual representations, icons, graphics, service marks, altered marks, obvious name variations, phonetic equivalents, foreign language equivalents, takeoffs, and abbreviations without their permission. You are expected to conduct proper research to ensure that the items posted to your custom website are in compliance with all local, state, national, and international laws.
Services provided by SanMar, Sanmar.com and the Design Center may change from time to time. SanMar reserves the right to change any and all services provided and to make changes to its systems, including but not limited to changes to system hardware, software and access and use procedures without notice.
Return to Top
9. Software License
. Your downloading or use of any software on or through the Site is expressly conditioned on your continued compliance with this Agreement. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OR ALL OF THE TERMS IN THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MAY NOT INSTALL OR USE THE SOFTWARE. SanMar grants to you, and you accept, a limited, non-exclusive, nontransferable, revocable license to use the Software in machine readable, object code form only, on one personal computer, for the sole purpose of furthering the sale of SanMar products and services through you and your business. You may terminate this license by removing the Software from your computer and destroying all copies of it. This license will automatically terminate if you breach any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement. You agree to remove and destroy the Software from your computer upon termination.
Return to Top
10. Intellectual Property
. Unless otherwise noted, SanMar owns or has licensed all Content, and any copyright, trademark, trade dress or other intellectual property which is protected under U.S. and international laws and treaties. The Site contains various protected trademarks, service marks, trade names and trade dress owned by SanMar. Other trademarks used on the Site are the property of their respective owners. You may not use any SanMar or other trademarks as part of your company name, corporate name, trade name or domain name.
Return to Top
11. Disclaimers and Liability Limitations
. YOU USE THE SITE (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE DESIGN CENTER, ANY CUSTOM WEBSITES, CONTENT, MARKETING TOOLS AND SOFTWARE) (COLLECTIVELY, THE "SANMAR PROPERTIES") SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. SANMAR PROVIDES THE SANMAR PROPERTIES ON AN "AS-IS, WHERE-IS" BASIS, AND DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, QUIET ENJOYMENT, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE TITLE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT AND ANY IMPLIED INDEMNITIES. IN NO EVENT WILL SANMAR OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE UNDER ANY THEORY FOR ANY DAMAGES RELATED TO YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SANMAR PROPERTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, COMPENSATORY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS OR LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO PROPERTY, EVEN IF SANMAR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. If you are dissatisfied with the Site or any of the terms in this Agreement, your sole and exclusive remedy is to stop using the Site. Some states do not allow certain limitations on implied warranties or certain damages, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. You understand and agree that SanMar would not make the Site available "but for" your agreement to these disclaimers and liability limitations, and that SanMar is at all times relying on your agreement to these disclaimers and liability limitations when it provides you with access to and use of the Site.
Return to Top
12. Indemnification
. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless SanMar and its affiliates, officers, directors, owners, agents, employees, contractors, licensees and licensors from and against any and all actual or threatened claims, damages, costs and expenses, including all costs, expenses and reasonable attorneys' fees (including without limitation, fees and costs incurred in a bankruptcy proceeding, whether or not a lawsuit is filed), arising from or related to your use of the Site, Marketing Tools or Software, and for your violation of any of the terms or conditions contained in this Agreement.
Return to Top
13. Termination.
Your failure to comply with any of the covenants, terms or conditions in this Agreement automatically revokes your authorization, right and license to use the Site, Marketing Tools and Software, and terminates any and all rights granted to you hereunder. Various parts of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect upon termination of your rights, according to their nature, including restrictions, disclaimers, liability limitations and indemnification obligations. Upon termination, you must promptly destroy all Content and Software downloaded or obtained from this Site, as well as all copies of any Content or Software. SanMar may change, suspend or discontinue or restrict any Site feature at any time without prior notice.
Return to Top
14. Applicable Law and Dispute Resolution.
This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Washington, without giving effect to principles and provisions thereof relating to conflict or choice of laws irrespective of the fact that any one of the parties is now or may become a resident of a different state. Venue for any action under this Agreement shall lie only in King County, Washington. The parties hereby consent to personal jurisdiction over them by the courts within King County, Washington. The parties waive all objection and challenge to such venue and personal jurisdiction. In the event of a dispute hereunder, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its costs and expenses incurred, including reasonable attorneys' fees.
Return to Top
15. Miscellaneous.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and SanMar regarding access to and use of the Site and governs your use of any Software, Content or Marketing Tools, superseding and entirely replacing prior agreements (if any) between you and SanMar therefor. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate services, third-party content, or third-party software. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intentions of the parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect. SanMar's failure to enforce any right or provisions in this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such provision, or any other provision of this Agreement. SanMar will not be responsible for failures to fulfill any obligations due to causes beyond its control. SanMar obtains permission from other manufacturers and content owners to make their brands, logos, products and other content available to you through the Site. You agree that these owners that license their rights and content to SanMar for the Site are intended third-party beneficiaries under this Agreement with the right to enforce the provisions of this Agreement that directly concern their content. In the event it should be determined that any provision of this Agreement is uncertain or ambiguous, the language in all parts of this Agreement shall be in all cases construed as a whole according to its fair meaning and not strictly construed for nor against either party.
YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD AND APPROVED OF THIS AGREEMENT; YOU HAVE HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT WITH LEGAL COUNSEL AND WITH SUCH OTHER EXPERTS OR ADVISORS AS YOU HAVE DEEMED NECESSARY IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT. THE FACT THAT SANMAR MAY HAVE DRAFTED ALL OR PORTIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL HAVE NO BEARING UPON ITS INTERPRETATION OR CONSTRUCTION.
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE PROVISIONS CONTAINED HEREIN REPRESENT AN AGREED ALLOCATION OF RISK WHICH IS REFLECTED IN THE OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER SUCH AS THE DISCLAIMER OF ALL WARRANTIES AND THE LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY. SANMAR COULD NOT PROVIDE THE SANMAR PROPERTIES, OR ITS PRODUCTS OR SERVICES TO YOU AT THE CURRENT PRICING "BUT FOR" YOUR AGREEMENT TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
Return to Top
SanMar Terms and Conditions on All Orders
16. Branded & Private Label Sales Policies.
SanMar Corporation requires that all authorized customers ("you" or "authorized customer") strictly adhere to its sales policies for all
•	Nike, OGIO®, The North Face®, Carhartt®, Champion®, Cotopaxi®, TravisMathew, New Era®, Eddie Bauer®, Red Kap®, Spacecraft®, Tommy Bahama®, Brooks Brothers®, Bulwark®, Alternative Apparel, Wink™, Russell Outdoors™, Outdoor Research®, Tentree®, Richardson®, and STANLEY/STELLA apparel and accessories (hereinafter referred to as "Branded"), and
Port Authority®, Port & Company®, Sport-Tek®, CornerStone® , District®, Volunteer Knitwear™, Mercer+Mettle™, Red House®, and Allmade® apparel and accessories (hereinafter referred to as "Private Label").
The current policy for Branded and Private Label products is as follows:
1.
SanMar will sell Branded and Private Label products only to authorized customers who, in the sole discretion and judgment of SanMar:
(a) do not advertise, promote, distribute, sell or market in any way that disparages, misrepresents or injures Branded or Private Label products or the owners of such Branded or Private Label brands;
(b) do not imply endorsement or sponsorship of, or affiliation or collaboration with, Branded or Private Label products without the express prior written consent of the owners of such Branded or Private Label brands;
and
(c) do not distribute or sell products employing any illegal, deceptive, undesirable, or improper advertising, marketing or selling practice, including predatory or "loss leader" pricing, bait and switch, or negative selling practices.
2.
You may not advertise or promote the products or cause the products to be advertised or promoted at prices discounted more than 10% for Branded products (other than OGIO®) or 20% for Private Label, below (i) the prices coded on an "A" or (ii) double the case prices on SanMar's published wholesale price list. Advertised OGIO® gear bags cannot be discounted further than the price coded on an "R" (40% margin). The North Face® products, TravisMathew products, Cotopaxi® products, Spacecraft® products, Wink™ products, Outdoor Research® products, and Tentree® products cannot be advertised more than 10% below the coded book price, which is displayed on
www.sanmar.com
when not logged into the site. Carhartt® and TommyBahama® products cannot be advertised below the coded book price, which is displayed on
www.sanmar.com
when not logged into the site. Richardson apparel products may not be advertised at prices discounted more than 10% off the coded book price (price code A). Richardson headwear products may not be advertised at prices discounted more than 25% off the coded book price (price code A), except for styles 112, 112FP, 112FPC, 112FPR and 115, for which the MAP is a fixed advertised price. The MAP for these 5 Richardson headwear styles can be found on the price list.
3.
SanMar may advertise all or select Branded and Private Label products at discounted/promotional prices. If so, you may not promote or advertise products at prices discounted more than 10% for Branded (other than OGIO®) or 20% for Private Label from the discounted/promotional prices advertised by SanMar, when coded on an "A". Advertised OGIO® products cannot be discounted further than the price coded on an "R" (40% margin). The North Face® products, TravisMathew products, Cotopaxi® products, Spacecraft® products, Wink™ products, Outdoor Research® products, Tentree® products cannot be advertised more than 10% below the coded book price, which is displayed on
www.sanmar.com
when not logged into the site, regardless of whether SanMar offers discounted/promotional prices for The North Face® products, TravisMathew products, Cotopaxi® products, Spacecraft® products, Wink™ products Outdoor Research® products, and/or Tentree® products. Carhartt® and TommyBahama® products cannot be advertised below the coded book price, which is displayed on
www.sanmar.com
when not logged into the site, regardless of whether SanMar offers discounted/promotional prices for Carhartt® and TommyBahama® products.
4
. You may sell Nike, OGIO®, The North Face®, Champion®, Carhartt®, Cotopaxi®, TravisMathew, Tommy Bahama®, Brooks Brothers®, New Era®, Eddie Bauer®, Outdoor Research®, Tentree®, and STANLEY/STELLA products only with embellishment.  Generic, obscure and/or temporary decoration, in order to resell these products, is prohibited. Online sales of Nike, OGIO®, The North Face®, Carhartt®, Champion®, Cotopaxi®, TravisMathew, Spacecraft®, Tommy Bahama®, Brooks Brothers®, New Era®, Eddie Bauer®, Wink™, Outdoor Research®, Tentree®, and STANLEY/STELLA products may be made only from your own website or another eligible, authorized customer website. Sales on or through eBay, Amazon, Craigslist, Etsy or any other direct-to-consumer, third party site are prohibited.
5.
Nike prohibits placing logos, emblems, or designs on Nike products that negatively impact the Nike brand including, without limitation, logos, emblems, and designs that are obscene, vulgar, advocate or display violence or illegal activity, and/or relate to sex (including gentlemen’s clubs) and pornography industries. Also, Nike is a socially and politically aware brand and reserves the right to prohibit logos, emblems, and designs that, in its sole and absolute discretion, run counter to, or are inconsistent with, its brand identity. The decoration of any Nike garment with the proprietary mark, name or logo of any professional athletic organization, collegiate institution, or high school without the prior written authorization of both the owner of such mark, name or logo and Nike is expressly prohibited. The exportation of Nike product outside of the U.S. is prohibited (including to Puerto Rico, Guam and the Virgin Islands). Please contact your representative with any questions.
6.
The North Face® prohibits placing logos, emblems, or designs on The North Face® products that negatively impact The North Face® brand including, without limitation, logos, emblems, and designs that are obscene, vulgar, advocate or display violence or illegal activity, and/or relate to the firearms and ammunition, tobacco, sex (including gentlemen’s clubs) and pornography industries. Also, The North Face® is an environmentally-conscious and socially and politically aware brand and reserves the right to prohibit logos, emblems, and designs that, in its sole and absolute discretion, run counter to, or are inconsistent with, its brand identity. The decoration of any The North Face® garment with the proprietary mark, name or logo of any company or organization without the appropriate license and/or authorization of the company or organization is expressly prohibited. Please contact your The North Face® sales representative with questions. The exportation of The North Face® product outside of the U.S. (and its territories) is prohibited.
7.
Carhartt® prohibits placing logos, emblems, or designs on Carhartt® products that negatively impact the Carhartt® brand including, without limitation, logos, emblems, and designs that are obscene, vulgar, advocate or display violence or illegal activity, graphic representations of smoking, political party/candidate association and/or relate to sex (including gentlemen’s clubs) and pornography industries. Carhartt® is an environmentally-conscious and socially and politically aware brand and reserves the right to prohibit logos, emblems, and designs that, in its sole and absolute discretion, run counter to, or are inconsistent with, its brand identity. The decoration of any Carhartt® garment with the proprietary mark, name or logo of any company or organization without the appropriate license and/or authorization of the company or organization is expressly prohibited.  Blank sales of Carhartt® are only permitted for uniforming purposes with written approval from SanMar’s Sales Compliance Team.  Prohibited end uses include traditional retail and non-redemption and non-reward, gratis giveaways which are promotional in nature. Please contact your Carhartt® sales representative with questions. The exportation of Carhartt® product outside of the U.S. (and its territories) and Canada is prohibited.
8.
Eddie Bauer prohibits placing logos, emblems, or designs on Eddie Bauer products that tarnish or negatively impact the Eddie Bauer brand including, without limitation, logos, emblems, and designs that are obscene, vulgar, advocate or display violence, animal abuse or illegal activity, denigrate or discriminate against individuals based on race, national origin, gender, religion, disability, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender identity or age, and/or relates to the tobacco, illicit substances, narcotics, weapons, sex (including prostitution and gentlemen’s clubs) and/or pornography industries. Eddie Bauer is a socially and politically aware brand and reserves the right to prohibit logos, emblems, and designs that, in its sole discretion, run counter to, or are inconsistent with, its brand identity. The decoration of any Eddie Bauer garment with the proprietary mark, name or logo of any third party, professional athletic organization or collegiate institution without the appropriate license and/or authorization of the third party, organization or institution is expressly prohibited. Please contact your sales representative with questions. All Eddie Bauer products must be decorated or embellished prior to resale and shipment to your end user. The exportation of any Eddie Bauer products outside of the United States, its territories and possessions, and Canada is prohibited.
9.
New Era® prohibits placing logos, emblems, or designs on New Era® products that negatively impact the New Era® brand including, without limitation, logos, emblems, and designs that are obscene, vulgar, and/or gang-related in nature. The decoration of any New Era® garment with the proprietary mark, name or logo of any professional athletic organization or collegiate institution without the appropriate license and/or authorization of the organization or institution is expressly prohibited. Please contact your New Era® sales representative with questions. The exportation of New Era® product outside of the U.S. is prohibited.
10.
Red Kap® reserves the right to prohibit the addition to any Red Kap® product any mark, name, design or logo that does not meet the high standards of the brand, including embellishment that may disparage or otherwise negatively reflect on Red Kap®, or their brand image. No modification of the Red Kap® logo or trademarks is permitted.  The exportation of Red Kap® products outside of North America is prohibited.
11
. Bulwark® reserves the right to prohibit the addition to any Bulwark® product any mark, name, design or logo that does not meet the high standards of the brand, including embellishment that may disparage or otherwise negatively reflect on Bulwark®, or their brand image. No modification of the Bulwark® logo or trademarks is permitted.  The exportation of Bulwark® products outside of North America is prohibited.
12
. Alternative® products purchased must be sold only with embellishment. The sale of unembellished or blank Alternative product to any third parties, whether on the internet or elsewhere strictly prohibited.  The decoration of any Alternative® garment with the proprietary marks, names, or logos of any collegiate sports teams or collegiate institution is expressly prohibited. Failure to comply with this policy will result in loss of privileges for selling the Alternative brand.
13
. Champion® blank products purchased must be sold only with embellishment. The sale of unembellished or blank Champion® products to any third parties, whether on the internet or elsewhere is strictly prohibited.  The decoration of any Champion® garment with the Champion marks (including the C Logo) or the proprietary marks, names, or logos of any collegiate sports teams or collegiate institution is expressly prohibited. The sale or shipment of Champion® products outside North America is also strictly prohibited.  Champion® products shall not be embellished or decorated with content or imagery that (a) may imply or
suggest the endorsement, sponsorship, approval, collaboration, or otherwise indicate an affiliation with the Champion® brand (b) is explicit, graphically violent, derogatory of any ethnic, racial, gender, or religious group or sexual orientation, profane, pornographic, or obscene; (c) endorses any form of hate or hate group or promotes politically charged or divisive messaging; or (d) promotes the excessive or irresponsible consumption of alcohol or promote the illegal use of alcohol, drugs, tobacco, firearms/weapons (or the use of any of the foregoing). Champion reserves the right to discontinue sales to anyone found to be acting in violation of this policy or to be selling Champion® products to others who are acting in violation of this policy.
14
. To protect its reputation and identity, OGIO® reserves the right to prohibit the addition to any OGIO® product any trademark, name, design or logo that does not meet the high standards of the brand. OGIO® products may not be resold without embellishment. The exportation of OGIO® products outside of the U.S., Puerto Rico, Canada and Mexico is prohibited.
15
. Cotopaxi® prohibits placing logos, emblems, or designs on Cotopaxi® products that negatively impact the Cotopaxi® brand including, without limitation, logos, emblems, and designs that are obscene, vulgar, advocate or display violence, hate crimes, or illegal activity, and/or relate to firearms and ammunition, the tobacco and vaping industries, and political campaigns. Also, Cotopaxi® is an environmentally conscious brand and reserves the right to prohibit logos, emblems, and designs that run counter to, or are inconsistent with its brand identity. The decoration of any Cotopaxi® product with the proprietary mark, name or logo of any professional athletic organization or institution is expressly prohibited. The decoration of any Cotopaxi® product with logos, emblems, or designs related to the liquor or cannabis industries may require pre-approval. Please contact your sales representative with questions. The exportation of Cotopaxi® products outside of the U.S. and/or Canada is prohibited.
16
. TravisMathew prohibits placing logos, emblems, or designs on TravisMathew products that negatively impact the brand including, without limitation, logos, emblems, and designs that are obscene, vulgar, advocate or display violence, hate crimes, or illegal activity. The decoration of any TravisMathew product with the proprietary mark, name or logo of any professional athletic organization or collegiate institution without the appropriate license and/or authorization of the organization or institution is expressly prohibited.  Sales to and through golf course pro shops are prohibited.  The exportation of TravisMathew products outside of the U.S. is prohibited.
17
. CID prohibits placing logos, emblems, or designs on Wink™ products that negatively impact the Wink™ brand including, without limitation, logos, emblems, and designs that are obscene, vulgar, advocate or display violence or illegal activity. The decoration of any Wink™ product with the proprietary mark, name or logo of any professional athletic organization or collegiate institution without the appropriate license and/or authorization of the organization or institution is expressly prohibited. Please contact your SanMar sales representative with questions. The exportation of Wink™ products outside of the U.S. and/or Canada is prohibited.
18
. Tommy Bahama® prohibits placing logos, emblems, or designs on Tommy Bahama® products that negatively impact the Tommy Bahama® brand including, without limitation, logos, emblems, and designs that are obscene, vulgar, and/or gang-related in nature. The decoration of any Tommy Bahama® product with the proprietary mark, name or logo of any professional athletic organization or collegiate institution without the appropriate license and/or authorization of the organization or institution is expressly prohibited. Please contact your Tommy Bahama® sales representative with questions. The exportation of Tommy Bahama® products outside of the United States and Canada is prohibited.
19
. Spacecraft® prohibits placing logos, emblems, or designs on Spacecraft® products  that negatively impact the brand including, without limitations, logos, emblems, and designs that are obscene, vulgar,  advocate or display violence, hate crimes, or illegal activity. The decoration of any Spacecraft® product with the proprietary mark, name or logo of any professional athletic organization or collegiate institution without the appropriate license
and/or authorization of the organization or institution is expressly prohibited. The Exportation of Spacecraft® products outside of the U.S. (including its territories and global military installations), Canada and Mexico is prohibited.
20
. Brooks Brothers® prohibits placing logos, emblems, or designs on Brooks Brothers® products that tarnish or negatively impact the Brooks Brothers® brand including, without limitation, logos, emblems, and designs that are obscene, vulgar, advocate or display violence or illegal activity, denigrate or discriminate against individuals based on race, national origin, gender, religion, disability, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender identity or age, and/or relates to the tobacco, illicit substances, narcotics, weapons, sex (including prostitution and gentlemen’s clubs) and/or pornography industries. Brooks Brothers® is a socially and politically aware brand and reserves the right to prohibit logos, emblems, and designs that, in its sole discretion, run counter to, or are inconsistent with, its brand identity. The decoration of any Brooks Brothers® garment with the proprietary mark, name or logo of any third party, professional athletic organization or collegiate institution without the appropriate license and/or authorization of the third party, organization or institution is expressly prohibited. Please contact your sales representative with questions. All Brooks Brothers® products must be decorated or embellished prior to resale and shipment to your end user. The exportation of any Brooks Brothers® products outside of the U.S., its territories and possessions, is prohibited.
21
. Outdoor Research® prohibits placing logos, emblems, or designs on Outdoor Research® products that negatively impact the brand including, without limitations, logos, emblems, and designs that are obscene, vulgar, advocate or display violence, hate crimes, or illegal activity. The decoration of any Outdoor Research® product with the proprietary mark, name or logo of any professional athletic organization or collegiate institution without the appropriate license and/or authorization of the organization or institution is expressly prohibited. The Exportation of Outdoor Research® products outside of the U.S. and its territories, Canada, and Mexico is prohibited.
22
. Tentree® prohibits placing logos, emblems, or designs on Tentree® products that negatively impact the brand including, without limitations, logos, emblems, and designs that are obscene, vulgar, advocate or display violence or illegal activity, and/or relate to the firearms and ammunition, tobacco, sex (including gentlemen’s clubs), and pornography industries. Also, Tentree® is an environmentally-conscious and socially and politically aware brand and reserves the right to prohibit logos, emblems, and designs that, in its sole and absolute discretion, run counter to, or are inconsistent with, its brand identity. The decoration of any Tentree® product with the proprietary mark, name or logo of any professional athletic organization or collegiate institution without the appropriate license and/or authorization of the organization or institution is expressly prohibited. The Exportation of Tentree® products outside of the U.S. (including its territories and global military installations) and Mexico is prohibited.
23
. The American Red Cross prohibits placing logos, emblems, or designs on products that negatively impact its brand including, without limitation, logos, emblems, and designs that are obscene, vulgar, advocate or display violence, hate crimes, or illegal activity, and/or relate to firearms and ammunition, the gambling, alcohol, tobacco, cannabis and vaping industries, and political campaigns. Please contact your sales representative with questions. The exportation of American Red Cross products outside of the U.S. and its territories is prohibited.
24
. The American Cancer Society prohibits placing logos, emblems, or designs on products that negatively impact its brand including, without limitation, logos, emblems, and designs that are obscene, vulgar, advocate or display violence, hate crimes, or illegal activity, and/or relate to firearms and ammunition, the gambling, alcohol, tobacco, cannabis and vaping industries, and political campaigns. Please contact your sales representative with questions. The exportation of American Cancer Society products outside of the U.S. and its territories is prohibited.
25
. STANLEY/STELLA products purchased must be sold only with embellishment. The sale of unembellished or blank STANLEY/STELLA product to any third parties, whether on the internet or elsewhere strictly prohibited.  Failure to comply with this policy will result in loss of privileges for selling the STANLEY/STELLA brand. The exportation of STANLEY/STELLA product outside of the U.S. (and its territories) is prohibited.
26
. Richardson prohibits placing logos, emblems, or designs on Richardson products that negatively impact the brand including, without limitation, logos, emblems, and designs that are obscene, vulgar, advocate or display violence, hate crimes, or illegal activity. The decoration of any Richardson product with the proprietary mark, name or logo of any professional athletic organization or collegiate institution without the appropriate license and/or authorization of the organization or institution is expressly prohibited. The exportation of Richardson products outside of the U.S. (including its territories and global military installations) is prohibited.
27
. If SanMar believes, in its sole judgment, that you have failed to comply with the policy or policies stated herein, it may provide you with written notice of the same. SanMar may, upon delivery of such written notice to you, stop selling Branded and/or Private Label products to you or terminate the relationship.
28
. SanMar requires all customers to allow SanMar access to their company website in the same manner allowed to the general public. Blocking SanMar from your company site may result in SanMar discontinuing sales to you.
This sales policy is not a contract, nor an offer to form a contract.
SanMar is not asking for and will not accept any agreement affirming your compliance with this policy. This policy simply describes the circumstances under which SanMar may, in its sole discretion, choose to continue selling Branded and Private Label products to you.
SanMar representatives are strictly prohibited from discussing this sales policy or any other pricing practice with you, and from seeking or accepting any assurance of compliance with this policy. All questions regarding this Policy shall be directed, in writing, to SanMar, Attn: Sales Policy Coordinator, 22833 SE Black Nugget Road, Suite 130, Issaquah, WA 98029.
SanMar does not seek any comment or criticism from you about the pricing or advertising practices of any other authorized customer. SanMar will not, under any circumstances, discuss the business dealings of any authorized customer with any other authorized customer. SanMar reserves the right to change, amend, or discontinue this sales policy at any time, and no third party has any right to rely on the continued existence of this policy, or any act or omission by SanMar to enforce this sales policy. SanMar may elect not to enforce advertising price policies for high volume orders.
SanMar reserves the right to modify or amend these policies unilaterally, at any time or from time to time. Please See
Terms & Conditions
for SanMar website Terms and Conditions of Use.
Return to Top
17. Ordering Terms & Conditions
Orders for SanMar Corporation goods (the "Goods") are subject to the following terms and conditions of sale. These terms and conditions of sale shall govern the sale of Goods from SanMar Corporation ("SanMar") to you and/or the company you are authorized to represent ("you"). SanMar's performance is expressly made conditional upon your agreement to these terms and conditions of sale. Any provisions or conditions of any purchase order or other document, which are inconsistent with or in addition to these terms and conditions are hereby rejected and shall be inapplicable and not binding upon SanMar.
1. Ordering.
SanMar shall accept your orders in writing, by phone (with follow-up written confirmation) or through electronic means for web-based orders. You may not cancel an order accepted by SanMar (i.e., they are non-refundable), except upon the consent of SanMar in each instance. You may pay for your first order by wire transfer. Payments by company check, credit card or other terms may be available following credit approval by SanMar. SanMar shall deliver Goods F.O.B. SanMar's shipping facility; risk of loss for Goods passes to you once Goods are loaded onto the courier at SanMar's facility. SanMar shall make commercially reasonable efforts to meet any shipment date stated on the face of any accepted order. However, you understand and agree that shipment of Goods is subject to availability, and SANMAR EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR ANY FAILURE TO MEET SUCH DELIVERY DATES. SanMar shall have the right to deliver Goods at one time or in portions from time to time, and to invoice for those portions delivered. Payment will not be considered final until all freight charges and taxes billed to you have been paid. A $3.95 handling charge will be added to each order. You may order samples from SanMar and receive a full refund if you return them within thirty (30) days and pay for all related shipping charges. SanMar offers free freight on orders over $200.00 shipped via ground with SanMar's preferred carrier within the contiguous United States, excluding all hangers, signs, branded garment bags, golf bags (examples include 427002, 427003, 425042, 425043, 425044 and 413010), and “roller” bags or bags with wheels (examples include 413011, 413012, 413013, 413006, 417018, 98000, 98002, TMB400, TMB401 and TMB402). This includes split shipments. SanMar may periodically offer other free freight promotions and free freight is subject to change. You may also pick up your orders at SanMar.
2. Payment.
You shall purchase Goods in accordance with SanMar's price list in effect at the time of the order (less other discounts, if any). Prices are exclusive of all sales or use taxes, tariffs, customs (except fees associated with original U.S. importation which SanMar pays), duties and other governmental charges. You shall pay or reimburse SanMar for any and all such charges. Late payment of any amount will be grounds for SanMar to discontinue performance under these terms and conditions of sale. Any amounts not paid by the due date will be subject to a finance charge at a rate equal to the lesser of 1.5% per month or the maximum rate allowed by law. However, payment of such finance charge will not excuse or cure a breach or default for late payment. Returned checks will be subject to a $40.00 per check charge. All freight is F.O.B. point of origin. You remain responsible for all shipping and handling charges including, without limitation, failure by the consignee to pay shipping charges, failure by any third party to pay shipping charges, or an incorrect or invalid shipping account number. SanMar accepts American Express, Visa and MasterCard (please ask your sales representative for details). SanMar does not accept third party credit cards.  A surcharge of 3% will be added to the transaction amount on all credit card transactions, which is not greater than SanMar’s cost of acceptance. No surcharge is added to debit card or prepaid card transactions.
3. Pricing.
All prices are subject to change without notice. SanMar assumes no responsibility and shall incur no liability whatsoever if price change notices are not received. In the event of new federal or state taxes or legislation affecting the costs of products or items, SanMar reserves the right to increase prices as it deems appropriate or necessary. Merchandise is subject to change or withdrawal, or may be temporarily or permanently out of stock. We assume no liability for delays or failure to deliver due to our inability to obtain supplies. SanMar has no minimum order amount; however, orders under $50.00 are subject to a $5.00 service charge.
4. Discounted.
Pricing and Product Description. Case pricing is available for orders of a particular pack of a specific style, color and size group, with quantity determined by mill. Many product descriptions include the weight of the fabric indicated in ounces. All weights included in product descriptions are averages based on the color offering for that specific item. Weights are provided to SanMar by the manufacturer.
5. Backorders.
Backorders can only be placed for Goods that are out of stock at all SanMar warehouse locations at the time the order is placed. Warehouses cannot be specified for backorder fulfillment and all backorders will be filled as inventory is available. SanMar may issue a hold on funds for customers paying with credit cards until backorders are filled, but you will not be charged until your backorder ships. All Goods are priced at the time the order is placed. Only sale pricing and promotional discounts that are active at the time the backorder is placed will be applied. Backorders ship free freight if the original order associated with the backorder shipped free freight when shipped within the contiguous United States. If your order does not qualify for free freight, you will be billed the proportionate freight cost for the Goods in stock at the time your order was submitted, and the remaining proportionate amount will be applied to the backorder when it ships. Shipping method is at SanMar’s discretion and may vary by location. Backorders will ship automatically when inventory becomes available. You will receive a confirmation email notification when the backorder is shipping and an acknowledgment email when the backorder has shipped/invoiced. No backorders will be accepted for discontinued or closeout merchandise, catalogs or custom hemmed pants. Fulfillment of backorders is subject to the availability of Goods. Estimated Times of Arrival (“ETA”s) provided at the time of backorder placement are courtesy estimates only for when Goods are expected to be received by SanMar. SanMar assumes no liability for delays or failure to deliver due to SanMar’s inability to obtain supplies.
6. Returns and Cancelled Orders.
It is your responsibility to check for discrepancies or defects in an order before any alterations or embellishments are made. Returns must be authorized by SanMar in advance. Claims for returns for defective Goods must be made in accordance with the warranties in SanMar’s
General Terms & Conditions of Sale
. Altered or embellished garments, excluding irregulars, are not returnable. Authorized returns must be accompanied by a return authorization form or number from SanMar. Returns without original corresponding invoice number(s) will be credited at the lowest published price. Cancelled orders or returns of unwanted merchandise must be approved in advance and may be subject to a 20% restocking fee plus applicable shipping charges. Merchandise that is not SanMar’s will be returned to you at your expense or disposed of by SanMar. Discontinued or close-out items are not returnable. All returns must be prepaid. Please contact SanMar Customer Service for a return authorization and shipping address.
7. Export Shipments
. Many Goods that have been imported into the U.S. cannot be exported to other countries. It is your responsibility to check with your agent or freight forwarder to confirm that applicable foreign import compliance requirements or U.S. export compliance requirements are satisfied. You and your agent or freight forwarder are responsible for determining export license requirements, for obtaining any export licenses necessary and for any other official authorization, for validating documentation or for any customs formalities for the export / import of the goods.
SanMar only ships to the U.S., excluding Puerto Rico, Guam, the Virgin Islands and other U.S. territories. We are not responsible for providing documentation required to export / import goods purchased from SanMar, for re-importation to the U.S., or to validate trade preference claims at destination. If you determine that you need documentation, please contact your SanMar representative to inquire whether the requested information is available. The exportation of The North Face, Alternative Apparel and New Era outside of the U.S. is prohibited. The exportation of Nike product outside of the U.S. is prohibited (including to Puerto Rico, Guam and the Virgin Islands). The exportation of Eddie Bauer product outside of the U.S., Puerto Rico, Canada or Mexico is prohibited.
Return to Top
18. General Terms & Conditions of Sale
Orders for SanMar Corporation goods (the "Goods") are subject to the following terms and conditions of sale. These terms and conditions of sale shall govern the sale of Goods from SanMar Corporation ("SanMar") to you and/or the company you are authorized to represent ("you"). SanMar's performance is expressly made conditional upon your agreement to these terms and conditions of sale. Any provisions or conditions of any purchase order or other document, which are inconsistent with or in addition to these terms and conditions, are hereby rejected and shall be inapplicable and not binding upon SanMar.
1. Warranties, Disclaimer, Limitations on Liability.
SanMar warrants only that the Goods shall be free from material defects on the delivery date, provided, you store and handle the delivered Goods in such a manner that meets or exceeds the storage and handling procedures utilized by SanMar.
You must provide SanMar with written notice of any warranty claims no later than thirty (30) days after receipt of the applicable order of Goods. Failure to provide written notice within such 30-day period shall void SanMar's warranties in their entirety. As SanMar's sole responsibility and liability, and YOUR ONLY AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY for any breach or breaches of such warranties, SanMar shall, upon written notice from you, either (at SanMar's option) replace the defective portion of the Goods, or accept return thereof and refund the price paid by you for the defective portion. Any misuse, improper handling, storage, use, modification or alteration of the Goods by any third party shall void the forgoing warranty. You shall remain entirely responsible for any shipments by you or your company for purposes of returning defective products or packages hereunder to SanMar, and all risk of loss or damage during shipment shall be born by you. SanMar will pay (or reimburse you) for reasonable shipping and handling charges limited to valid warranty claims.
You agree and acknowledge that any benefits derived from use or resale of the Goods will depend on factors which vary from business to business and which are not within SanMar's control. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE SELECTION OF THE GOODS TO MEET YOUR, YOUR COMPANY'S OR ITS CUSTOMERS' NEEDS, AND SANMAR MAKES NO WARRANTY AS TO THE RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OR SALE OF THE GOODS IN YOUR BUSINESS. THE WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION ARE THE ONLY WARRANTIES MADE BY SANMAR. SANMAR EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS AND EXCLUDES ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ORAL OR WRITTEN, ARISING BY LAW OR OTHERWISE AND ANY IMPLIED INDEMNITIES.
IN NO EVENT WILL SANMAR BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RESULTING FROM THE PERFORMANCE OR BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE USE OR SALE OF GOODS BY YOU, OR ANY OTHER PARTY, OR FROM THE MANUFACTURE, SALE OR USE OF ANYTHING MADE BASED ON THE GOODS, EVEN IF SANMAR IS AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, EXCEPT FOR INJURIES TO CONSUMERS DUE TO THE GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OF SANMAR. You agree that, regardless of the form of action, whether in contract or tort, including negligence, SanMar's liability for damages claimed by you with respect to the Goods shall not exceed fees received by SanMar from you for the applicable Goods hereunder. Regardless of the form of action, whether in contract or tort, including negligence, SanMar's liability for damages claimed by third parties with respect to the Goods, as between SanMar and you shall not exceed fees paid to SanMar hereunder. No action, regardless of form, arising under this Agreement (other than an action for non-payment of any purchase prices or other amounts owed by you to SanMar), may be brought by either party more than one (1) year after the date of the alleged breach. SanMar shall not be liable for any failure to perform under this Agreement where such failure is due to any cause beyond SanMar's control.
You hereby release and shall defend and hold SanMar and its owners and agents harmless from and against any actual or threatened claims, losses, liabilities (including without limitation any punitive damages and fines), costs and expenses (including without limitation reasonable costs of litigation and attorneys' fees) related to third party actions (a) in which it is determined that SanMar is not at fault; and/or (b) arising from or relating to any acts or omissions by you, your company or your customers.
2. General.
Our relationship is one of independent contractors. No agency, employment, partnership or joint venture shall be created by or founded upon this Agreement. You shall not make or assign, or represent to any party, by implication or otherwise, that it may make or assign, any warranty or representation by or for SanMar, nor shall you attempt, or represent that it is entitled, to make any commitment, waiver or settlement on behalf of SanMar or to pledge the credit of SanMar. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Washington, without regard to any conflicts of law principles to the contrary. The parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the federal courts sitting in King County, Washington, unless no federal subject matter jurisdiction exists, in which case the parties consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the Superior Courts of King County, Washington. You agree not to object to this jurisdiction and venue, and hereby waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction and forum non-conveniens. Any notice or request hereunder shall be made in writing delivered in person to an authorized officer of the respective party or mailed or transmitted by cable or telecopier, for SanMar, to the current contact information on our website at www.sanmar.com, and, for you, to the address SanMar has on file for you in your most recent approved credit application (unless changed by written notice of a different address). Your rights hereunder are personal to you and the company you represent, and may not be assigned or transferred in whole or in part by you, nor may any benefit hereunder inure to any trustee in bankruptcy, receiver, or successor, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of SanMar, and any attempted assignment or transfer without such consent shall constitute a breach hereunder and shall be void. No omission or delay on the part of either party hereto in requiring due and punctual fulfillment of the obligations of the other party shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of any of the rights of the omitting or delaying party unless such rights are waived in the particular instance in a writing delivered to the other party, and no such waiver shall apply to any other instance or obligation. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable to any extent in any context, it shall nevertheless be enforced to the maximum extent allowed by law and the parties' fundamental intentions in that and other contexts, and the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby.
Return to Top
19. Online Marketplaces
Retail Branded products from Nike, OGIO®, The North Face®, Carhartt®, Champion®, Cotopaxi®, TravisMathew, Spacecraft®, Tommy Bahama®, Brooks Brothers®, New Era®, Eddie Bauer®, Wink™, Outdoor Research®, and Tentree® are strictly prohibited from being listed or sold on online marketplaces. All online marketplace offerings must be listed for sale under SanMar’s GTIN and the brand’s official marketplace listing, as applicable, and at SanMar’s Online Marketplace Retail Price as defined in the Online Marketplace Price List. You are responsible for any fees or costs associated with advertising, listing or selling on online marketplaces, including returns. SanMar offers fulfillment of online marketplace listings using SanMar’s designated freight carrier. You must meet SanMar’s online marketplace standards for minimum service ratings. Online marketplace orders are not eligible for Distribution Center pick-ups. Please contact our
Online Marketplace
Team with questions.
Return to Top
About Us
Sustainability
Careers
Press
Our Story
Terms and Conditions
Meet Our Leaders
Board of Advisors
Account
Your Account
Your Orders
About Us
About SanMar
Our Leaders
Our Story
Brands We Carry
Sustainability
Careers
Press
Resources
Product Navigators
Size & Fit
Glossary of Terms
Price Lists
Tradeshow Schedule
Industry Links
Tariff Impacts
Services
Decorator Solutions
Uniforming Services
Samples & Color Guides
Custom Apparel
Integration Offerings
SanMar Sports
Help
Contact Us
Shipping Info
© Copyright 2026 SanMar Corp. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Supply Chain Disclosure