Terms of Service | AAAS Issue Ordering
Skip to main content
You are here
Home
» Terms of Service
Terms of Service
By using and/or visiting this website (the "Website"), you signify your agreement to (1) these terms and conditions (the "Terms of Service"), and (2)
Science
's
Privacy Policy.
Conditioned upon your acceptance of these Terms of Service, you are hereby granted permission to access and use the Website as set forth in these Terms of Service.
1.	Terms
By accessing this Website, you are agreeing to be bound by these Website Terms of Service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this Website are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2.	Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download paid material or order materials on this Website. This is a grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for resale;
further reproduce, distribute, transmit, display, publish, or broadcast the materials without a separate license from Science or its authorized licensor;
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on the Website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by
Science
at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3.	Site Terms of Use Modifications
Science
may revise these Terms of Service for its Website at any time without notice. By using this Website you are agreeing to be bound by the current version of these Terms of Service.
4.	Ability to Accept Terms of Service
You affirm that you are either (1) more than 18 years of age, or (2) more than 13 years of age and either (a) an emancipated minor, or (b) possess legal parental or guardian consent.  You also affirm that you are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms of Service, and to abide by and comply with these Terms of Service.
5.	The Website
All copyright, trademark, service marks, and other intellectual property on this Website are protected by and subject to copyright and other intellectual property rights under United States law. This site is under development and changes may be made at any time.
6.	Copyright
The materials on this Website are protected by United States copyright law except that no copyright is claimed in any work of the US government. Users may access and purchase journal issues for personal, noncommercial use only. Except where otherwise permitted herein, any further reproduction, distribution, transmission, display, publication, or broadcast requires the prior written permission of
Science
. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright, or other notice from copies of the content provided on this Website.
7.	General Use of the Website—Permissions and Restrictions
(a)  The Website and the contents thereof are proprietary.  You may access and use the Website or its content for personal, noncommercial use.
(b) You agree that you will not reproduce, distribute, or make derivative works of the Website or any of the contents thereof without an express grant of rights issued to you by an authorized rights holder.  You agree not to alter or modify any part of the Website.  You agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Website or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content or enforce limitations on use of the Website or the content therein.  You agree that you will not systematically retrieve data or other content from the Website by any means, and you will not compile a database or directory of information extracted from the Website.
(c) You agree not to use the Website for any use or purpose not permitted within these Terms of Service without an express grant of rights issued to you by an authorized rights holder. Prohibited uses include, without limitation, any of the following actions: sale of access to the Website; use of the Website or its related services, for the primary purpose of gaining advertising or subscription revenue; the sale of advertising on the Website; the sale of advertising on any third-party website targeted to the content of specific Website content; and any use of the Website or its related services that uses Website resources with the effect of competing with or displacing the market for the Website or its contents.
8.  Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
You agree that your use of the Website shall be at your sole risk. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Science, their officers, directors, employees, and agents disclaim all warranties, express or implied, in connection with the Website and your use thereof.  Science makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of this Website's content or the content of any website linked to this Website, and assumes no liability or responsibility for any:
errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content;
personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of the Website;
any unauthorized access to or use of the Website and/or any and all personal information stored on secured servers in order to provide the services offered on the Website;
any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from the Website;
any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like which may be transmitted to or through the Website by any third-party; and/or
any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content made available via the Website.
9. Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless
Science
, their officers, directors, employees, and agents, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from: (a) your use of and access to the Website; (b) your violation of any term of these Terms of Service; or (c) your violation of any third-party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these Terms of Service and your use of the Website.
10. Governing Law
Any claim relating to the Website shall be governed by the laws of the District of Columbia without regard to its conflict of law provisions.