Terms of Use
Last Updated: April 15, 2025 

Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. Copyright
3. Trademarks
4. Product Information
5. Color Information
6. Responsibility for your Content
7. Your Use of Content on the Sites and Limitation of Liability
8. Your Content Submissions
8a. Ratings and Reviews
8b. Content Posted on Social Media Channels
9. Sephora Community
10. Third Party Content and Third Party Sites
11. Mobile Services
12. Modification of Content
13. Reservation of Rights
14. Disclaimer of Warranties
15. Disclaimer of Liabilities
16. Indemnification
17. DMCA
18. Fraud Protection Program
19. Privacy
20. Waiver
21. English Language
22. Dispute Resolution
23. Legal Disputes; Class Action Waiver; Jury Trial Waiver
24. Choice of Law/Forum Selection
25. Severability
26. Notice to California Consumers
27. Tax Refunds Request

Sephora Credit Card Rewards Disclosure
Sephora Credit Card First Purchase Disclosure

1. Introduction
These are the terms of use ("Terms of Use") for your use of services or features on the sites owned and controlled by Sephora USA, Inc. ("Sephora"), including www.sephora.com, the Sephora mobile application, all other websites, mobile sites, services, applications, platforms and other tools where these terms appear or are otherwise referenced, or for which no separate terms are provided as well as to your visits to or interaction with us in any of our stores or elsewhere (collectively, the "Sites"). You may be accessing our Sites from a computer or mobile phone device (through mobile website or mobile application) and these Terms of Use govern your use of our Sites and your conduct, regardless of the means of access.

PLEASE NOTE: THESE TERMS CONTAIN A CLASS ACTION WAIVER AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER, AS DETAILED IN THE “LEGAL DISPUTES” SECTION, BELOW.

If you register for a Sephora account, you will have four pages associated with your Sephora account, including a Profile page, Beauty Insider page, Lists Page (which includes your Loves), and Account page. Your Beauty Insider page, Lists Page, and Account page are not visible to anyone but you.

Sephora has an online social community (“Community”). Community allows you to participate in Conversations on the Community Home, join Sephora Groups, provide Ratings & Reviews, ask and answer in Questions & Answers, receive product recommendations, and post photos in the Sephora Gallery. These Terms of Use govern your participation in the Community.

If you have not previously registered for a Sephora account and selected a nickname, you can only create a public Profile page if you affirmatively choose to be a part of the Community. Some of the information you provide in association with the Community can be seen by everyone on your Profile and some information can only be seen by you on your Profile, as indicated below:

Seen by You and Everyone Else on your Profile

Seen only by You on your Profile

Profile and banner photo or default Sephora avatar

Nickname

# of Beauty Insiders that you follow and that follow you

Beauty Insider status

"About You" content created by you

Your Instagram/YouTube handles shared by you

Skin tone and type, hair color and type, eye color, Color IQ, age range (you can adjust your privacy settings in your Profile so that these personal traits are seen only by you on your Profile)

Personal traits such as skin concerns* and hair concerns*

My Groups

Featured Groups

My Recent Conversations

Featured Conversations

My Photos (photos and videos)

Featured Photos

Review Recent Purchases

Products Recommended For You

*Even though your skin concerns and hair concerns are only visible to you on your Profile, they will be visible to everyone else on the product page, along with your age range, if you submit a Rating & Review.

For more information about Community, see our Terms of Use. 

BY USING THE SITES, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR AGREEMENT TO THESE TERMS OF USE (INCLUDING THE CLASS ACTION AND JURY TRIAL WAIVERS BELOW), OUR PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR GUIDELINES AND RULES. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THESE, YOU SHOULD NOT USE OUR SITES.

We also like to interact with you on third party sites where we post content or invite your feedback, such as www.facebook.com/sephora, www.twitter.com/sephora, www.instagram.com/sephora, and www.youtube.com/sephora, ("Third Party Sites"). Our Terms of Use and other areas of our Sites may provide guidelines ("Guidelines") and rules and regulations ("Rules") in connection with the Community, including services that involve Third Party Sites, but Sephora does not control those Third Party Sites, and these Terms of Use, our Guidelines and our Rules do not apply to companies that Sephora does not own or control, or to the actions of people that Sephora does not employ or manage. You should always check the terms of use posted on Third Party Sites.

Sephora reserves the right to change or modify any of the terms and conditions contained in the Terms of Use, Guidelines and Rules from time to time at any time, without notice, and in its sole discretion. If Sephora decides to change these Terms of Use, Sephora will post a new version on the Sites and update the date set forth above. ANY CHANGES OR MODIFICATIONS TO THESE TERMS OF USE, GUIDELINES OR RULES WILL BE EFFECTIVE UPON POSTING OF THE REVISIONS. THE UPDATED TERMS OF USE WILL REPLACE THE PRIOR VERSION AND ARE APPLICABLE TO ANY FUTURE DISPUTES BETWEEN THE PARTIES, REGARDLESS OF WHEN THE DISPUTED INTERACTIONS AROSE. For this reason, you should frequently review these Terms of Use, our Guidelines and Rules and any other applicable policies, including their dates, to understand the terms and conditions that apply to your use of the Sites and your participation in the Community.

The short and sweet version:
When you use our Sites, you agree to our rules. And since they’re our Sites and our rules, we can change them whenever we want.

2. Copyright
All design, text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio and video clips, the selection and arrangement thereof, and all software on the Sites is Copyright (c) 1999-2025 Sephora USA, Inc., ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement and assembly) of all content on the Sites is the exclusive property of Sephora and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on the Sites is the property of Sephora or its software suppliers and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. Permission is granted to electronically copy and to print in hard copy portions of the Sites for the sole purpose of placing an order with Sephora, engaging with the Community or using the Sites as a shopping resource. Any other use of materials on the Sites - including reproduction for purposes other than those permitted above, modification, distribution, republishing, transmission, display or performance - without the prior written permission of Sephora is strictly prohibited. Licensed Under U.S. Patents 7,979,057.

The short and sweet version:
We work hard making the content on our Sites, so we’re protective of what happens to it. Unless you’re placing an order, engaging in Community, or shopping, you need permission from us to use our content elsewhere.

3. Trademarks
The Sites and all page headers, custom graphics and button icons are service marks, trademarks, and/or trade dress of Sephora and may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not offered by Sephora in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers. All other trademarks, product names and company names or logos cited herein are the property of their respective owners.

The short and sweet version:
Like we said in #2, our Site content is ours. Don’t use it in negative or malicious ways, or to advertise products or services we don’t sell.

4. Product Information
The products displayed on the Sites can be ordered and delivered only within the U.S. and certain select countries. See the International Shipments section of Sephora.com for more information. Sephora products displayed on the Sites may be available in select Sephora retail stores in the U.S. and certain foreign markets. All prices displayed on Sephora.com are quoted in U.S. Dollars and are valid and effective only in the U.S. All prices displayed on Sephora.ca are quoted in Canadian Dollars and are valid and effective only in Canada. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof by Sephora.

All material and information presented by Sephora is intended to be used for personal, educational or informational purposes only. Sephora attempts to be as accurate as possible. However, Sephora does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of any Sites is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. Please review the “About the Product” section of any product page for the most current product information. The statements made about products by the manufacturers have not been evaluated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration or any other government agency and the results reported, if any, may not necessarily occur in all individuals. The statements and products sold through Sephora are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any condition or disease. If any minor uses any goods or product from Sephora it should be only after the legal or parental guardian has discussed the product with the minor's doctor.

From time to time, we may provide summaries of or highlights from product descriptions, the text of customer Reviews (as defined below), and other information on the Site(s). In some cases, these summaries may be created with the help of artificial intelligence (“AI”). Summaries are provided for convenience, but are not exhaustive representations of product descriptions or full Reviews. Users should be aware of the limitations inherent in AI technology; AI summarization may not capture all nuances and detailed insights present in product descriptions or Reviews. Sephora does not guarantee the completeness or accuracy of the information presented in these summaries. Users are encouraged to read full product descriptions and Reviews where available, especially when making purchasing decisions. 

All products should be used strictly in accordance with their instructions, precautions and guidelines. You should always check the ingredients for products to avoid potential allergic reactions. Use of the Sites is not meant to serve as a substitute for professional medical advice: these Sites are solely online stores for specialty beauty products. Please consult with your own physician or health care practitioner regarding the use of any goods, products or information received from the Sites before using or relying on them. Your physician or health care practitioner should address any and all medical questions, concerns and decisions regarding the possible treatment of any medical condition. Sephora does not give or intend to give any answers to medical related questions and these Sites do not replace any medical professional or medical resource. Sephora does not represent itself as a physician nor is this implied. No prescription medications or medical treatments are intentionally provided on the Sites. IF YOU ARE IN NEED OF MEDICAL ATTENTION, CALL 911 OR YOUR PHYSICIAN IMMEDIATELY.

The products available on the Sites and the Community, including any samples Sephora may provide to you, are for your personal use only. You may not sell or resell any products you purchase or otherwise receive from Sephora. Sephora reserves the right, with or without notice, to cancel or reduce the quantity of any order to be filled or products to be provided to you that may result in a violation of these Terms of Use, as determined by Sephora in its sole discretion.

Except where prohibited by law, Sephora may limit the number of products available for purchase. At the time, clients may be limited to the purchase of 1 Dyson, 3 Chanel, 3 La Mer, 5 Fenty, and 6 Kiehl’s branded items per sku per transaction.

Intimate Care Acknowledgement

You must be 18 years of age or older, or the age of majority in the jurisdiction in which you reside (whichever is older) in order to buy intimate care products.
Age of Consent: By placing an order for an intimate care product, you declare that you are of the appropriate legal age to purchase the items. If we discover that you are not of legal age to order certain goods, we reserve the right to cancel your order.
All shipments are packed in Sephora packaging and are neutral so as not to reveal the contents.
The short and sweet version:
Our products and samples are for personal use, not for resale. That’s why we have a limit on how much you can purchase of certain products or from certain brands.

We’ve taken great care to make sure that the information you read about our products is accurate, but we’re not doctors—we don’t even play doctors on TV. Nothing on our Sites should be interpreted as medical advice. If you have questions about particular products, their ingredients, or their effects, you should talk to a real doctor or health care provider.

5. Color Information
While Sephora has tried to accurately display the colors of products, the actual colors you see will depend on your monitor and may not be accurate.

6. Responsibility for your Content
You are solely responsible for all content that you upload, post, email or otherwise transmit via or to the Sites, through the Community or otherwise, including the submission of product Ratings & Reviews, Questions & Answers, and all other data, profile information, documents, text, software, applications, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, forum postings, comments, questions, answers or other materials (collectively, "Content"). We will not accept Content from you unless you are a registered user of the Sites and a member of Community.

Note that “Content” does not include information gathered from your mobile device through hardware and software which transmits a Bluetooth signal to and/or works with your mobile device running Sephora Mobile (which can include your iPhone, iPod or iPad) to create a more personalized experience for you when shopping in Sephora stores and to make you aware of in-store offers, events and products. Our Privacy Policy covers the collection and use of such information.

7. Your Use of Content on the Sites and Limitation of Liability
Sephora provides the Sites and the Community and all other applications and services on the Sites as a forum only. Sephora is not liable for any statements, representations, or Content provided by its users in any public forum on the Sites or any Third Party Site, including without limitation through the Community. Any Content, if displayed, is displayed for entertainment and informational purposes only. More generally, Content posted via or on the Sites or any Third Party Site, including through the Community, is not controlled by Sephora. Sephora cannot guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. You understand that by using the Community, you may be exposed to Content that may be offensive, indecent or objectionable and Sephora shall not be liable for any such Content and that the risk of harm or damage from the foregoing rests entirely with you. Under no circumstances will Sephora be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, for (i) any errors or omissions in any Content; or (ii) any loss or damage (including, without limitation, personal injury or property damage) of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed or otherwise transmitted via or to the Sites or through the Community. The preceding sentence does not apply to New Jersey residents.

You may access the Content and any other content on the Sites only as permitted under these Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy and you agree to not engage in the use, copying or distribution of any of the Content other than as expressly provided herein.

You agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Site or features that prevent or restrict use of any Content or enforce limitations on use of the Site or the Content therein. You may not interfere with or disrupt the Sites, or servers or networks connected to the Sites, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Sites, including by using any device, software or routine to bypass robot exclusion headers. Sephora reserves all rights not expressly granted in and to the Content. When using the Community, you may not disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, cause a screen to "scroll" faster than other users are able to type, or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users' ability to engage in real time exchanges.

Except as otherwise expressly permitted by these Terms of Use, you agree that you will not copy, reproduce, modify, create derivative works of, alter, publicly distribute, republish, reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble, upload, post, transmit, publicly perform or display, license, transfer, sell, mirror, frame, “deep link,” “scrape,” data mine, extract, or otherwise use any content or other technology, services, information, or material obtained from or through the Sites. Use of any system or software, whether operated by a third party or otherwise, to extract any data from the Sites to develop or train artificial intelligence is strictly prohibited.

The short and sweet version:
Take what other users post with a grain of salt; they may have opinions you disagree with, their reviews may be biased, or they may be having a bad day. Interacting with all the content on our Sites is at your own risk. We’re not responsible for services or products offered by others.

8. Your Content Submissions
By submitting Content to Sephora and participating in the Community, you represent and warrant that you will comply with the following (“Content Submission Requirements”):

♦ You understand you are participating in a public forum and that your Content and other personal information will be available to all other users of the Sites, the Community and potentially Third Party Sites;
♦ You are the sole author and owner of the intellectual property and other rights thereto (or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents and permissions to use and provide a non-exclusive license to Sephora to use all intellectual property and other rights thereto to enable inclusion and use of the Content in the manner contemplated by the Sites and these Terms of Use);
♦ You understand that your Content may be utilized and distributed by Sephora in its marketing materials, including but not limited to, Sephora.com, Sephora emails, social channels, and store materials;
♦ You shall comply with the Federal Trade Commission’s Guides on the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you represent and warrant that: (a) any statements or testimonials that are included in your Content are true and accurate and represent your current honest opinions, findings, beliefs, and/or experiences; (b) if your Content contains a "look" based on use of various products, then (i) you actually used any products tagged, shown or mentioned in your Content in conformity with the product instructions, (ii) the "look" is a fair representation of the actual performance and appearance of the products tagged, shown or mentioned in your Content, and (iii) you did not use any tools, special effects, or any other method to materially enhance or alter the performance or appearance of such products in your “look”; and (c) if you received compensation in any form (including free product) or any other incentive (such as an entry in a sweepstakes or contest or a coupon) in exchange for posting your Content on Sephora’s sites or channels (including but not limited to product reviews, Q&A, photographs, and social channels), or if you have a material connection to Sephora or any other company or brand mentioned or tagged in your Content, you have disclosed such fact in such Content clearly and conspicuously;
♦ All "moral rights" that you may have in such Content have been voluntarily waived by you, and you do not require that any personally identifying information be used in connection with the Content that you submit, or any derivative works of or upgrades or updates thereto
♦ All Content that you post is accurate;
♦ You have the age eligibility and legal eligibility. If you are a California resident under 18 years old and a registered user of the Sites, you can request that we remove content or information that you have posted to our Sites. Fulfillment of the request may not ensure complete or comprehensive removal (e.g., if the content or information has been reposted by another user). To request removal of content or information, please contact us at yourprivacyrights@sephora.com.
♦ and that use of the Content you supply does not violate these Terms of Use and will not cause injury to any person or entity.

You also represent and warrant that any Content you submit:
♦ Is not false, inaccurate or misleading;
♦ Does not harm minors;
♦ Does not elicit or provide medical advice;
♦ Does not infringe any copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy of any person or entity;
♦ Does not violate any obligations you may have with respect to such Content under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as, but not limited to, inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);
♦ Does not violate any law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including, but not limited to, those governing export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising);
♦ Is not, or would not reasonably be considered to be, unlawful, harmful, defamatory, trolling, bullying, libelous, vulgar, obscene, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, racially or religiously biased or offensive, abusive, tortious, threatening or harassing to any individual, partnership or corporation;
♦ Is relevant to the product being rated and reviewed or about which a question or answer is submitted;
♦ Does not include any information that references other websites, addresses, email addresses, contact information or phone numbers;
♦ Complies in all respects with these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy and all Guidelines and Rules;
♦ Is not a form of phishing, and does not contain unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation;
♦ Does not contain any computer viruses, worms or other potentially damaging computer programs or files; and;

♦ Does not impersonate any person or entity, including, without limitation, any Sephora official, forum leader, guide or host, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity. You may not use the Sites or Community to collect or store personal information about other users.

Sephora does not endorse any Content or any opinion, recommendation or advice expressed therein, and Sephora disclaims all liability with respect to the Content posted by third parties.

If your Content includes ideas, suggestions, documents or proposals to Sephora through the Community, (a) such Content is not confidential or proprietary and Sephora has no obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect thereto; (b) Sephora may have something similar to that Content already under consideration or development; and (c) you are not entitled to compensation, payment or reimbursement of any kind for such Content from Sephora under any circumstances unless you are otherwise notified by Sephora in writing.

For any Content that you submit, you grant Sephora, its parent company, subsidiaries and entities under common control, and their respective licensees, successors and assigns a worldwide, perpetual, non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicensable and transferable right and license to use, reproduce, communicate, distribute, share, copy, modify, delete in its entirety, edit, adapt, publish, translate, publicly display, publicly perform, use, create derivative works from and/or sell and/or distribute such Content and/or incorporate such Content (all of the foregoing, collectively, “Publish”) into any form, medium or technology whether now or hereafter known, without compensation to you, for any lawful purpose, including, without limitation, for purposes of advertising and trade. This includes, but is not limited to, sharing your Content, including your Ratings & Reviews or Questions & Answers (and/or any elements thereof), with third-party brands whose product we sell and with third parties that carry our products (including, without limitation, Kohl’s, Inc.) and adding to your Content links to the ecommerce portions of Sephora's sites and apps (including sephora.com) to enable users to "shop your look" and purchase products (including, without limitation, products that you show, mention or tag in your Content, as well as other products). This license will survive the termination of these Terms of Use and your use of the Site.

The short and sweet version:
To post content to our Sites, you must have age eligibility and legal eligibility. 

When you post content to our Sites, you’re acknowledging that you are posting content on the internet, in public, for everyone to see, use, copy, and share. Please only post content that a) you have the rights to post, b) does not violate anyone else’s rights, and c) is fair and truthful. We are not responsible if others don’t beauty by these rules.

As between you and us, you own your Content, even after you post it to our Sites. But by sharing with us you’re granting us a non-exclusive license to it, which means we might use it in places like marketing materials.

We know that some Community posts include ideas or business proposals for Sephora—we don’t pay for unsolicited suggestions like these. And know that when you post ideas like this in public, they’re not covered by any kind of confidentiality or copyright protection.

8a. Ratings & Reviews / Questions & Answers
We want to know what you think of the products you've tried or bought. Use our Ratings & Reviews to voice your opinions about your recent beauty buys. Got a beauty Q? Just ask! It's pretty simple. 

By submitting Content that contains a review about a product offered on the Sites (each, a “Review” or “Ratings and Reviews”), you agree the Review complies with these Terms of Use, including, without, limitation, the Content Submission Requirements. When writing and submitting a Review, you further agree to provide insightful, helpful details about why you like or dislike a product and avoid vacuous statements, and ensure that the Review relates solely to the applicable goods or services offered by us.

If you are a returning customer, you will be prompted to sign in by providing your email address (login) and password. If you have forgotten your password, click the "Forgot password?" link on the Sign In screen. Enter your email address, and we will send you a link to reset your password.

If you are a new customer and have not shopped or submitted a Review with us before, you will need to register by providing your email address (login) and creating a password, before being able to rate products and write Reviews. Click here to register.

You will be asked to create a Beauty Insider Community nickname that will appear with your posted Review. Choose wisely! Once you enter your nickname it cannot be edited/changed.

You have the option to add a photo or video to your review to help other shoppers reading your review, provided such addition complies with these Terms of Use. Show the product in action, share swatches, or show off your artistry. Please refer to the Review Guidelines below for additional information. 

Depending on the product you're reviewing, you may be asked to answer a few quick questions that will help shoppers who read your Review make a more informed decision. This includes selecting personal characteristics such as skin tone and type, hair color and type or eye color, age range, and location. Any Content you supply will be saved to your profile and will be visible to everyone else on the product page, along with your age range when you submit your Review. 

To learn more about how we use your profile information, please review our Privacy Policy. 

You will have the chance to preview your Review before submitting it. Your Review, profile information, and any images or video will be shown. From there, you may go back and edit or submit your Review. 

Click on the "Submit" button to submit your Review. You will get a confirmation page to let you know it has been successfully submitted. Note that Reviews can take up to 72 hours to appear.

Verified Purchase Badge

Published Reviews of eligible purchases will be displayed with a Verified Purchase badge, indicating to shoppers that we were able to verify that you purchased the item from Sephora. In order for your review to display a Verified Purchase badge, you will need to submit the review within 90 days of your online or in-store purchase, using the same Beauty Insider account you used for your purchase to compose and submit your review.

Online purchases made on or after September 25, 2019 and in-store purchases made on or after October 14, 2021 are eligible to be verified. Reviews written for online purchases made on or before July 10, 2021 must have been written within 60 days of purchase to qualify for the Verified Purchase badge. Reviews written for online orders placed on July 11, 2021 or after and in-store purchases made on October 14, 2021 or after are eligible for the Verified Purchase badge if submitted within 90 days of purchase.

Rate a Product

There is a five-star rating scale for each product. One star is the lowest rating and five stars is the highest. Click on the star you wish to select your rating.

Preview Your Questions & Answers

You will have the chance to preview your questions or answers before submitting them. Your question or answer and profile information will be shown. From there, you may go back and edit or submit your question or answer. Please remember to keep our Questions & Answers Guidelines and Terms of Use in mind.

Submit Your Questions & Answers

Click on the "Submit" button to submit your question or answer. You will get a confirmation page to let you know it has been successfully submitted. Note that questions or answers can take up to 72 hours to appear.

Questions & Answers Guidelines

All questions and answers are read and moderated to abide by the following Q&A Guidelines:

When asking a question, please consider the following:

Focus on the product and your individual question about it.
Provide relevant details that might help others answer your question such as skin tone, eye color, hair texture or desired look.
Do not ask for medical advice.
Questions must be submitted in English or French.
You can also share your beauty smarts and submit answers to others' questions. 

When answering a question, please consider the following guidelines:

Focus on the product and your individual experience using it.
Provide details that are relevant to the question being asked.
Do not provide medical advice.
Answers must be submitted in English or French.
Photo & Video Guidelines

When posting a picture, please consider the following guidelines:

Pictures must be related to the product you are reviewing.
Pictures must be in BMP, PNG, GIF or JPEG format and be in focus.
File size must be 2 MB or less.
Pictures must be at least 60 pixels tall.
Pictures must be at least 60 pixels wide.
Objectionable pictures will be rejected.
When posting a video, please consider the following guidelines:

Focus on the product and your individual experience using it. Make sure your video is related to the product.
Videos must be hosted on YouTube and be in focus and of good audio/visual clarity.
Videos must be under 5 minutes in length.
Moderation

Content (including, without limitation, Reviews, questions, answers, photos or videos) may be read and moderated for compliance with these Terms of Use. We reserve the right not to post any question or answer or to delete any such Content that does not comply with these Terms of Use or applicable law. Some Content may get flagged, reviewed, and then later removed by our moderation team after previously appearing on the Site(s). 

Customer Service

If you wish to share feedback with us about product selection, pricing, ordering, delivery, or other customer service issues, please contact us directly by visiting https://www.sephora.com/beauty/contact-us.

The short and sweet version:
Beauty Insider Community members can leave Ratings & Reviews on product pages by selecting a star rating on a five-star scale and writing about their experience! Review content is moderated and we encourage you to follow the above guidelines when writing your review. 

If you have a question about a product, you can use the Questions & Answers section on products pages to ask it. Beauty Insider Community members can also respond to questions. Like reviews, Questions & Answers content is moderated, and we encourage everyone to read the guidelines above for best practices when submitting Q&A content.

Back to Top

8b. Content Posted on Social Media Channels
From time to time, Sephora may reach out to you and ask for permission to use content you posted on social media channels (such as, by way of example, Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, TikTok, etc.), including photography, videos, captions, and or related content (your "Social Media Content"). When you agree to allow Sephora to use your Social Media Content, the terms in this section apply (unless you and Sephora agree in writing to different terms):

Sephora will have the worldwide and perpetual right, without payment to you, but not the obligation, to do the following:

a. To Publish your Social Media Content in Sephora's Beauty Insider Community Gallery currently located at https://www.sephora.com/community/gallery;

b. To Publish your Social Media Content in Sephora marketing materials in any form, medium or technology whether now or hereafter known, including, but not limited to, materials on Sephora.com, Sephora emails, content in social media channels, and in-store materials;

c. In connection with the foregoing, to add links to the ecommerce portions of Sephora's sites and apps (including sephora.com) to enable users to "shop your look" and purchase products (including, without limitation, products that you show, mention or tag in your Social Media Content, as well as other products); and

d. To use only specific elements of your Social Media Content (e.g., only your photography, video and/or only excepts from your caption), and to make edits to the Social Media Content, in connection with the foregoing.

You represent and warrant that:

a. No person other than you appears or is mentioned in the Social Media Content;

b. You took the photograph or video and have all the rights to the Social Media Content;

c. You actually used any products tagged, shown or mentioned in the Social Media Content in conformity with the product instructions;

d. If your Social Media Content contains a "look" based on use of various products, that "look" is a fair representation of the actual performance and appearance of the products tagged, shown or mentioned in the Social Media Content, and you did not use any tools, special effects, or any other method to materially enhance or alter the performance or appearance of such products;

e. Any statements or testimonials that are included in your Social Media Content are true and accurate and represent your current honest opinions, findings, beliefs, and/or experiences;

f. If you have received any compensation, incentive, or other benefit (e.g., free product, gift cards, sweepstakes entry, loyalty points) from Sephora or any third party in exchange for posting the Social Media Content, using any product, or mentioning or tagging any products or brand in your Social Media Content, or if you have a material connection to Sephora or any other company or brand mentioned or tagged in your Social Media Content, then (i) you have disclosed this clearly in your caption clearly and conspicuously, and (ii) in connection with any use made by Sephora of your Social Media Content, Sephora shall have the right to prominently disclose, in a manner determined by Sephora in its discretion, that you received such compensation, incentive or other benefit; and

g. You have the right to grant Sephora the right to use your Social Media Content as set forth in these terms and such use by Sephora will not violate the rights of any third party.

The short and sweet version:
When you post on social media platforms about Sephora or our products, we may reach out to you and ask for permission to use your Content. If you agree to the terms laid out above, then you may eventually find your Content featured in Sephora marketing materials, including but not limited to: Sephora.com site, Sephora apps, Sephora emails, or in-store materials. 

Back to Top

9. Sephora Community
The Community is an online social platform located on Sephora.com and the Sephora Application. Community membership is now a prerequisite in order to engage with certain Sephora platforms, including Groups, Community Home, the Gallery, Ratings & Reviews, and Questions & Answers. You must have age eligibility and legal eligibility. 

In order to become a Community member, you must register for a Sephora account and a Beauty Insider account and you must select a nickname.

After you become a Community member, some of the information associated with your Community membership can be seen by everyone on your Profile page and some information can only be seen by you on your Profile page. Everyone will be able to see your featured profile photo or avatar and banner photo, your nickname, the number of Beauty Insiders that you follow and that follow you, your Beauty Insider status, your shared “About You” content, and your shared Instagram and YouTube handles. Everyone will also be able to see your skin tone and type, hair color and type, eye color, Color IQ, and age range, unless you adjust the privacy settings on your Profile so that these personal traits are seen only by you on your Profile. Your selected personal traits such as skin concerns and hair concerns are not visible to everyone on your Profile page, but will be visible to everyone, along with your age range, if you post Content to Ratings & Reviews and/or Questions & Answers. Your profile photo or avatar and banner photo, your “About You” content, and your personal characteristics may be edited by you at any time.

Other information is available on your Profile page, including:

My Groups

Any Sephora Groups that you join based on your interests will appear under My Groups. You can join and leave various Groups at any time. If you do not join any Groups, this tab will be called “Featured Groups” and will be populated with suggested Groups that may be based on your account activity. Featured Groups on your Profile page are only visible to you.

My Recent Conversations

Any conversations that you engage in via Community Home (including those you have previously engaged in on Beauty Talk) will appear under My Recent Conversations. If you do not engage in any Conversations, this tab will be called “Featured Conversations” and will be populated with suggested Conversations that may be based on your account activity. Featured Conversations on your Profile page are only visible to you.

You may also contact Sephora or a Beauty Insider directly by clicking “Messages” on your Profile page.

My Photos

Any photographs or videos submitted by you to the Gallery (including those you have previously uploaded to the Gallery) will appear under My Photos. If you don’t submit any photographs or videos, this tab will be called “Featured Photos” and will be populated with suggested Photos that may be based on your account activity. Featured Photos on your Profile page are only visible to you.

My Recent Reviews

Any product ratings and reviews submitted by you (including those you have previously submitted as part of Ratings & Reviews) will appear under My Recent Reviews.

Review Recent Purchases

This area will populate with products you have purchased at Sephora but not yet reviewed. This section can only be seen by you.

Products Recommended For You

Sephora will suggest certain products to you under “Products Recommended For You.” This section can only be seen by you.

Sephora may add new features to Community from time to time.

Unless noted otherwise in these Terms of Use, all information posted in association with your Community membership on your Profile page will be visible to everyone else.

Please email Customer Service at social.support@sephora.com if you have questions about your Sephora account or your Community membership, including how to privatize your Profile page and to remove some of your Community activity. For example, you have the ability to delete photographs or videos that you have posted to the Gallery and you can delete “About Me” information and deselect certain secondary Beauty Insider traits (skin concern, hair concern, skin type, and hair type). Customer Service can delete your Ratings & Reviews, Questions & Answers, or posts to the Gallery. Customer Service can also delete your Profile photo/avatar and banner photo. Please note that not all information can be deleted at the present time but any remaining information will not be readily available to other users if you privatize your Profile page and/or delete your Community activity in accordance with the instructions above and do not share your nickname.

The short and sweet version:
You must have age eligibility and legal eligibility to engage with Community. 

When you engage with our Community, there are sections of your profile that only you can see, as well as sections that are visible to other members. You can customize, privatize, or delete your profile by signing into your account or by emailing Customer Service at social.support@sephora.com.

10. Third Party Content and Third Party Sites
Sephora may provide content of third parties ("Third Party Content"), or links to Third Party Sites, as a service to those interested in this information. Sephora does not monitor, approve or have any control over any Third Party Content or the Third Party Sites and the inclusion of links to Third Party Content or Third Party Sites does not imply any association or relationship between Sephora and such third party. Sephora does not guarantee, endorse or adopt the accuracy or completeness of any Third Party Content or any Third Party Site. Sephora is not responsible for updating or reviewing Third Party Content or Third Party Sites. You use Third Party Content and Third Party Sites at your own risk. Third Party Content, including comments from third party users submitted to Sephora through the Community, do not necessarily reflect the views of Sephora.

Third Party Content includes, without limitation, product reviews, ratings, Questions & Answers and other material that was originally posted on Third Party Sites (including, without limitation, websites hosted by brands carried in Sephora).

The short and sweet version:
Sometimes we may provide content, or link to content, from other websites, including product reviews, Questions & Answers and other material that was originally posted on the websites hosted by brands carried at Sephora, or links to external sites containing such content, which we don’t own or control. While we’d never intentionally provide any questionable content on our site, or intentionally send you to a site with questionable material, we aren’t responsible for said content.

11. Mobile Services
If you access the Sites via your mobile phone (through an iPhone application, for example), we do not currently charge for this access. Additionally, you may receive text messages or calls from us related to certain products or services. Please be aware that if you access the Sites via your mobile phone or provide a mobile phone number to us in order to be contacted by voice or text message, your carrier's normal rates and fees, such as text messaging fees or data charges, will still apply. To find out more about how we use information regarding your mobile device, including your phone number, review our Privacy Policy.

Some Sephora stores utilize hardware and software which transmits a Bluetooth signal to and/or works with your mobile device running Sephora Mobile (which can include your iPhone, iPod or iPad) to create a more personalized experience for you when shopping in Sephora stores and to make you aware of in-store offers, events and products (the “Beacon”). The interaction of the Beacon with your mobile device even when you are not using Sephora Mobile may cause your carrier's normal rates and fees, such as data charges, to apply.

The short and sweet version:
Sephora doesn’t charge you for accessing our Sites via mobile, but your carrier may charge you for things like receiving text messages or downloading data. When in doubt, check your plan.

12. Modification of Content
All Content that you submit is not confidential and may be used at Sephora's sole discretion. Sephora may or may not pre-screen Content. However, Sephora and its designees will have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to pre-screen, change, condense or delete any Content on the Sites. In particular, Sephora and its designees will have the right to remove any Content that Sephora deems, in its sole discretion, to violate the Guidelines, or any other provision of these Terms of Use. Sephora does not guarantee that you will have any recourse through Sephora to edit or delete any Content you have submitted. Sephora reserves the right to incorporate any Content you have submitted into any account you may have, now or in the future, as a registered user of the Sites. Ratings and Reviews, Questions & Answers, and Gallery photos are generally posted within two to four business days. However, Sephora reserves the right to remove or to refuse to post any submission for violation of any relevant terms or guidelines. You acknowledge that you, not Sephora, are responsible for the contents of any Content you submit. None of the Content that you submit shall be subject to any obligation of confidence on the part of Sephora, its agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners or third-party service providers and their respective directors, officers and employees.

The short and sweet version:
Sometimes we screen content before it’s posted to make sure it follows our guidelines. If you post something that violates our guidelines, we can remove it.

13. Reservation of Rights
Sephora reserves the right, at any time, without notice and in its sole discretion, to terminate your license to use the Community and the Sites and to block or prevent your future access to and use of the Community and the Sites. Sephora may access, preserve and disclose your account information and Content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with legal process; (ii) enforce these Terms of Use, (iii) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third parties, (iv) respond to your requests for customer service, or (v) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Sephora (and its employees), its users and the public.

The short and sweet version:
Sephora’s Sites are provided to you for free and we reserve the right to refuse service to anyone.

14. Disclaimer of Warranties
SEPHORA IS PROVIDING THE SITES, THEIR CONTENTS AND THE COMMUNITY ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITES OR THE COMMUNITY, THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS OR PRODUCTS, INCLUDED ON THE SITES OR AS PART OF THE COMMUNITY. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, SEPHORA DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING FOR EXAMPLE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY. IN ADDITION, SEPHORA DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE INFORMATION ACCESSIBLE VIA THE SITES OR THE COMMUNITY IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE OR CURRENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties and conditions, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you but shall apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws. Price and availability information is subject to change without notice.

15. Disclaimer of Liabilities
SEPHORA WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THE SITES OR THE COMMUNITY. THIS IS A COMPREHENSIVE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY THAT APPLIES TO ALL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSS OF DATA, INCOME OR PROFIT, LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO PROPERTY AND CLAIMS OF THIRD PARTIES. This provision does not apply to New Jersey residents.

SEPHORA MOBILE INCLUDES AN OPTIONAL “PERSISTENT LOG-IN” FEATURE WHICH ALLOWS REGISTERED USERS OF SEPHORA TO REMAIN LOGGED IN WHILE THE APPLICATION IS CLOSED IN ORDER TO AVOID HAVING TO REENTER YOUR LOG-IN INFORMATION EACH TIME YOU OPEN THE APPLICATION. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT IF YOU CHOOSE TO ENABLE THIS OPTION, ANYONE WHO GAINS ACCESS TO YOUR MOBILE DEVICE WILL BE ABLE TO ACCESS, MODIFY AND USE YOUR SEPHORA ACCOUNT AND YOUR BEAUTY INSIDER MEMBERSHIP, IF ANY. IN ADDITION, IF YOU HAVE CHOSEN TO PERMIT SEPHORA TO STORE YOUR CREDIT CARD INFORMATION, WHETHER YOU HAVE ENTERED YOUR CREDIT CARD INFORMATION MANUALLY OR BY USING THE “SCAN YOUR CARD” FEATURE, ANYONE WHO GAINS ACCESS TO YOUR MOBILE DEVICE MAY BE ABLE TO MAKE PURCHASES THROUGH SEPHORA MOBILE USING YOUR CREDIT CARD ACCOUNT. FOR THIS REASON, WE STRONGLY RECOMMEND THAT IF YOU CHOOSE TO ENABLE THE PERSISTENT LOG-IN FEATURE THAT YOU ALSO ENABLE THE “PASSCODE LOCK” SECURITY FEATURE ON YOUR MOBILE DEVICE TO PROTECT AGAINST UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO AND USE OF YOUR MOBILE DEVICE AND YOUR SEPHORA ACCOUNT. WHETHER OR NOT YOU CHOOSE TO ENABLE THE PASSCODE-LOCK FEATURE, YOU UNDERSTAND THAT IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO PROTECT AGAINST UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO YOUR ACCOUNT AND THAT THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY APPLY TO ANY AND ALL LOSSES OR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND INCURRED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF ANYONE GAINING UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO YOUR MOBILE DEVICE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, YOU SHOULD NOT ENABLE THE PERSISTENT LOG-IN FEATURE.

SEPHORA MOBILE SUPPORTS TOUCH ID SO YOU CAN ACCESS THE SEPHORA TO GO APPLICATION AND YOUR ACCOUNT WITH JUST YOUR STORED FINGERPRINT. FOR SECURITY, SEPHORA MAY REQUIRE TOUCH ID AUTHENTICATION TO PERFORM CERTAIN FUNCTIONS IN SEPHORA MOBILE INCLUDING CHECKOUT, REVIEWING ORDERS AND VIEWING YOUR BEAUTY INSIDER DETAILS. ANY TOUCH ID FINGERPRINT WILL BE ABLE TO LOG INTO YOUR ACCOUNT WHEN TOUCH ID IS ENABLED. SEPHORA DOES NOT CONTROL THE FUNCTIONALITY OF TOUCH ID AND DOES NOT HAVE ACCESS TO YOUR FINGERPRINT INFORMATION. PLEASE REVIEW APPLE'S TERMS OF USE AT https://www.apple.com/legal.

16. Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Sephora (and its officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, employees and third-party service providers), from all claims, demands, losses, liabilities, costs, expenses, obligations and damages including reasonable legal fees, arising out of (a) your misuse of the Sites and the Community; (b) your violation of any term of these Terms of Use; (c) a breach of your representations and warranties set forth above regarding Content; (d) your violation of any law or the rights of a third party (including, without limitation, any copyright, property or privacy right); or (e) any claim that any Content you submitted caused damage to a third party. This indemnification obligation will survive the termination of these Terms of Use and your misuse of the Sites and the Community.

17. DMCA
If you believe your work or content has been copied and posted to the Sites in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide Sephora's designated copyright agent the following written information in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the "DMCA"):

• An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;

• A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon;

• A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Sites;

• A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;

• Your name, address, telephone number and email address (if available); and

• A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

Sephora's DMCA designated copyright agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on the Sites is our General Counsel, Eric Baysinger, who can be reached as follows:
Sephora USA, Inc.
Legal Department
350 Mission Street, 7th Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105
E-mail: copyright@sephora.com
1-877-737-4672

The short and sweet version:
If you see anything on our Site that you believe infringes on your own trademark or copyright, email us at copyright@sephora.com

Back to Top

18. Fraud Protection Program
As part of our order processing procedures, we screen all received orders for fraud or other types of unauthorized or illegal activity. We reserve the right to refuse to process an order due to suspected fraud or unauthorized or illegal activity or where the order violates Sephora’s published policies. If such is the case, we may reject your order or our Customer Service department may call you at the phone number you provided (or use your email address) to confirm your order. We also reserve the right to cancel any accounts or refuse to ship to certain addresses due to suspected fraud or unauthorized or illegal activity. We take these measures to protect our customers as well as ourselves from fraud or other unauthorized or illegal activity.

The short and sweet version:
If we suspect that you’ve placed an order that’s fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal, we might refuse to process it and may even cancel your account.

19. Privacy
By submitting your email address in connection with your account, you agree that Sephora and its third-party service providers may use your email address to contact you about your Sephora account or Content you have submitted to the Sites, including the Community, or for other administrative purposes and for any other purpose permitted or required by law. Sephora's Privacy Policy provides further detail on the manner in which Sephora may collect and use personally identifiable information about you, including any information you supply in connection with your use of these Sites and participation in the Community.

The short and sweet version:
We will send you emails based on your account settings, which you can change by signing into your account. Our Privacy Policy also tells you how Sephora may collect and use your personal information, so it’s worth a read, and you can access it here at www.sephora.com/privacy-policy.

20. Waiver
No waiver of any term of these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and Sephora's failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.

21. English Language
It is the express wish of the parties that these Terms of Use and all related documents be drawn up in English. C'est la volonté expresse des parties que cette convention ainsi que tous les documents qui s'y rattachent soient rédigés en anglais.

22. Dispute Resolution
If a dispute should arise between you and Sephora, we want to provide you with a resolution that is efficient and cost effective by using our customer service team. Almost all customer service disputes can be resolved to the customer’s satisfaction by using our customer service, reachable by calling 1-877-SEPHORA or by sending an email to customerservice@sephora.com.

If your dispute cannot be resolved using our customer service team, these Terms describe how we shall proceed with the resolution of the dispute.

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAWS, YOU AND SEPHORA AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE SITES AND THE COMMUNITY MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED. The preceding sentence does not apply to New Jersey residents.

The short and sweet version:
If you’re unhappy, the best way to get a resolution is to call 1-877-SEPHORA or email customerservice@sephora.com.

23. Legal Disputes; Class Action Waiver; Jury Trial Waiver
IF YOU ARE A U.S. RESIDENT, YOU ALSO AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING PROVISIONS:

PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY – IT MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION AND TO HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JURY.

NO CLASS ACTIONS: EACH PARTY HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES ITS RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS OR COLLECTIVE ACTION AGAINST THE OTHER PARTY IN ANY DISPUTE OR PROCEEDING (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, STATUTE, TORT, OR ANY OTHER THEORY). ALL CLAIMS MUST BE BROUGHT SOLELY IN A PARTY'S INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS ACTION, COLLECTIVE ACTION, CONSOLIDATED ACTION, REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING.

WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL: EACH PARTY HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHTS THEY MAY HAVE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THEIR CONSTITUTIONAL OR STATUTORY RIGHT TO GO TO COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JURY) TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING FOR ANY DISPUTES WHATSOEVER BETWEEN THE PARTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DISPUTES IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR THE RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, STATUTE, TORT, OR ANY OTHER THEORY).

24. Choice of Law/Forum Selection
These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, excluding its conflict of law rules. You further expressly consent and agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of a court of competent jurisdiction located in San Francisco County, California.

25. Severability
The provisions of these Terms of Use are intended to be interpreted in a manner which makes them valid, legal, and enforceable. In the event any provision is found to be partially or wholly invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be modified or restricted to the extent and in the manner necessary to render it valid, legal, and enforceable. It is expressly understood and agreed between the parties that such modification or restriction may be accomplished unilaterally by Sephora, or alternatively, by a court of law. If such provisions cannot under any circumstances be so modified or restricted, they shall be excised from the Terms of Use without affecting the validity, legality or enforceability of any of the remaining provisions.

26. Notice to California Consumers
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California consumers are entitled to the following consumer rights notice: The provider of the Sites is Sephora USA, Inc., located at 350 Mission Street, 7th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105. For questions or complaints regarding the Sites, please send a letter to the above address or send an email to legalinquiries@Sephora.com with “California 1789.3 Inquiry” in the subject line, or call 1-877-737-4672. California consumers may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at 916-445-1254 or 1-800-952-5210.

27. Tax Refunds
Sephora's Tax Refund Request Program Terms and Conditions

To request a one-time refund request, each customer must follow the steps outlined below. Please note that Sephora does not provide legal or tax advice. Approval or denial of a claim does not constitute legal or tax advice. We encourage you to contact your tax advisor or your state or local taxing authority to determine whether you may qualify for a sales tax exemption.

BY CLICKING TO ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING ALL TERMS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE. 

1. Application.   

Participation in the Tax Refund Program requires customers to sign in to their Sephora.com account, Beauty Insider account, or as a guest.

To view the Transaction Tax refunds homepage, please click here. 

You must provide valid tax-exempt documents corresponding to the mailing address where the exempt goods will be shipped. Once you have submitted your application, Sephora will review your documents and determine whether your application is approved. 

Please note it may take up to 10 business days for a decision to be made regarding your application.  If your application is not approved, you will receive an email explaining the denial.  Applicants will have two attempts to apply for a particular tax exemption.  After a particular exemption has been denied two times, Sephora will not accept further applications for that order.  Refund relief may also be available via your local or state taxing authority.  

2. Limitations.  

All tax exemption determinations are made in Sephora's sole but reasonable discretion.  Sephora reserves the right to change or revoke a prior determination or approval. Purchasers must request a tax refund for each purchase order. 

Refund: All refunds applied for within 30 days of purchase shall, if approved, be issued back to the original payment type. For all refunds applied for between 31 and 90 days of purchase, if approved, will be issued via online credit. 

3. Representations and Warranties. 

By participating in the Tax Refund Request Program, you represent and warrant to Sephora that all tax documentation/information provided to us is valid and accurately reflects your tax status. You further agree to provide updates or supplemental information as needed to ensure the documentation or information remains accurate. 

4. Privacy. 

Sephora may collect personal information as required to verify your tax-exempt status. This information is used for validation and policy-related purposes. Sephora will retain such information for seven years, in compliance with United States and Canadian tax laws. For more information on how we collect and use your personal information, please see the Sephora Privacy Policy.

5. Changes to Terms and Conditions. 

Sephora reserves the right to make changes to these Terms and Conditions at any time in its sole discretion. All changes are effective upon posting the updated Terms & Conditions Agreement to the Sephora.com website. Your continued participation in Sephora's Tax Refund Request Program following the posting of the updated Terms & Conditions Agreement constitutes your acceptance of such changes. In addition to this Agreement, your participation in this program is also subject to Sephora’s Terms of Use.

Sephora Credit Card First Purchase Disclosure
Valid one time only. Duplicate offers will not be accepted. Cannot be combined with promotional offers unless otherwise stated. New accounts opened in-store: discount applied in-store at checkout. New accounts opened on www.sephora.com: discount applied by cardholder online at checkout. Offer valid on a purchase made in U.S. Sephora stores and online at www.sephora.com (excludes Puerto Rico retail stores). Not valid on orders shipping outside the U.S. or Canada. Not valid on in-store services. Not valid on previous purchases, purchases of gift cards or eGift cards, FLASH, PLAY! by Sephora, packaging, applicable taxes, or shipping charges. The entire transaction amount after discount must be placed on the Sephora Visa® or Sephora Credit Card. Must use within thirty (30) days from Account open date. Application and approval must occur same day to receive the offer. Discount value will be equally spread across all eligible items in the transaction.

Credit card offers are subject to credit approval.

Sephora Credit Card Accounts are issued by Comenity Capital Bank.

Sephora Visa® Credit Card Accounts are issued by Comenity Capital Bank pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. Visa is a registered trademark of Visa International Service Association and used under license.