Terms of Use
Shabdkosh
®
English and Indian Language Dictionaries
Finder
Translate
Scan
Premium
The on-screen keyboard can be used to type English or Indian language words.
The keyboard uses the ISCII layout developed by the Government of India. It is also used in Windows, Apple and other systems. There is a base layout, and an alternative layout when the Shift key is pressed. If you have any questions about it, please contact us.
Terms of Use and Policies
Information about the terms and conditions that govern your use of this site and associated native apps for various platforms, and the policy on user privacy that we follow while providing the services.
Subscriptions and Digital Products
Premium Subscriptions and Fees
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Copyright
Disclaimer of Liability
Links to Third Party Sites
Trademark
Privacy Policy
SHABDKOSH Website Privacy Policy
SHABDKOSH Mobile App Privacy Policy
SHABDKOSH Alexa Skill Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Updated on August 19, 2022
These terms and conditions (the ‘Terms’) govern your use of any or all of the documents that comprise the Web sites known as shabdkosh.com and/or shabdkosh.org (the “Web site”). Please read through the Terms. If you do not agree with the Terms, then do not use the Web site. If you do use the Web site, then your use indicates that you agree to be bound by the Terms. Changes may be made in these terms and conditions at any time and without notice; users are bound by such revisions and should therefore visit this page periodically to review the current Terms and Conditions.
Copyright
Updated on January 24, 2009
Unless otherwise specified, the copyright in the contents of all of the documents on this Web site is owned by the owner(s) of the domains of the Web site and all rights are reserved. Title to copyright in the contents of all of the documents on this Web site will at all times remain with the copyright owner. Users are permitted to copy some material for their personal use as private individuals only. No part of the data is to be republished either on another Web site or in any other medium, print, electronic or otherwise, or as part of any commercial service, without the prior written permission of the copyright owner. If you require any further information on permitted use, then please use the
contact
form.
SHABDKOSH Website Privacy Policy
Updated on August 19, 2022
The www.shabdkosh.com web site or its alternative website such as m.shabdkosh.com (the “web site”) records information about registered users such as their username, password, email, their activities on the user forums and messages sent to owners of the website and to other users. This web site also records the IP address and/or username of users that contribute/vote or use the contribute system in the collaborative dictionary. The server(s) on which this web site is hosted also records the IP address and surfing activity (including but not limited to the queries searches in the dictionary). The search queries, frequency of searches and the user agent (browser, automated browsing software, spiders) activity is monitored to detect systematic copying of content (which is considered violation of copyright). At no time and under no circumstance is any available personally identifiable information of the users (registered or otherwise) is shared with 3rd parties for commercial gain.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, visit
Google ad and content network privacy policy
.
Specifically, Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to the users of this site based on their visit to this site and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the
Google ad and content network privacy policy
.
Disclaimer of Liability
Updated on August 19, 2022
Great efforts are made to ensure the accuracy of the information on this Web site, but this does not guarantee that there are no errors. The documents and information provided on this Web site may contain technical inaccuracies and typographical errors. The information provided may at times be out of date or inaccurate. The content of this website may be modified without notice. No claims, promises or warranties, express or implied, are made about the accuracy, completeness or fitness for purpose of any material on this Web site. No claims, promises or warranties, express or implied, are made about the reliability of the access to this Web site. No liability of any description is accepted, including liability for negligence, for any direct, indirect, special or consequential damages or losses (including but not limited to loss of business, revenue, profits, or consequential loss) resulting from the use of or the inability to use this Web site. Liability for errors and omissions in the contents of this Web site is expressly disclaimed. No liability is accepted for any failure to keep the information in these documents up-to-date, and no responsibility is accepted for keeping the information in these documents up-to-date. The material in this Web site does not constitute advice and you should not rely on any material in this Web site to make (or refrain from making) any decision or take (or refrain from taking) any action. Nothing that can have an adverse effect on the User
Links to Third Party Sites
Updated on August 19, 2022
This Web site contains links to other Web sites which are not under the control of and are not maintained by the owners of the Web site. No responsibility is accepted for the content of those sites. These links are provided for your convenience only, and the material on these sites is not necessarily endorsed.
Trademark
Updated on February 16, 2012
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the “Trademarks”) displayed on shabdkosh.com, shabdkosh.in and m.shabdkosh.com (Web Site) are registered and unregistered trademarks of its affiliates and others. You can view trademarks owned related to this Web Site by on Trademarkia at this link:
http://www.trademarkia.com/shabdkosh-85513305.html
. Nothing contained on this Web Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on this Web Site without the written permission of or such third party that may own the trademark displayed on this Web Site. Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on this Web Site, or any other content on this Web Site, except as provided herein, is strictly prohibited.
SHABDKOSH Mobile App Privacy Policy
Updated on August 19, 2022
The Shabdkosh App (the “app”) for iOS, Android, Windows Phone and Windows 8 transmits information about users such as their IP address, their access and time of such access of Shabdkosh.com online dictionary or locally installed data/files. The server(s) from which such services are provided may also record the queries searched. The search queries, frequency of searches and the user agent activity is monitored to detect systematic copying of content, which is considered violation of copyright.
At no time and under no circumstance is any available personally identifiable information of the users (registered or otherwise) is shared with 3rd parties for commercial or non-commercial purposes.
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you use the app. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, visit
Google ad and content network privacy policy
.
Specifically, Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to the users of this site based on their visit to this site and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the
Google ad and content network privacy policy
.
The app may also provide advertising from Microsoft Advertising program or from the inMobi Advertising. Please refer to respective privacy policies for the advertisements you may see in this app.
SHABDKOSH Alexa Skill Privacy Policy
Updated on February 11, 2021
We do not sell or share the data that our users provide with third parties. However, our services are often delivered through third party platforms, such as the Echo devices by Amazon with the Alexa Voice Assistant built in. We do not own the technology or the trademarks for these platforms but we do control the information and data use of our services. Here, you can learn how we use your data.
Privacy Policy
SHABDKOSH.COM offers its services(“Service”) via Alexa Skill as free or freemium app. We provide these services at no cost and is intended for use as is, however purchases may be available within the skill if the user wishes to access premium features.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at SHABDKOSH.COM unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request is will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Alexa Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Premium Subscriptions and Fees
Updated on February 11, 2021
There are multiple tiers of the services that we provide. If you decide to purchase subscription to higher tier of services that renew with varying periodicity (as mentioned in the subscription details), you can access the advanced services as per the offering of the respective subscription.
We monitor the uptake and usage of various subscription offering and reserve the rights to modify the services offered and increase or decrease the price associated with the subscription products. You have the rights to review and manage subscriptions on our site and/or in the subscription management settings provided in the respective platform for which you have purchased the subscription.
If you select subscriptions, the subscription will automatically renew at the end of each subscription period. If you proceed with a Renewal, the method of payment used to pay the Fees will be debited at the end of your current Premium subscription. If you select Lifetime Premium subscription, this will be charged as a one-off upfront payment without any renewals. Lifetime Premium subscription constitutes three years or until the date we cease to commercially offer the Services.
You acknowledge that and change in fee schedule of the subscription will not affect your existing paid subscription. If you have signed up for at a certain fee, any fee changes will not affect any current subscription or any Renewals.
Please note that if you have purchased the subscription through Apple iTunes or our iPhone/iPad applications, the following conditions apply for renewals of Premium subscription:
1. Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period. Your account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period.
2. Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user’s Account Settings after purchase. The subscription cannot be managed by us as we do not have any billing or your contact details.
Your Subscription may start with a free trial. The free trial period for any Subscription will last for the period of time specified when you signed up. Free trials may not be combined with certain other offers, as specified. If you begin your subscription with a free trial, the first billing day will be the day after the free trial expires. However, no charges will be made if you cancel the subscription prior to the end of your free trial period. You may cancel your membership at any time by going to your account settings.
Refunds
* We cannot provide refunds for Apple App Store payments, as these are managed by Apple. You can manage subscriptions in the iTunes and/or App Store settings.
* We do not provide refunds after 14 days of the original purchase.
* We may not be able to refund you, or there may be a delay in issuing you a refund if you have paid the Fees using third party scripts or products that do not enable us to contact you or provide a way to issue refunds.
SHABDKOSH Apps
Android
iOS
Sign In / Sign Up
Shabdkosh
Account
Saved Words
Bookmark words to revisit and review them anytime later.
Custom Word Lists
Build personalized word lists and learn through quizzes and training
                            sessions.
Track List Progress
See how much you’ve learned with completion and progress
                            tracking.
Higher Translation Limits
Unlock increased daily translation capacity for uninterrupted
                            learning.
Sign In
Sign Up
Sign In
Email
Password
Remember Me
Forgot password?
Login
Create an Account
Terms of service
All messages posted at this site express the views of the author, and do not necessarily reflect the views of the owners and administrators
                  of this site. By registering at this site you agree not to post any messages that are obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, or that violate any laws. We will
                  permanently ban all users who do so. We reserve the right to remove, edit, or move any messages for any reason.
I accept these terms
Shabdkosh
Ad Blocker Detected!
If you want to access full services of
shabdkosh.com
Please help Us by disabling your ad blockers.
or try our SHABDKOSH Premium for ads free experience.
Allow ads
SHABDKOSH Premium
Steps to disable Ads Blockers.
Click on ad blocker extension icon from browser's toolbar.
Choose the option that disables or pauses Ad blocker on this page.
Refresh the page.
Word Finder
English
Hindi
Kannada
Marathi
All words
2-Letter
3-Letter
4-Letter
5-Letter
6-Letter
7-Letter
8-Letter
9-Letter
10-Letter
11-Letter
12-Letter
13-Letter
14-Letter
Starting with
Ending with
Containing exactly
Containing the letters
Find Words
Back to top
Language Resources
Vocabulary Quiz
Games
Classroom
Browse
Tools
Translate
Word Finder
Scan
Proof Reader
Support
About
Help
Contact
Premium
Get our Apps
© 2026 SHABDKOSH.COM, All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
38/0.2531/2
Liked Words
Login to get your liked words.
Login
Shabdkosh
Premium
Ad Free Experience
Enjoy uninterrupted learning without any distractions.
Unlimited Translations
Translate as much as you like with no daily limit.
Bilingual Definitions & Synonyms
Explore definitions and synonyms in both languages.
Vocabulary Lists & Quizzes
Access curated word lists and test your learning.
Subscribe
Not Now
Settings
Mode
Light
Dark
Auto
Theme
Font Size
A
+
A
-
Default Size
Cancel
Apply