Sky Business Website Terms & Conditions
These Terms of Use apply to Your use of this website, being skyconnect.uk ("the Sky Site"), which for the avoidance of doubt includes all related links, subpages and tabs capable of being accessed via the Sky Site and any forms or features made available for users thereon.

By using the Sky Site You agree to be bound by the Terms of Use existing at the time. If You do not agree to be bound by these Terms of Use (including any changes or updates We make to them) You must stop using the Sky Site. Different terms of use may apply for other Sky websites or platforms we make available to You so we recommend You check each time You access such sites.

We reserve the right to suspend, withdraw or change the Sky Site and/or these Terms of Use at any time and so We recommend that You check this page regularly and review any changes We make. We will include the date on which the Terms of Use were last updated by Sky Business but we recommend that You save a copy of these Terms of Use (including any updates we make) for Your records in case You should need to refer to them in future.

1. Definitions

In these Terms of Use the following expressions shall have the meanings stated below:

"Sky Site" shall have the meaning set out above.

"We/Us" means Sky Business, a division of Sky UK Limited (Company Registration No. 2906991) of Grant Way, Isleworth, Middlesex TW7 5QD and "Our" shall be interpreted accordingly.

"You/Your" or "User" means the individual that accesses the Sky Site (or the owner of the computer or device used to access the Sky Site if the individual that accessed the Sky Site cannot be identified or located).

“Digital iD” shall have the meaning set out in clause 8.1 below.

2. Acceptable use

You agree that any use by You of the Sky Site shall be solely for the purpose of reviewing information related to products and services Sky may provide to Your business (and where applicable, ordering the same and managing Your relationship with Sky in relation to them) and that You will not:

2.1 share or transmit through the Sky Site any defamatory, threatening, obscene, harmful, pornographic or otherwise illegal material which might cause harm or distress;

2.2 share or transmit through the Sky Site any material which would violate or infringe in any way upon our rights or those of others;

2.3 post or transmit any information or software containing a virus, worm, Trojan horse, or other damaging or destructive component;

2.4 provide false or misleading information about Yourself or Your business (or any other individual or business) or otherwise commit fraud or other unlawful activity;

2.5 copy, download, reproduce, republish, scrape, extract or otherwise obtain any material on the Sky Site for use on or within a third-party Website or application (including by providing a link to the Sky Site on the same);

2.6 allow any individual that is not authorised to act on your behalf, to use Your computer or device to access the Sky Site, nor disclose any username or password required to view and/or change information relating to You on the Sky Site;

2.7 delay in changing and notifying Us if You become aware that any username or password information that is personal to You has been compromised or is in the possession of someone that is not authorised to act on your behalf;

2.8 to the extent not already covered here, do anything that affects the operability or security of the Sky Site or causes unreasonable inconvenience or offence or disruption to our staff.

You acknowledge that if You request Sky to provide products and services to your business via the Sky Site, if the order is accepted by Sky, the terms relating to the order and any obligations You owe to Sky in respect of it shall be as communicated to You at the time you place the order and later confirmed to You in writing by Sky. For details of the standard terms and conditions which form part of your Subscription Agreement for Sky’s products and services please see our Subscription Terms & Conditions.

3. Sky’s responsibility to You in respect of the Sky Site

You acknowledge and agree that whilst Sky will endeavour to provide the Sky Site using reasonable care (including to update the information on the Sky Site) unless We have entered into a separate contract with You stating otherwise:

3.1 We will not be responsible or liable for the content, accuracy, timing or reliability of any information or statements contained within or on the Sky Site;

3.2 The information contained on the Sky Site does not constitute any form of advice or recommendation to You and Sky makes no representation or warranty in relation to it;

3.3 Sky does not promise that the Sky Site will operate without interruption or delay or will be error free, free of viruses or bugs or is compatible with any other software or material;

3.4 We will not be responsible for the availability of any third-party websites or material You access through the Sky Site;

3.5 Sky does not endorse or determine any content, advertising, products or services on or available from such third-party Websites or material;

3.6 You are responsible for any dealings between You and any third-party advertisers or merchants found on or via the Sky Site. Except where it would be unlawful to do so, Sky shall have no liability to You for any loss or damage You or any third party may suffer as a result of Your use of the Sky Site and all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms relating to the Sky Site are hereby excluded.

4. Intellectual Property Rights

You agree that:

4.1 All copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in all material or content supplied as part of the Sky Site shall remain at all times vested in Us or Our licensors;

4.2 You will not commercially exploit or create derivative works of such material or content and You will notify Us immediately if You become aware of such activity; and

4.3 In respect of any materials You provide to Us when using the Sky Site, You grant Sky an irrevocable, perpetual, royalty free right to use the same as Sky may reasonably determine for the provision of Sky’s products and services.

5. Your liability to Sky

When You use the Sky Site You agree that:

5.1 Your use is for purposes which are wholly or mainly for the benefit of Your trade, business craft or profession (whether acting personally as a sole trader or on behalf of a registered business); and

5.2 You will indemnify Us immediately on demand against all claims, liability, losses, costs and expenses (including legal fees) We incur (either directly or indirectly) as a result of a breach by You of these Terms of Use.

6. Suspension & Termination

If You breach or We have reasonable grounds to believe that You are likely to breach these Terms of Use or You otherwise engage in conduct which We determine in Our sole discretion to be unacceptable, We reserve the right (as We determine appropriate) to immediately suspend and/or terminate Your use of the Sky Site.

7. General

You acknowledge that:

7.1 These Terms of Use and any disputes or claims arising out of them shall be governed by English law and the English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle the same (unless You live in Scotland or Northern Ireland in which case the governing law shall be the law of the applicable country and referred to the appropriate court);

7.2 If any court or regulator decides that any provision of these Terms of Use is invalid or otherwise unenforceable, such provisions shall be severed and deleted but the remaining Terms of Use shall (to the extent applicable) continue to have full force and effect;

7.3 These Terms of Use apply solely between Us and You such that no third party shall benefit from them. Where applicable Sky may transfer its rights and obligations under this Contract to an Affiliate or another company or person provided that doing so will not adversely affect your rights;

7.4 If You wish to make a complaint about the way Sky has provided the Service to You then You should follow our complaints procedure as set out in Sky Business' Complaints Code of Practice.

7.5 If are not fully satisfied with Our response, please let us know and We will escalate Your complaint within Sky for further review. Alternatively You may refer Your complaint to the Centre for Effective Dispute Resolution (“CISAS”). Further information about CISAS and how You can contact them is available at www.cedr.com/cisas; and

7.6 In respect of any personal data which You provide to Sky in the course of using the Sky Site you give permission for Sky to use Your information for the purposes described in Sky Business' Privacy Notice.

8. Sky Business Digital iD

This clause 8 applies to visitors using a Sky Business Digital iD on skyconnect.uk in addition to the terms and conditions which precede and follow this section. Attention is drawn in particular to clauses 2 (acceptable use) and 5 (your liability to Sky) above.

8.1 Registration etc. In order to participate in parts of skyconnect.uk, registration for a digital iD is required (“Digital iD”). You must be a Sky Business customer in order to register as the primary user but can nominate up to 4 guest users. If You (as the primary user) provide Sky with a guest user's personal data then You, as the data controller, are responsible for obtaining the guest user's consent to share their personal data with Sky for the purposes described in the Privacy Notice and ensuring the personal data is accurate.

When your order is placed, Sky will send you an invite to register for a Sky Digital iD. To register as the primary user, you are required to provide us with accurate and complete details. You must provide a valid email address when placing your order and choose a password and passphrase. You must also provide a valid email address for any guest user you nominate. Any guest user must also choose a password and passphrase. You won’t be able to sign up for a Digital iD unless you complete the verification process in accordance with our email instructions and setup process.

8.2 Username and password. Your username will be the email address that you provided when ordering the service or, if you are a guest user, the email address for you provided by the primary user when inviting you to register for a Digital iD. Your password must comply with the password standards and rules on the registration page from time to time. When choosing a password a minimum of 8 and a maximum of 64 characters including both alphanumeric characters, symbols and varied cases must be used without any spaces. It is advisable not to use obvious dictionary words e.g. password or consecutive numbers or letters or obvious personal information such as children's name, pets’ names or date of birth. Password should not be the same as the username, name or email address and should not be re-used when choosing a new password.

Each registered user is responsible for the security and proper use of their username and password and must not disclose either to any third party (whether directly, via a Website or application interface or otherwise). It is each registered user's responsibility to change their password immediately if they believe it has been compromised. It is also advisable to change these details frequently even if not considered compromised.

8.3 Passphrase. You must set up a passphrase to contact our Customer Services Team. You will be prompted to set up a passphrase when you register your Digital iD. You will not be able to complete the registration process unless you have set up a passphrase.

8.4 Termination or suspension. We may suspend or terminate a user's account registration if these Terms of Use or the Subscription Terms & Conditions are breached.

8.5 Cancellation. If you cancel your order or terminate the service, you (the primary user) and any guest users will immediately lose access to your Digital iD(s) and any related parts of the Sky Site.

8.6 Guest Users. If a guest user is removed from a digital account (by the primary user or, on request, by the guest user themselves) they will immediately lose access to their Digital ID and any related parts of the Sky Site.

Last updated: 21 July 2023