Sky.com and Sky Identity terms and conditions
These Terms and Conditions shall apply to Your use of Sky’s websites, platforms, services, products and apps including sky.com (a “Sky Service”) and use of your Sky iD, username or equivalent (“Sky Identity”) on any Sky Service.

By using a Sky Service or your Sky Identity You agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set out below. You may also be bound by other terms and conditions when using a Sky Service or Sky Identity which you must agree to use that Sky Service in which case those terms shall apply in relation to any inconsistency between them.

We may change these Terms and Conditions from time to time and so you should check these regularly. Your use of the Sky Service and/or your Sky Identity will be deemed an acceptance of the terms existing at that time.

Sky Service

1. Definitions
"You" means you, the user of a Sky Service and "Your" shall be interpreted accordingly. "We/Us" means Sky UK Limited of Grant Way, Isleworth, Middlesex TW7 5QD and "Our" shall be interpreted accordingly. “Content” includes, but is not limited to, any text, video, audio, multimedia or photographs which may be provided via a Sky Service. "Sky Service" and “Sky Identity” shall have the meanings as set out above. "User Information" means the personal details, which may be provided by You to Us via a Sky Service. "Users" means the users of a Sky Service collectively and/or individually as the context admits. "Website and App" means a site on the World Wide Web or an app. “Sky” means Sky UK Limited or any of its subsidiaries.

2. Acceptable Use
You agree that any use by You of any Sky Service or of your Sky Identity shall be in accordance with the following conditions:

2.1 You will not post or transmit through any Sky Service or using your Sky Identity or use any Sky Service for any defamatory, threatening, obscene, harmful, pornographic or otherwise illegal material (including any illegal content or content that is harmful to children, as defined in the Online Safety Act 2023) or material which would violate or infringe in any way upon our rights or those of others (including intellectual property rights, rights of confidentiality, or rights of privacy) or cause distress or inconvenience. You must not express opinions that are vulgar, crude, sexist, racist, unproven or unfounded allegations (especially of wrongdoing) or otherwise offensive. Always treat other Users with respect.

2.2 You must not use a Sky Service to upload, post, or otherwise transmit any content that includes any of the following inappropriate content:

a) Any personal information belonging either to you or another person, such as full name, address, phone number, email address;

b) Spam, such as advertisements for other websites and services, or other commercial solicitation; chain letters, pyramid schemes, polls or petitions;

c) Flooding the forum boards with excessive posts, meaningless posts, posts unrelated to the topic or padding posts;

d) Discussions that veer off topic, are unrelated to resolving the issue at hand, are repetitive or campaigning, that promote products or services from other providers, or abuse any company or product;

e) Repetitive or continuous complaints about Sky policy;

f) Discussions of moderator actions on the boards. If you need to comment on a moderator action, please message any administrator/moderator;

g) Posting or transmitting any information or software containing a virus, worm, Trojan horse, or other damaging or destructive component;

h) Posting a link directing users to any information or content that, if posted on the Sky Service would constitute a violation of any guidelines or terms of use. Sky is not responsible for the content of any third party websites and users use of any hypertext links posted on the forum at their own risk.

i) Attacks, including "Flaming", of another user in such a way as to incite or perpetuate arguments or conflict; creating usernames to attack other users' identities; impersonating other individuals or falsely representing one's identity or qualifications; posts made under secondary user names or other aliases for the purpose of either endorsing or denigrating others; posts that breach any participant's privacy by including name, address, phone, email address, or any other identifying information.

j) Include URLs of third party websites which may contain offensive or illegal material.

k) Break the law, or encourage/support breaking the law. This includes libel, contempt of court, mandatory export controls or sanctions, human trafficking or slavery, and breach of copyright.

l) Discussions regarding active UK court cases.

m) Advice that if followed could result in bodily injury or harm.

n) Discussions regarding products and/or services that are part of an NDA (Non-Disclosure Agreement).

2.3 You must not evade bans or suspensions or otherwise disregard directions from moderators or administrators.

2.4 You agree not to use any Sky Site (or any part of it) or your Sky Identity to:

a) Solicit personal information, email addresses, contact information, passwords or other personally identifying information.

b) Solicit participation in public discussion, debate, comment or activity outside the Sky Site;

c) Provide false or misleading information about yourself or your business, or create a false identity or use or attempt to use another’s account or identity.

2.5 We reserve the right to manage your postings on a Sky Service to provide an orderly presentation of this information and to ensure it is appropriate. To effectively manage the site, Sky may designate employees or others to act as moderators and administrators for the site ("Moderators"). These Moderators are the only representatives of Sky that are authorised to manage the Sky Communities. Any Sky employees who are not designated as Moderators or Employees are not authorised to represent themselves on the site as Sky employees. Authorised Sky Employees are distinguished by the Rank of "Employee" and/or an official Sky logo as an Avatar. Sky is not responsible for content provided by any Sky employee who is not designated as a Moderator or an Employee.

2.6 You will not post or otherwise make available on any Sky Service or using your Sky Identity any material, which You do not own without the express permission of the owner of the material unless you have the legal right to do so without that permission.

2.7 You will not copy, download, reproduce, republish, frame, broadcast, transmit in any manner whatsoever, any material on any Sky Service or using your Sky Identity unless it is necessary for Your own personal non-commercial home use unless Sky has expressly agreed that it is a service which may be used for commercial or business purposes.

2.8 You will not access, search and/or collect data from, or attempt to access, search and/or collect data from, any Sky Service or using your Sky Identity, or any services provided via, or in relation to, a Sky Service or using your Sky Identity, by any means (whether automated or manual) unless Sky has given its express written authorisation to do so. This means that, among other things, (a) you may not use any robots, bots, spiders, crawlers, devices, scripts or other data gathering or extraction software and/or tools, whether automated or manual, to access, acquire, copy, monitor, scrape, data mine, or aggregate any Content or any portion of the Sky Service for any purpose, and (b) you may not use any Content for the purpose of directly or indirectly training, developing or improving a software tool or service, including any artificial intelligence tool, model, system or platform.

2.9 You will abide by the specific rules of any competition or promotion that You participate in on or via each Sky Service. Unless we tell you otherwise, all prize draws and competitions offered via a Sky Service are not open to people resident outside the United Kingdom.

2.10 You will not do anything that affects the operability or security of any Sky Service or causes unreasonable inconvenience or offence or disruption to our staff.

3. Third Party Websites and Apps
3.1 You acknowledge and agree that We are not responsible for the availability of any third party Websites, Apps or material You access through a Sky Service or using your Sky Identity.

3.2 We do not endorse and shall not be held responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or services on or available from such third party Websites, Apps or material.

3.3 Any dealings between You and any third party advertisers or merchants on a Third Party Website and App found on or via a Sky Service or using your Sky Identity, including payment for and delivery of products, services and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are made between You and the relevant advertiser or merchant. Therefore, We are not responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as the result of any such dealings. Where You purchase goods or services directly from Us, the Sky Products and Accessories T&Cs will usually apply.

4. Intellectual Property
4.1 All copyright, trade marks and all other intellectual property rights in all material or content supplied as part of a Sky Service or using your Sky Identity shall remain at all times vested in Us or Our licensors. You are permitted to use this material or content only as expressly authorised in writing by Us or Our licensors. You will not, and You will not assist or facilitate any third party to, copy, reproduce, transmit, distribute, frame, commercially exploit or create derivative works of such material or content unless you have the owner’s permission or a legal right to do so without that permission.

4.2 If You become aware of any such distribution or commercial exploitation, You agree to notify Us immediately.

4.3 You acknowledge that by posting materials on a Sky Service You grant to Us and Our licensors and assigns an irrevocable, perpetual, royalty free, worldwide licence to use the materials within that Sky Service and in any other manner which we may reasonably require. The licence extends to copying, distributing, broadcasting, and otherwise transmitting, and adapting and editing the materials.

5. Liability for and information provided on a Sky Service
5.1 Material which is posted on any bulletin boards or chat forums is written by Users and We are not responsible for and do not endorse such material. We reserve the right to monitor the contributions made and may respond to or comment upon communications made by You and edit, refuse to post, or remove any content from the bulletin boards and chat forums in our absolute discretion. No failure to remove particular material constitutes an endorsement or acceptance of it by Us.

5.2 We will not be held responsible or liable for the content, accuracy, timing or reliability of any information or statements contained within a Sky Service or which you obtain using your Sky Identity, or for statements, advice and/or opinions made or given by Users on the bulletin boards and chat forums (except as required by law). If You have any claim arising from the actions or statements of another User, You agree to pursue such a claim only against that User and not against Us or any of our suppliers.

5.3 We will endeavour to provide each Sky Service using all reasonable care. Except as required by law, We will not be responsible or liable for the quality, accuracy or fitness for a particular purpose of any Sky Service and do not promise that the material contained in a Sky Service, or any of the functions contained in a Sky Service or its server will operate without interruption or delay or will be error free, free of viruses or bugs or is compatible with any other software or material.

5.4 We will be liable for any fraudulent misrepresentations We make and for any death or personal injury caused by Our negligence. We will not be responsible or liable to You for any other loss or damage that You or any third party may suffer as a result of using or in connection with Your use of the Sky Service.

6. Safety
When using any Sky Service, in particular any bulletin boards or chat forums, You should always take the following precautions:

6.1 When using any Sky Service, in particular any bulletin boards or chat forums, You should always take the following precautions:

(a) keep Your identity private. Do not give out Your full name, postal address, telephone number, e-mail address, the name of Your place of work or study or any other information (other than that specifically requested by Us), that could help someone discover Your actual identity; (b) never meet with someone You meet online. (c) do not reply to any messages that are hostile, rude or inappropriate, or in any way make You feel uncomfortable.

6.2 By accessing and/or posting any content on chat forums You state that You are at least 18 years old which is the minimum age required to access and use the chat forums.

6.3 We are committed to protecting users of Sky Services and preventing the sharing via the Sky Community forum or any other chat forums we offer of illegal content and content that is harmful to children, including as defined in the Online Safety Act 2023. Sky Community forum and any other chat forums we offer are subject to stringent content moderation processes to identify, report and remove such content, including:

a) Terrorism-related to content b) Child sexual exploitation and abuse material c) Other priority illegal content, which includes harassment, stalking, threats and abuse offences; coercive and controlling behaviour; hate offences; intimate image abuse; sexual exploitation of adults; unlawful immigration; human trafficking; fraud and financial offences; proceeds of crime; assisting or encouraging suicide; drugs and psychoactive substances; weapons offences; foreign interference and animal welfare d) Primary Priority content, which includes pornographic content and content encouraging or promoting suicide, deliberate self-injury or an eating disorder e) Priority content, which includes • Content which targets race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, disability, gender re-assignment • Content which incites hatred against people based on race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, disability, gender re-assignment • Content which encourages or promotes serious violence against a person • Bullying content • Content which depicts real or realistic serious violence against a person or serious injury of a person in graphic detail • Content which depicts real or realistic serious violence against an animal or serious injury of an animal in graphic detail • Content which realistically depicts serious violence against a fictional creature or the serious injury of a fictional creature in graphic detail • Content which encourages, promotes or provides instructions for a challenge or stunt highly likely to result in serious injury to the person who does it or to someone else • Content which encourages a person to ingest, inject, inhale or in any other way self-administer a physically harmful substance or a substance in such a quantity as to be physically harmful

f) Other content (not listed above) of a kind which presents a material risk of significant harm to children

6.4 Sky uses the following content moderation processes to identify, report and remove the types of illegal and harmful content identified above:

a) Automated moderation filters which filter out bad language, personally identifiable information, and flooding/repeat posts before they appear on the forums b) Automated moderation tools which detect and swiftly remove illegal or harmful content from the forums. This content is then checked by human moderators for false positives c) Human moderators who (i) detect and remove illegal or harmful text after it has been posted and (ii) review all images and video prior to their being made visible on the chat forums d) Users of the forums can also report posts using the Report Post button. These reports are reviewed by human moderators who will swiftly remove any content deemed illegal or harmful e) Where appropriate, we will report instances of illegal or harmful content to the relevant authorities.

6.5 If We reasonably believe that You have used the forums to share any content that Sky considers to be illegal or harmful, We reserve the right to restrict or terminate Your use of any Sky Identity in accordance with section 8.

6.6 You have the right to bring a claim for breach of contract if:

(a) user-generated content which You share using the Sky Community forum is taken down, or access to it is restricted, in breach of these terms and conditions, or (b) You are suspended or banned from using the Sky Community forum in breach of these terms and conditions.

6.7 If You wish to raise a concern about:

(a) content that has been shared by another person using the Sky Community forum; (b) Sky removing or restricting access to content that has been shared by You using the Sky Community forum; (c) a restriction of Your access to the Sky Community forum based on content You have shared on those forums being deemed by Sky to be illegal or harmful to children; or (d) Sky’s compliance with its online safety duties, You can email us at onlinesafetycomplaints@sky.uk, or contact us via any of the other methods set out on the ‘Complaints’ page on sky.com. To find out more about how we deal with Your complaints, read Our ‘Complaints Code of Practice’ which you will also find on the ‘Complaints’ page on sky.com.

7. Indemnity
If you are a business User, You agree to indemnify Us, and/or any of Our affiliates and Our and their officers, directors and employees, immediately on demand, against all claims, liability, damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees, arising out of any breach of these terms and conditions by You or any other liabilities arising out of Your use of any Sky Service or your Sky Identity.

8. Termination
We reserve the right to restrict or terminate Your use of any Sky Identity if You breach or We have reasonable grounds to believe that You are likely to breach these terms and conditions or We have reasonable ground to believe that the account is being operated by or on behalf of an organisation proscribed under section 3 of the Terrorism Act 2000.

9. Feedback
Should You wish to make any comments to Us about any Sky Service or if You have any questions relating to the same please contact Us using the Feedback Form on sky.com.

10. Sky Identity
10.1 Section 10 applies to anyone visting a Sky Service or using a Sky Identity on any Sky platform, such as Sky.com or any Sky hardware, or any Website and App in addition to the terms and conditions which precede and follow this section and/or any other terms and conditions that may apply to that platform.

10.2 In order to use a Sky Service you may be required to register with us and comply with our privacy & cookies notice

10.3 Each registered user is responsible for the security and proper use of their user name and password and must not disclose either to any third party. It is each registered user's responsibility to change their password immediately if they believe it has been compromised. It is also advisable to change these details frequently even if not considered compromised.

10.4 If your account registration profile is unused for a prolonged period we may delete it from our systems without prior notice to you after a reasonable period. If you want to access Sky.com in the future you would need to re-register your details and create a new user name and password.

11. Software
11.1 Where you use your Sky Identity on any Sky hardware, platform or device (for example but not limited to Sky Glass), you agree that we or our supplier may automatically update any software in that hardware, platform or device for any of the reasons set out below provided that:

a) we reasonably consider that you are not materially disadvantaged by the update; and b) energy consumption of your Sky hardware shall not deteriorate without your express consent at the time of such update. If you do not allow software updates you may not be able to access or use certain features. We will not be liable to you for any losses or damages you incur as a result of not allowing any software updates.

We may update software in order to help improve the security and operation of our technical infrastructure (for example, to prevent misuse of our platform), for valid legal or regulatory reasons, to enable us to continue to provide you with the goods or services in accordance with what we have agreed to provide or as otherwise agreed.

12. General
12.1 Invalidity etc. If any court or regulator decides that any provision of these terms and conditions is invalid or otherwise unenforceable, such provisions shall be severed and deleted from these terms and conditions and the remainder of these terms and conditions shall continue to have full force and effect.

12.2 Governing Law. These terms and conditions, any Sky Service and your use of your Sky Identity are governed by English law and disputes can be dealt with by the English courts unless expressly agreed otherwise or as required by law.

12.3 Third Party Rights. These terms and conditions apply between Us and Users. No other person is entitled to benefit under these Terms and Conditions.

Corporate Information
Sky UK Limited (Registration No. 2906991). Sky-In-Home Service Limited (Registration No. 2067075), and Sky Subscribers Services Limited (Registration No. 2340150) are direct or indirect subsidiaries of Sky UK Limited. Our UK VAT number is 440 6274 67. All the companies mentioned in this paragraph are incorporated in England and Wales and share the same registered office at Grant Way, Isleworth, Middlesex TW7 5QD.

Last Updated: 10/10/2025