Terms of service | Torneo by Sofascore
Terms of service
General terms
By accessing and using any or all of our websites and/or applications (including but not limited to our desktop websites (
https://torneo.sofascore.com
), desktop applications, mobile websites and native mobile applications (including the “Torneo by Sofascore“ application)) (jointly referred to as the
“Platform”
), you confirm that you are in agreement with and bound by the terms of service contained in the Terms & Conditions outlined below. These terms apply to the entire website and any email or other type of communication between you and Sofascore.
These Terms & Conditions are a contract between you and the company Sofa IT d.o.o., with its registered seat in Croatia, Zagreb, Vrbani 4, Croatian PIN: 96366258208, (referred to in these Terms & Conditions as
“Sofascore”
,
“us”
,
“we”
or
“our”
), the provider of the Platform and the services accessible through the Platform (which are collectively referred to in these Terms & Conditions as the
“Torneo Service”
).
Under no circumstances shall Sofascore team be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, including, but not limited to, loss of data or profit, arising out of the use, or the inability to use, the materials on this site, even if Sofascore team or an authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. If your use of materials from this site results in the need for servicing, repair or correction of equipment or data, you assume any costs thereof.
PLEASE NOTE THAT THESE TERMS CONTAIN A MANDATORY VENUE OF DISPUTES PROVISION THAT REQUIRES THE USE OF VENUE ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS ACTIONS.
Sofascore will not be responsible for any outcome that may occur during the course of usage of our resources. We reserve the rights to change prices and revise the resources usage policy at any moment.
Definitions and key terms
To help explain things as clearly as possible in this Terms & Conditions, every time any of these terms are referenced, are strictly defined as:
Cookie: small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. It is used to identify your browser, provide analytics, and remember information about you such as your language preference or login information.
Company: when this terms mention Company, we, us or our it refers to Sofa IT d.o.o., (Vrbani 4, 10 000 Zagreb, Croatia), a limited liability company duly incorporated and existing under the laws of the Republic of Croatia that is responsible for your information under this Terms & Conditions.
Country: where the Company or the owners/founders of the Company are based, in this case is Croatia.
Device: any internet connected device such as a phone, tablet, computer or any other device that can be used to visit the Platform and use the services.
Intellectual Property Rights: without limitation any patent, trademark, trade name, business name (including domain names and URLs), copyright and related rights, registered design, database right, unregistered design right (including rights in semiconductors) or other intellectual or industrial property protection and any application for such protection, and all rights in any secret process, know-how and inventions (whether patentable or registrable or not) or other confidential information in each case whether registered or unregistered and including applications for the grant of such rights and all other rights or equivalent forms of protection anywhere in the world.
Service: refers to the service provided by Sofascore as described in the relative terms (if available) and on the Platform.
Third-party service: refers to advertisers, contest sponsors, promotional and marketing partners, and others who provide our content or whose products or services we think may interest you.
You: a person or entity that is registered with Sofascore to use the Torneo Services.
The section headings used in these Terms are for convenience only and will not be given any legal import.
Platform usage and user engagement
License
Sofascore grants you a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to download, install and use the website/app strictly in accordance with the terms of these Terms for the provision of the Torneo Service.
This license does not include any resale or commercial use of the Platform or its contents; any derivative use of the Platform or its contents; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. Your right to use the Platform is conditioned on your compliance with these Terms.
You agree to be bound by these Terms & Conditions. If you do not agree to these Terms & Conditions, please do not use the Torneo Service. In these Terms & Conditions, “you” refers both to you as an individual and to the entity you represent. If you violate any of these Terms & Conditions, we reserve the right to cancel your account or block access to your account without notice.
The platform
Our Platform is made available free of charge.
Our livescore service provides live scores, statistics of sporting events, and other similar data and information on sporting events. The service includes, among other, real time sport results, final results, match events (venue, attendance, fixtures), information on teams/players, including line-ups, and other.
Your access and use of the Platform may be interrupted from time to time for any of several reasons, including, without limitation, the malfunction of equipment, periodic updating, maintenance, or repair of the Platform or other actions that Sofascore in its sole discretion, may elect to take.
Information displayed on the Platform is based on information provided by third parties, internal efforts or other official applications. Although we endeavor to keep the content of our Platform up-to-date and ensure the accuracy of the results and other information displayed on it, we cannot guarantee the reliability or completeness of the information provided. Therefore, we suggest that you additionally verify the information on our Platform with other sources. Your use of the Platform is at your own risk and responsibility.
By using the Platform, you acknowledge and consent to the display of advertising, which may include third-party advertising.
Certain aspects of the Platform enables users to individually insert the data and results of certain sport events. You agree to use our Torneo Service only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms of Use.
When using the Platform to insert or edit data, you agree to the following obligations:
Guarantee the Accuracy of the Data: You guarantee that all data that you insert or edit in the Platform is true and complete to the best of your knowledge.
Data Protection Obligations: You agree to comply with all applicable data protection laws and regulations when inserting or editing data in the Platform.
No Violation of Rights: You guarantee that the data you insert or edit does not infringe the rights of any third party, including without limitation any intellectual property rights, privacy rights, or any other proprietary or personal rights.
Use of the platform
Sofascore has a strict policy against any fraudulent or inappropriate activity. If we determine, at our sole discretion, that you have engaged in any such activity, including attempting to defraud us or other Platform users, we may suspend or close your account and/or deny you access to the Platform for a specific or indefinite period of time. Please note that we are not responsible for any consequences resulting from such actions, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Restrictions
You agree not to, and you will not permit others to:
License, sell, rent, lease, assign, distribute, transmit, host, outsource, disclose or otherwise commercially exploit the website/app or make the platform available to any third party.
Modify, make derivative works of, disassemble, decrypt, reverse compile or reverse engineer any part of the website/app.
Remove, alter or obscure any proprietary notice (including any notice of copyright or trademark) of Sofascore or its affiliates, partners, suppliers or the licensors of the website/app.
Use the Platform in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation, in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect, or for the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way.
Send or store infringing, obscene, threatening, libelous, or otherwise unlawful or tortious material, including material that is harmful to children or violates third party privacy rights.
Interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of the Platform or the Services or the data contained therein.
Stalk, harass, or harm another individual.
Impersonate any person or entity or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
Engage in any activity which operates to defraud Sofascore, other users, or any other person; or to provide any false, inaccurate, or misleading information to Sofascore or on the Platform; or
Access the Platform from a different address if Sofascore has blocked any of your other addresses from accessing the Platform, unless you have Sofascore's prior written permission.
The Platform is provided only for domestic and private use. You must not use and/or reproduce any of the Platform or any part of the content on our Platform for commercial or business purposes without obtaining a license to do so from Sofascore or our licensors.
You must not use data mining, robots or similar gathering or extraction methods in respect of any content on our Platform.
You must not misuse the Platform by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Platform, the server on which the Platform is stored or any server, computer or database connected to the Platform. You must not attack the Platform via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, your action might represent a criminal offense. Sofascore will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and Sofascore will cooperate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use the Platform ceases immediately.
If you access or use the Platform, you are solely responsible for ensuring that your access and use of the Platform in such country, territory or jurisdiction does not violate any applicable laws.
Your consent
We regularly update our Terms & Conditions to provide you with complete transparency into what is being set when you visit our Platform and how it is being used. By using our Platform or registering an account, you hereby consent to our Terms & Conditions.
The legal basis for the treatment of your data is both the consent you give when registering as well as the fulfillment of the requested service. You will be able to withdraw your consent at any time without that affecting the legality of the treatment based on consent prior to the withdrawal. However, should you withdraw given consent, you will no longer be able to use the Platform. The data will not be passed on to third parties, except legal obligation. The data collected will be stored for the time necessary to attend to your request and until you withdraw your consent.
Your account
Sofascore may require registration of a user account in order to access certain parts or functions of the Platform. Please note that registration on the site may be subject to a minimum age requirement. Failure to register may limit your access to certain content, and some features may not be available to you.
Your access to your account is protected by a unique username and password. You acknowledge that your login credentials may be used to access other websites that are operated by Sofascore or any other person affiliated with us. It is your responsibility to keep the information required to access your user account confidential. You acknowledge that we cannot be held liable for any unauthorized disclosure of this information by you.
Sofascore may restrict your use of your account, especially if you fail to fulfill your obligations under these Terms.
Your account is personal and non-transferable. You therefore undertake not to use any automated means to use the Platform, such as the use of robots or scripts, scraping, crawling, simulation or automated browsing techniques.
You agree to immediately notify Sofascore if you discover or otherwise suspect any security issues related to the Platform or your account by emailing Sofascore with “Reporting Security Issue” in the email subject line.
Your suggestions
In the event that you submit or post any ideas, creative suggestions, designs, photographs, information, advertisements, data or proposals, including ideas for new or improved products, services, features, technologies or promotions, you expressly agree that such submissions will automatically be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and will become the sole property of Sofascore without any compensation or credit to you whatsoever. Sofascore and its affiliates shall have no obligations with respect to such submissions or posts and may use the ideas contained in such submissions or posts for any purposes in any medium in perpetuity, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, and marketing products and services using such ideas.
Sofascore shall be free to use, copy, modify, publish, or redistribute such submissions for any purpose and in any way without any credit or any compensation to you.
Promotions, external links, and data protection
Promotions
Sofascore may, from time to time, include contests, promotions, sweepstakes, or other activities (
“Promotions”
) that require you to submit material or information concerning yourself. Please note that all Promotions may be governed by separate rules that may contain certain eligibility requirements, such as restrictions as to age and geographic location. You are responsible to read all Promotions rules to determine whether or not you are eligible to participate. If you enter any Promotion, you agree to abide by and to comply with all Promotions Rules.
Additional terms and conditions may apply to use of the Services, which terms and conditions are made a part of these Terms by this reference.
Links to other websites
This Terms & Conditions apply only to the Torneo Services we provide. We may display, include or make available third-party content (including data, information, applications and other products services) or provide links to third-party websites or services (
“Third- Party Services”
).
You acknowledge and agree that Sofascore shall not be responsible for any Third-Party Services, including their accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality or any other aspect thereof. Sofascore does not assume and shall not have any liability or responsibility to you or any other person or entity for any Third-Party Services.
Third-Party Services and links thereto are provided solely as a convenience to you and you access and use them entirely at your own risk and subject to such third parties' terms and conditions. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Platform to another website, our Terms & Conditions are no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including those that have a link on our Platform, is subject to that website's own rules and policies. Such third parties may use their own cookies or other methods to collect information about you.
Cookies
Sofascore uses “Cookies” to identify the areas of our website/app that you have visited. A Cookie is a small piece of data stored on your computer or mobile device by your web browser. We use Cookies to enhance the performance and functionality of our website/app but are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionalities may become unavailable or you would be required to enter your login details every time you visit the website/app as we would not be able to remember that you had logged in previously. Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of Cookies. However, if you disable Cookies, you may not be able to access functionality on our website/app correctly or at all. We never place Personally Identifiable Information in Cookies. You can find our Cookie Policy here.
Data protection
Sofascore entirely complies with the Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (
“GDPR”
), and any additional information relating to data protection may be found in the Privacy Policy.
To ensure the protection of all data on the Platform, when you are entering any personal data to the Platform, you shall ensure to have the consent of the data subject's and you are required to provide accurate and complete information when inserting and editing data related to sports events. You acknowledge that any data that you provide on the Platform may be subject to data protection regulations, and you assume all responsibility and liability for complying with such regulations. By providing any personal information or data on the Platform, you represent and warrant that you have obtained such consent. You also agree to indemnify and hold us harmless from any claims, damages, or other liabilities arising from any violation of data protection laws or regulations related to the data that you provide on the Platform.
In addition to the above provision, if you provide data on persons that are to be considered minors in your jurisdiction, you shall ensure to have the consent of the data subject's parent or legal guardian to provide any personal information or data on the Platform. By providing any personal information or data on the Platform, you represent and warrant that you have obtained such consent. You also acknowledge that we do not knowingly collect or store personal information from minors without complying with data protection rules, and we cannot be held liable for any information provided on the Platform by minors without proper consent. If you become aware of any such information provided by a minor without proper consent, please contact us immediately so that we may take appropriate action.
Also, at any time, we have the right to demand that you provide us with evidence that you have obtained,  in the manner prescribed by law, the consent of the persons whose personal data is entered into the Platform. Should you fail to do so, we reserve the right to ban you from using the Platform and/or delete your account entirely.
Modifications to our website/app
Sofascore reserves the right to modify, suspend or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the website/app or any service to which it connects, with or without notice and without liability to you.
Sofascore may from time to time provide enhancements or improvements to the features/ functionality of the website/app, which may include patches, bug fixes, updates, upgrades and other modifications (
“Updates”
).
Updates may modify or delete certain features and/or functionalities of the website/app. You agree that Sofascore has no obligation to (i) provide any Updates, or (ii) continue to provide or enable any particular features and/or functionalities of the website/app to you.
You further agree that all Updates will be (i) deemed to constitute an integral part of the website/app, and (ii) subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms.
Breach, suspension, and termination of services
Breach of these Terms and Conditions
When we consider that a breach of these Terms has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate, including:
immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our Platforms;
issue of a warning to you;
legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach;
further legal action against you;
disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary or as required by law.
We exclude our liability for all action we may take in response to breaches of these Terms. The actions we may take are not limited to those described above, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
Suspension of services
Sofascore is entitled, in its sole discretion, to suspend your account or its Services in the event of reasonable grounds, if you fail to properly fulfill its obligations under these Terms.
If for the purpose of determining the continuation of the Torneo Services and your account you do not provide complete and accurate information in response to such a request, Sofascore may refuse to restore your access to the Platform.
Sofascore may provide you with notice of such action. Sofascore reserves the right to close, suspend or limit access to the Platform in the event Sofascore is unable to obtain and verify such information for monitoring purposes or in the case of your non-compliance with the obligations, representations and warranties from these Terms.
Sofascore reserves the right to take action, with or without advance notice, if Sofascore believes you have violated these Terms, including without limitation removing the ability to use the Platform.
Suspension of Torneo Services shall be for any reasonable period of time required by Sofascore to fully investigate your activity and resolve, to Sofascore's sole satisfaction, the subject of questionable, suspect or fraudulent activities.
The right to extraordinary termination as set hereunder shall remain unaffected by such suspension.
Term and termination
These Terms shall remain in effect until terminated by you or Sofascore.
Sofascore may, in its sole discretion, at any time and for any or no reason, suspend or terminate these Terms with or without prior notice.
These Terms will terminate immediately, without prior notice from Sofascore, in the event that you fail to comply with any provision of these Terms, and especially if:
These Terms shall remain in effect until terminated by you or Sofascore.
you commit (or your representatives or affiliates commit) fraud; or
if it is required to do so due to an amendment of applicable law or due to a decision by a court or a government body.
Sofascore, acting in good faith, believes that you are involved in any activities or omissions that would qualify as a criminal offense pursuant to applicable laws;
you disrupt Sofascore's regular business activities by means of, for example, spoofing, parameter tampering, exploitation of bugs, brute force or denial of service attacks and any other malicious activities.
You may also terminate these Terms by deleting the website/app and all copies thereof from your computer. You may stop using the Torneo Service at any time. You do not need to specifically inform Sofascore when you stop using the Torneo Service. You acknowledge and agree that if Sofascore disables access to your account, you may be prevented from accessing the Torneo Service, your account details or any files or other materials which are contained in your account.
Upon termination of these Terms, you shall cease all use of the website/app and delete all copies of the website/app from your computer.
Termination of these Terms will not limit any of Sofascore's rights or remedies at law or in equity in case of breach by you (during the term of these Terms) of any of your obligations under the present Terms.
Intellectual property, liability, and indemnification
Copyright Infringement Notice
If you are a copyright owner or such owner's agent and believe any material on our website/app constitutes an infringement on your copyright, please contact us setting forth the following information: (a) a physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on his behalf; (b) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing; (c) your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and an email; (d) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material is not authorized by the copyright owners; and (e) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner.
Intellectual property
The website/app and its entire contents, features and functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video and audio, and the design, selection and arrangement thereof), are owned by Sofascore, its licensors or other providers of such material and are protected by Croatia and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other Intellectual Property or proprietary rights laws. The material may not be copied, modified, reproduced, downloaded or distributed in any way, in whole or in part, without the express prior written permission of Sofascore, unless and except as is expressly provided in these Terms & Conditions. Any unauthorized use of the material is prohibited.
You acknowledge and agree that these Terms do not operate to vest in you any right, title or interest to or in the Sofascore's Intellectual Property and you will not attempt to register anywhere in the world any of the trademarks, trade name or service mark or Intellectual Property Right confusingly similar to any of the Sofascore's trademarks or Intellectual Property Rights. Further, you acknowledge that you do not have any rights whatsoever to use or to license or authorize any third party to use any Sofascore's Intellectual Property without the prior written consent of Sofascore.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold Sofascore and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, employees, agents, partners and licensors (if any) harmless from any claim or demand, including attorneys' fees, due to or arising out of your: (a) use of the website/app; (b) violation of these Terms or any law or regulation; or (c) violation of any right of a third party.
No warranties
The website/app is provided to you “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” and with all faults and defects without warranty of any kind. To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, Sofascore, on its own behalf and on behalf of its affiliates and its and their respective licensors and service providers, expressly disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to the website/app, including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, and warranties that may arise out of course of dealing, course of performance, usage or trade practice. Without limitation to the foregoing, Sofascore provides no warranty or undertaking, and makes no representation of any kind that the website/app will meet your requirements, achieve any intended results, be compatible or work with any other software, website/apps, systems or services, operate without interruption, meet any performance or reliability standards or be error free or that any errors or defects can or will be corrected.
Without limiting the foregoing, neither Sofascore nor any Sofascore's provider makes any representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied: (i) as to the operation or availability of the website/app, or the information, content, and materials or products included thereon; (ii) that the website/app will be uninterrupted or error-free; (iii) as to the accuracy, reliability, or currency of any information or content provided through the website/app; or (iv) that the website/app, its servers, the content, or e-mails sent from or on behalf of Sofascore are free of viruses, scripts, trojan horses, worms, malware, timebombs or other harmful components.
Sofascore through the Platform is a distributor and not a publisher of the content supplied by third parties; as such, Sofascore exercises no editorial control over such content and makes no warranty or representation as to the accuracy, reliability or currency of any information, content, service or merchandise provided through or accessible via the Platform. Without limiting the foregoing, Sofascore specifically disclaims all warranties and representations in any content transmitted on or in connection with the Platform or on sites that may appear as links on the Platform, or in the products provided as a part of, or otherwise in connection with, the Platform, including without limitation any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of third party rights. No oral advice or written information given by Sofascore or any of its affiliates, employees, officers, directors, agents, or the like will create a warranty.
Limitation of liability
Notwithstanding any damages that you might incur, the entire liability of Sofascore and any of its suppliers under any provision of these Terms and your exclusive remedy for all of the foregoing shall be limited to the amount lower of the amount you actually paid by you for the website/app or € 1,000.00.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall Sofascore or its suppliers be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, for loss of data or other information, for business interruption, for personal injury, for loss of privacy arising out of or in any way related to the use of or inability to use the website/app, third-party software and/or third-party hardware used with the website/app, or otherwise in connection with any provision of these Terms), even if Sofascore or any supplier has been advised of the possibility of such damages and even if the remedy fails of its essential purpose.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of or limitations on implied warranties or the limitations on the applicable statutory rights of a consumer, so some or all of the above exclusions and limitations may not apply to you.
Miscellaneous
Severability
If any provision of these Terms is held to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.
Waiver
Except as provided herein, the failure to exercise a right or to require performance of an obligation under these Terms shall not affect a party's ability to exercise such right or require such performance at any time thereafter nor shall the waiver of a breach constitute waiver of any subsequent breach.
No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of either party, any right or any power under these Terms shall operate as a waiver of that right or power. Nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right or power under these Terms preclude further exercise of that or any other right granted herein. In the event of a conflict between these Terms and any applicable purchase or other terms, the terms of these Terms shall govern.
Notices
By creating an account, you may consent to receive electronic communications from Sofascore (e.g., via email, push notification, text messages, or other types of messages). These communications may include notices about your account and are part of your relationship with Sofascore. Sofascore may also send you promotional communications via email Sofascore thinks will be of interest to you. You understand that you are not required to provide this consent as a condition of using the Platform and the Services and you may opt out of these communications through the Platform.
You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures or other communications that Sofascore sends you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing, and that any notice sent via email shall be deemed to be received on the following day.
Amendments to these terms
Sofascore reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. You understand and agree that if you use the Service after the date on which these Terms have been updated, Sofascore will treat your use as acceptance of the updated Terms.
We advise you to regularly check these Terms so that you are up to date with possible changes. If you do not agree with updated Terms, you will be able to withdraw your consent at any time in accordance with “Your Consent” part of these Terms.
Entire agreement
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Sofascore regarding your use of the Platform and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous written or oral agreements between you and Sofascore relating to the Torneo Service.
These Terms, together with the Privacy Policy and any other legal notices published by Sofascore on the Platform, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and Sofascore concerning the use of the Torneo Service.
You may be subject to additional terms and conditions that apply when you use or purchase other Torneo's Services, which Sofascore may provide to you at the time of such use or purchase.
Notice of dispute
In the event of a dispute, you or Sofascore must give the other a Notice of Dispute, which is a written statement that sets forth the name, address, and contact information of the party giving it, the facts giving rise to the dispute, and the relief requested. You must send any Notice of Dispute via email to:
[email protected]
. Sofascore will send any Notice of Dispute to you by mail to your address if we have it, or otherwise to your email address. You and Sofascore will attempt to resolve any dispute through informal negotiation within sixty (60) days from the date the Notice of Dispute is sent. After sixty (60) days, you or Sofascore may commence arbitration.
YOU AND SOFASCORE AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE SERVICES MUST COMMENCE WITHIN FOUR (4) MONTHS AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES, I.E. THE NOTICE OF DISPUTE MUST BE DELIVERED WITHIN THE SAID TIME PERIOD TO THE OTHER PARTY. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
Governing law, venue
Please note that these Terms, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by Croatian law.
Each party hereby consents and submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent court located in Zagreb, Croatia and waives any right such party may have to transfer the venue of any such litigation. The prevailing party or parties in any such litigation shall be entitled to recover from the other party all costs and expenses, including without limitation reasonable attorneys' and paralegals' fees, incurred by such party in connection with such litigation.
No agency or assignment of rights
No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of these Terms or your use of any part of the Platform. You do not have any authority whatsoever to bind Sofascore in any respect. Neither Sofascore nor any users of the Platform may direct or control the day-to-day activities of the other, or create or assume any obligation on behalf of the other.
Neither these Terms nor any rights, duties or obligations under it may be assigned, delegated, transferred, or otherwise disposed of by you in whole or in part without the prior written consent of Sofascore. Rights, duties and obligations of Sofascore may be assigned, sublicensed, subcontracted, delegated, transferred or otherwise disposed of, in whole or in part, to an affiliate without your prior written consent.
Contact us
Don't hesitate to contact us if you have any questions.
Via Email:
[email protected]
Via this Link:
https://torneo.sofascore.com/about
Get it on Google Play
Download on the App Store
Check out the Sofascore app
↗
Help center
↗
Cookies
Terms of service
Accessibility policy
Privacy policy
Legal
© 2025 Sofascore —
All Rights Reserved
Co-funded by the European Union