Terms of service | SpaceBattles
New posts
Awards
New threadmarks
Menu
Log in
Register
Navigation
Install the app
Install
More options
Contact us
Close Menu
Check out our
new sibling site
focused on the alternate history genre:
AltHistory.com
!
Announcements
Site rules including terms of service
You are using an out of date browser. It  may not display this or other websites correctly.
You should upgrade or use an
alternative browser
.
Terms of service
Navigation
Site rules including terms of service
Terms of service
Posting of articles
Report procedure
Complaints procedure
Warnings/Infractions and Bans
Crowdfunding rules
Thread collaboration rules
Staff roster
Advisers
The providers ("we", "us", "our") of the service provided by this web site ("Service") are not responsible for any user-generated content and accounts ("Content"). Content submitted express the views of their author only.
You agree to not use the Service to submit or link to any Content which is defamatory, abusive, hateful, threatening, spam or spam-like, likely to offend, contains adult or objectionable content, contains personal information of others, risks copyright infringement, encourages unlawful activity, or otherwise violates any laws.
All Content you submit or upload may be reviewed by staff members. All Content you submit or upload may be sent to third-party verification services (including, but not limited to, spam prevention services). Do not submit any Content that you consider to be private or confidential.
We reserve the rights to remove or modify any Content submitted for any reason without explanation. Requests for Content to be removed or modified will be undertaken only at our discretion. We reserve the right to take action against any account with the Service at any time.
You are granting us with a non-exclusive, permanent, irrevocable, unlimited license to use, publish, or re-publish your Content in connection with the Service. You retain copyright over the Content.
The minimum sign up age for SpaceBattles is 13 years old.
These terms may be changed at any time without notice.
If you do not agree with these terms, please do not register or use this Service.
Share:
Share
Announcements
Site rules including terms of service
Remove this ad space
Back
Top