Terms & Conditions
TERMS AND CONDITIONS (ALL SECTIONS)
Sports Direct Terms and Conditions

WHO WE ARE

If you access or use the Website, including placing an order for goods, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. Please read these terms and conditions carefully before accessing, using and/or ordering any goods from the Website.

You should save a copy of these terms and conditions for future reference and if you have any questions about the Website please contact Customer Service.

The following definitions are used in these terms:

Customer, you

You, the customer accessing and/or using the Website.

Website

www.sportsdirect.com

Seller, us, we 

Purchases paid for using a debit/credit card are sold to you by Wareshop2 Limited (Registered Address: Unit A, Brook Park East, Shirebrook, NG20 8RY. Company Number: 09870840. Registered Location: England. VAT Number: GB 231 5087 33).

Purchases paid for using a credit product provided by Frasers Group Financial Services Limited, such as Frasers Plus, are sold to you by Wareshop3 Limited (Registered Address: Unit A, Brook Park East, Shirebrook, NG20 8RY. Company Number: 12299567. Registered Location: England. VAT Number: 125688644).

Website Operator

SportsDirect.com Retail Ltd. registered address is SportsDirect.com Retail Ltd. Unit A, Brook Park East, Meadow Lane, Shirebrook, NG20 8RY. Company Number 03406347, Registered Location: England.

Customer Service

The customer service team are contactable HERE

2          PLACING AN ORDER

2.1         ADD TO BAG: Select the product(s) you want to buy from the Website (including the size, colour (where applicable) and the quantity (the default will be one (1) unit and there is a limit of ninety-nine (99) units per item). 

2.2       CHECKOUT: Once you have added all of the products you wish to order, click on the "My Bag" icon in the top right hand corner. Review the contents of your bag and make sure all specifications meet your requirements then, click "Continue Securely".

2.3         ACCOUNT/GUEST: Enter your email address. If you already have an account, you will be asked to enter your password to log in, or you can choose to continue as a guest without logging in. If you do not have an account, you will be given the opportunity to register for an account or to continue as a guest. 

2.4       DELIVERY: Select your preferred delivery method. Not all delivery options are available for all products.

2.5       PAYMENT: Select your preferred payment type on our secure payment page. Your payment will be collected from you by, or on behalf of, the Seller (depending which payment option you choose). You may also enter any gift card/vouchers/promo codes on this page. On receipt of your order, an authorisation will be created on your account which will refer to the Website brand. This will show on your bank statement as a reservation of funds which allocates the money to your order, but payment will not be taken until your order has been picked and processed. In the event that your order cannot be fulfilled, a request will be sent to your bank to cancel the authorisation. If the authorisation still remains after several days, please contact your bank to request that they act upon the cancellation of the payment.

2.6       ORDER ACKNOWLEDGEMENT: Following submission of your order you will be sent an automated order acknowledgement to the email address used to place the order. An order acknowledgement does not mean that your order has been accepted. All orders are subject to availability of the products and formal acceptance by the Seller.  

2.7       ORDER SHIPPED: When your order has left our warehouse, you will receive an email confirming your product(s) are on the way to you. This is when a contract for you to purchase the goods from the Seller is formed. The contract to sell goods to you only relates to those goods listed in the confirmation email. By placing an order through the Website, you warrant that you are legally capable of entering into a binding contract.

For further information on PLACING ORDERS please see the FAQ’s HERE

3 DESCRIPTION AND PRICING OF GOODS

3.1       A description of the main characteristics and prices of goods are on the product pages of the Website.

3.2       For Customers based in the UK and the EU: the price includes all applicable taxes.

3.3       For Customers based outside the UK and outside the EU: the prices for goods on the Website may not include all applicable taxes. Please see HERE for further details.

3.4       Prices and offers shown on the Website may vary and may only be available for limited periods. All such prices and offers are subject to availability and may be amended or withdrawn from the Website at our discretion. The prices shown on the Website may differ to prices in our retail stores, catalogues or elsewhere. The Seller is under no obligation to price match goods with different prices. 

3.5       The Website contains a large number of goods and it is possible that, despite our best efforts, some of the goods listed on the Website may be incorrectly priced. If we discover an error in the price of the goods you have ordered, we will inform you as soon as possible. We will give you the option of re-confirming your order at the correct price or cancelling it.

3.6       The Seller is under no obligation to sell incorrectly priced goods to you at the incorrect price.

For further information on PLACING ORDERS please see the FAQ’s HERE

4 DELIVERY

4.1       Delivery costs

4.1.1    Delivery costs are additional to the product price displayed on the Website and vary depending on the delivery method you select, the country of delivery and the quantity/weight of goods ordered. The delivery costs for each product are stated on the relevant product page of the Website.

4.1.2    If your order is particularly heavy it may be subject to extra delivery charges. If any order is subject to extra delivery charges you will be advised of the additional cost before completing your order. You have the option not to proceed with the order if you do not wish to pay any additional delivery costs.

4.1.3    Please note we are currently unable to deliver to PO Boxes.

4.2       Delivery options

4.2.1    The available delivery locations and delivery methods for each product are stated on the relevant product page of the Website.

4.2.2    We always aim to dispatch all goods in stock as quickly as possible. For deliveries in the UK, the maximum delivery lead time for goods is 30 days from the date of your order confirmation email, unless we specifically agree otherwise with you.

4.3       Delivery of pre-order goods

If you pre-order goods with a launch or restocking date, then we will reserve your goods and hold the whole order until the day before the launch or restocking date. We will dispatch the pre-ordered goods via Express Delivery the day before the launch or restocking date, if delivery is within the UK.

4.4       Split delivery

We may split delivery of your order into several parcels. You will not be charged extra for this method of shipping. Any additional consignments for delivery in the UK will be sent using Express Delivery.

For further information on DELIVERY please see the FAQ’s HERE

5 CANCELLATION

5.1       Cancellation period for online purchases

5.1.1    If you wish to cancel your order, please contact the Customer Service team in the first instance, click here to view the available information and contact options. For more information about cancellations, please refer to Clause 5.3 below.

5.1.2    If your order consists of multiple items or parts which are delivered on different days, then the cancellation period (in respect of your whole order) ends on the day, 28 days after the day on which the last of the items or parts are delivered to you (or a person you have nominated to receive the order).

5.1.3     If your order contains items shipped to you by one of our direct suppliers, the cancellation period may differ, please see the dropship/marketplace terms (Brand Partners) HERE

5.2       Purchases which cannot be cancelled

5.2.1    Unless they are defective, faulty or damaged, you may not cancel or return any of the following:

deposits;
personalised or bespoke items (including but not limited to made-to-measure/order goods e.g. furniture);
any items which deteriorate or expire rapidly (including but not limited to perishable goods e.g. foods);
any items that are sealed for health protection or hygiene reasons, if you have unsealed them (including but not limited to cosmetics, duvets, face masks, hats, hosiery, lingerie, mattress protectors, mattresses, underwear, perfumery, personal grooming products, pierced earrings, pillows and swimwear);
any computer games where the seal on the wrapping has been broken; and
any items that have been inseparably mixed after delivery.
5.2.2    Refunds will only be offered in accordance with your statutory rights (which remain unaffected).

5.3       How to cancel

5.3.1    If you wish to cancel your order within 14 days, please complete this cancellation form to notify our Customer Service team and follow the instructions on the form. Please note: if your order has been shipped, you will need to arrange to return the order once received. We shall acknowledge your request on receipt and respond when we have reviewed it. 

5.3.2    If for any reason you are unable to email us. Please print, complete the cancellation form, sign and send it to this address.

Sports Direct
Customer Service
Unit C, 
Brook Park East, 
Meadow Lane, 
Shirebrook, 
NG20 8RY

5.3.3    You can only cancel your whole order, not single items on a multi product order. Personalised items; either on their own or as part of a larger order cannot be cancelled.

5.3.4     On receipt of your return (provided the products are in their original condition upon inspection), we will refund the cost of your outbound delivery costs (your delivery charge). Please note you will need to pay for the return delivery costs if you have already received your items.

For further information on RETURNS please see the FAQ’s HERE

6 RETURNS

6.1       Returning items

6.1.1    You must return your items by post to the Returns Address no later than 28 days from the day after your items are delivered to you (or someone receives the items for you) or you collect your online purchase items from one of our stores (UK Mainland only) to change your mind and return the items back to us. 

6.1.2     Any returns are at your own risk. For your protection, We recommend that you return your items either by courier or by tracked post.

6.1.3    You must pay for any return delivery costs, except where the wrong item has been sent to you or the item is defective. Where an item cannot, by its nature, be returned by post (for example an exercise bike) we charge a collection fee.

6.1.4    The items need to be in the original packaging where it forms part of the goods (for example, boxed goods, garments and gift items). Where an item has a return policy swing ticket attached, it must still be attached and undamaged upon return.

6.1.5    You have a legal obligation to take reasonable care of the items while they are in your possession. If you fail to comply with this obligation, We may have a right of action against you for compensation. This applies to all items that are returned. 

6.2       Refunds

6.2.1    We will refund you (or will arrange a refund on our behalf) in full for any items you return but will deduct from any reimbursement an amount equal to any diminishment in value of the items as a result of you handling the items beyond what is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the items

6.2.2    If you are returning all items in your order, we will also refund the cost of the initial delivery to you, but only up to the cost of the standard delivery charge. We will not refund any Next Day, Express, Saturday or other premium component of any delivery charge. If you are not returning all the items in your order, the initial delivery cost will not be refunded to you.

6.2.3    You will be refunded using the same payment method originally used to purchase the returned item(s) (unless you have expressly agreed otherwise). If you cannot be refunded using the original payment method then a cheque or a BACS payment will be raised (with the full name from the order as payee) and posted to the delivery address on the order. You will be refunded no later than 14 days after the day we receive the items you are returning.

6.2.4    Once a refund has been issued you will receive a confirmation email detailing the amount which has been refunded and the item(s) we received back.

For further information on REFUNDS please see the FAQ’s HERE

6.3         Returning items that have been sent out incorrectly

Please contact Customer Service HERE, regarding any incorrect item(s). If you are advised to return the item(s) please send to the returns address and clearly state the reason for return is that it has been sent out incorrectly and whether you require a refund or exchange. We are only able to exchange items for the same product.

For further information on RETURNS please see the FAQ's HERE

7 DEFECTIVE GOODS

7.1       We are under a legal duty to supply products that are as described to you on our Website and that meet all the requirements imposed by law. In the unlikely event that you receive a defective product, you will be entitled to one of the following remedies: 

7.2       Tier 1: within 30 days of receiving the defective item, you can choose to receive either:

7.2.1    a repair; or
7.2.2 a replacement; or
7.2.3    a full refund.

The Tier 1 right to reject for perishable goods that would not be expected to last for 30 days lasts only as long as such perishable goods would reasonably be expected to last.

7.3       Tier 2: if more than 30 days have passed after you received the goods, you can claim a repair or a replacement of the defective item (but not a refund).

7.4       Tier 3: if the repair or replacement is not possible, or if it is unsuccessful or cannot be provided to you in a reasonable time, then you can choose to either:

7.4.1    keep the defective item and claim a price reduction (the amount of the price reduction will be determined by us depending on what is reasonable in the circumstances); or
7.4.2    return the defective item and claim a refund (but note that if you have had the goods for more than 6 months, this refund may be reduced to take account of any use you have had from the goods).

7.5       If you think you have received a defective item, please contact Customer Service HERE to return the items back to us including details where possible of:

Your Order Number
Product Code/Product Name
Details of the fault
Whether you would prefer a refund or a repair or replacement
7.6       We will examine the returned items and notify you of your refund or repair or replacement by email within a reasonable period of time.

7.7       We will process any refund due to you as soon as possible and, in any case within fourteen (14) days after the day we confirm by e-mail that you are entitled to a refund for defective items. The refund will be made to the same payment method originally used by you to make the payment (unless you have expressly agreed otherwise).

7.8       Where an item is confirmed as faulty, we will bear the reasonable postage costs of returning the item and we will also refund the cost of the initial delivery to you, but only up to the cost of the standard delivery charge. We will not refund any Next Day, Express or other premium component of delivery.

7.9       If you have a query about returning goods, please contact Customer Service HERE.

8.1       Limitation of liability

8.1.1    We will only be liable to you for any proven loss or damage that you suffer as a result of our breach of, or failure to comply with, these terms and conditions and which are a foreseeable consequence of such breach or failure.  We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage that was not caused by a breach or failure on our part, or that is not foreseeable.

8.1.2    We will not be liable for business losses, including the following types of loss:

8.1.2.1  loss of profits, income or revenue; or

8.1.2.2  waste of management or office time.

8.1.3    We do not exclude or limit our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for:

8.1.3.1  death or personal injury caused by our negligence;

8.1.3.2  fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;

8.1.3.3  any breach of the obligations implied by the Sale of Goods Act 1979; or

8.1.3.4  defective products under the Consumer Protection Act 1987.

8.1.4     Whilst we adopt industry standard protections against computer viruses, we are unable to warrant that the Website is free from computer viruses or any other malicious or impairing computer programs.

8.2       Events outside our control

8.2.1    We will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performing, any of our obligations to you that is caused by events outside our reasonable control (a "Force Majeure Event"). A Force Majeure Event includes:

8.2.1.1  Strikes, lock-outs or other industrial action;

8.2.1.2  Civil commotion, riot, invasion, terrorist attack or threat of terrorist attack, war (whether declared or not) or threat or preparation for war;

8.2.1.3  Fire, explosion, storm, flood, earthquake, subsidence, epidemic, pandemic or other natural disaster;

8.2.1.4  Impossibility of the use of railways, shipping, aircraft, motor transport or other means of public or private transport;

8.2.1.5  Impossibility of the use of public or private telecommunications networks; or

8.2.1.6  The acts, decrees, legislation, regulations or restrictions of any government.

8.2.2    In the event of a Force Majeure Event, our performance will be deemed to be suspended for the period that the Force Majeure Event continues, and we will have an extension of time for performance for the duration of that period. We will use our reasonable endeavours to notify you of the Force Majeure Event, and find a solution by which our obligations to you may reasonably be performed despite the Force Majeure Event. If the failure or delay in performance is likely to be substantial, you can request a refund for any products that cannot be delivered due to the Force Majeure Event.

8.2.3    The Seller reserves the right to vary its in-store returns and exchanges policy where Customer access to changing rooms may be prohibited or otherwise limited. Please see in-store for details.

8.3       Written communications

Applicable laws require that some of the information or communications the Seller sends to you should be in writing. By accessing the Website, you accept that communication with the Seller will be primarily electronic through e-mail or notices posted on the Website. For contractual purposes, by accessing the Website you agree to this electronic means of communication and you acknowledge that all contracts, notices, information and other communications that the Seller provides to you electronically comply with any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. 

8.4       Intellectual property rights

Unless otherwise specified the intellectual property rights in the contents of all the pages in this Website, are owned or licensed to us (or a member of our group of companies), or are used with permission from the owner. The contents of this Website may not be copied, reproduced, modified, downloaded or used in any form without our prior written permission.

8.5       Safety warning

Physical activities can be hazardous. The selection and use of suitable equipment requires skill, and you should ensure you are appropriately equipped and trained. In the interests of your safety and the safety of others, you should also ensure that you are properly trained in the techniques you will need to employ in pursuit of your chosen activity. We recommend that you seek and take the advice of a suitably qualified person before purchasing your equipment. Once purchased, the equipment should only be used in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions and should likewise be inspected before use and properly maintained.

8.6       WEEE Regulations

8.6.1    The EU's Waste and Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) Directive is implemented into UK law via the Waste and Electrical and Electronic Equipment Regulations 2013.

8.6.2    The legislation aims to make producers pay for the collection, treatment and recovery of waste electrical equipment. The regulations also mean that suppliers of equipment like high street shops and internet retailers must allow consumers to return their waste equipment free of charge.

8.6.3    The amount of WEEE we throw away is increasing by around 5% each year, making it the fastest growing waste stream in the UK.

8.6.4    Much of the UK’s WEEE ends up in landfill, where the lead and other toxins it contains can cause soil and water contamination. This can have a harmful effect on natural habitat, wildlife and also human health.

8.6.5    Many electrical items that we throw away can be repaired or recycled. Recycling items helps to save our natural finite resources and also reduces the environmental and health risks associated with sending electrical goods to landfill.

8.6.6    Distributors of Electrical Electronic Equipment (EEE) have a part to play in reducing the amount of WEEE going into landfill sites.

8.6.7    We are obliged to offer our customers free take-back of their WEEE on a like-for-like basis when you buy from us a new Electrical or Electronic product.

8.6.8    For example, if a customer bought a new stopwatch/pedometer from us we would accept their stopwatch/pedometer and prevent it going into landfill site by disposing of it safely. Customers must return their WEEE item to us within 28 days of purchasing their new item.

8.6.9    Under the WEEE regulations, all new electrical goods should now be marked with the crossed-out wheeled bin symbol shown below:



8.6.10   Goods are marked with this symbol to show that they were produced after 13th August 2005, and should be disposed of separately from the normal household waste so that they can be recycled.

8.7       Our right to vary these terms and conditions

8.7.1    We reserve the right to revise and amend these terms and conditions from time to time. You will be subject to the terms and conditions that are in force at the time that you order goods from us unless we notify you of any changes to these terms and conditions before we accept your order, in which case we have the right to assume that you have accepted the change to the terms and conditions unless you notify us to the contrary within seven (7) working days of receipt by you of the goods.

8.8       Governing law and jurisdiction

8.8.1    These terms and conditions are subject to the laws of England and Wales. Any claims relating to these terms and conditions are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.

8.8.2     Nothing in these terms and conditions is intended to affect your local statutory rights.

9 COMPLAINTS

9.1       We take Customer feedback very seriously and aim to deal with complaints as quickly and effectively as possible.

9.2       To raise an issue or to make a complaint relating to orders placed through the Website, please contact Customer Service HERE. To assist us in dealing with your complaint, please detail all aspects of the complaint, including your order number.

9.3       If you paid by credit card, you may have additional rights of redress.

10 GIFT CARDS

10.1     Gift cards can be used to pay for orders made on the Website being delivered within the UK and Ireland, and for items purchased at one of our stores within the UK. Gift cards may be used to pay for goods of a higher price than the value stored on the card by paying the difference with another payment method. If you do not spend the entire balance on the gift card, the remaining balance will be stored on the gift card. No cash change will be given. Gift cards may not be refunded, exchanged for cash, used as payment with discount vouchers or taken as deposits. Please protect your gift cards and treat it as cash; we will not accept liability for lost, stolen or damaged cards. Gift cards are valid for 24 months from the date of purchase. Any balance remaining after expiration of the validity period will be cancelled.

10.2     If your purchase was partially paid for using a gift card and a refund is payable to you, your gift card will be refunded up to the card's original value first, and any outstanding balance owed after this will be refunded via the other payment method originally used for your purchase. If you no longer have the gift card used to purchase the returned item(s), we will issue you with a new gift card to the value payable to you up to the amount of the card's original value.

10.3     Gift cards cannot be used to buy further gift cards.

For further information on GIFT CARDS please see the FAQ’s HERE

11 FRAUD PREVENTION

11.1     To help us to prevent fraud, we may need to undertake due diligence checks to verify a Customer’s details. Card fraud is illegal, and perpetrators may be prosecuted.

11.2     If we need to undertake due diligence checks to progress your order, we may ask you to provide a telephone number, or the following documentation:

11.2.1   Personal identification photo ID - (e.g. passport, driving licence or birth certificate); and/or

11.2.2   Images of the front and back of all cards used to place your order (please remember to redact the middle 6 digits on the front of the card, and the 3 digit CVS on the back).

11.3     Failure to comply with our due diligence checks (including providing the requested information or documentation) may result in the order being cancelled. We reserve the right to cancel any order we do not believe to be genuine. If we identify a transaction as being potentially fraudulent, we may ask our courier to return the goods to our warehouse and we may cancel your order even though you will have received the order confirmation email. We will notify you of any such cancellation. 

12 PERSONAL DATA

12.1      We will process your personal data in accordance with our Privacy Policy

13 OFFERS, PROMOTIONS AND COMPETITIONS

13.1     We occasionally have offers, promotions or competitions running on our Website and in our stores. 

13.2     This might include offers on “ex display” items which are marked down in price to clear. They may have been a display model in one of our stores and as such may show signs of discolouration, slight marks and evidence of prior fitting. Faults are NOT of a serious or structural nature and are usually minor marks. Some offers carry a maximum quantity per Customer. If this is applicable, this is detailed on the individual offer.

13.3     Specific terms may apply to an offer, promotion or competition which will be referenced in any marketing of the offer, promotion or competition and available to view on our Current Promotions page.

13.4     Free delivery offers, when available, only apply to orders for delivery to the UK Mainland (which excludes the Shetland Isles, Outer Hebrides, Guernsey, Jersey, Isle of Wight, Isle of Man, Isle of Scilly and Northern Ireland). Free delivery offers are sent using Standard Delivery service, please see "UK Delivery option: Standard Delivery". Free delivery offers cannot usually be used in conjunction with any other offer, promotion or discount code.

14. PARTNER PROGRAM PRODUCT TERMS

14.1     When you select a product on the Website that will be delivered to you directly by a Partner Brand (as shown in the table below), you will be notified of this ahead of placing your order.

14.2     When you purchase a product to be delivered by a Partner Brand (a "Partner Program Product"), the contract of sale is still between you and the Seller, and these terms and conditions of sale will apply to this purchase, with the following differences: 

14.2.1   The Partner Brand will deliver Partner Program Product(s) direct to you from their warehouse.

14.2.2   Partner Program Products are only available for standard delivery within the United Kingdom. Next Day Delivery and Click & Collect are not available. 

14.2.3   Partner Program Product(s) will be sent separately from other items in your order.

14.2.4   If you need to return a Partner Program Product, you must send this to the relevant returns address set out in the table below. Partner Program Products cannot be returned to the Seller or Partner Brand's stores. 

14.2.5   Returns for Partner Program Products are eligible for refund only, and no exchanges are available.

14.2.6   Gift cards cannot be used as a method of payment for Partner Program Products.

14.2.7   Promotions and discount codes do not apply to Partner Program Products.

14.3     In accordance with the Seller’s Privacy Policy, we will share details of your order with the Partner Brand to fulfil your order.

14.4      Please also note the following additional terms, which are specific to products delivered by GAME only:  

14.4.1   Certain GAME products are age restricted. Any product with a PEGI (Pan-European Games Information) rating will be clearly described as such on the product page for that item. For further information on age ratings, see the Video Standards Council Website, the PEGI website, or the Ask About Games Website. By placing order an order for the purchase of age-restricted products on the Website, you confirm you are of the appropriate age to receive and view the specified certification of the title(s) so ordered. Any person ordering a product for a third party hereby certifies the intended recipient of the order is of the appropriate age to receive and view the specified certification of the title(s) so ordered. The Seller reserves the right not to supply any age-restricted product where it reasonably believed that you are below the relevant minimum age. 

For age-restricted products, we may require proof of age at the point of delivery.

14.4.2   We reserve the right in our absolute discretion to limit a specific product or products to one product per customer (which includes, but is not limited to, per postcode, per email and/or per payment method). Customers will be notified via the product display page or during check out, which product(s) these terms apply to. If we detect a breach or attempted breach of these terms, we may cancel the relevant order or orders for the limited item(s).

For further information on OUR PARTNERS / DROPSHIP please see the FAQ’s HERE

USER GENERATED CONTENT

User Generated Content Terms are not applicable to this fascia