Terms of Use/Disclaimer | Maryland Courts
Skip to main content
Terms of Use/Disclaimer
Information Collected at this Site
If you visit our web site to read, print or download information, the only information the Judiciary collects about your visit is “navigational information:” the name of the domain from which you accessed the web site, the date and time any page on the site was accessed, and the web site address of any web site from which you linked to our site. No information identifying you personally is collected. We use these site usage statistics to analyze how our site is used and to improve its usefulness to the public.
If you choose to provide us with personal information, as in an e-mail to our webmaster, we use that information to respond to your inquiry and to help us get the information requested. We only share the information you give us with another agency if your inquiry relates to that agency, or as otherwise required by law. When you make an inquiry by e-mail, we do not post your inquiry on the web site.
It is the policy of the Maryland Judiciary to preserve the privacy of personal records and to protect confidential or privileged information obtained through use of this web site. Such information will be disclosed publicly only in accordance with the Public Information Act or as necessary and permissible to carry out the duties of the Maryland Judiciary.
This Privacy Policy does not cover personal or identifying information about litigants that may appear in published appellate court opinions posted on the Maryland Judiciary’s web site.
This Policy addresses current Judiciary web site practices and does not cover future transactions such as e-commerce, e-filing, etc.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please e-mail the
[email protected]
. Please note: We can only address questions or comments about the content of this website or those general in nature. Questions concerning a court case or appearance should be directed to the court where the case is filed. For court locations and contact information, see the
Courts Directory
.
Disclaimer
The Maryland Judiciary provides the information on this web site as a public service. Information contained on this web site is believed to be accurate but is not guaranteed. The Maryland Judiciary does not endorse any linked site nor does it assume responsibility for the content found on those sites.
The Maryland Judiciary offers translation of the content on the Maryland Judiciary Webpage through Google Translate. Google Translate is a Third-Party Service. The Maryland Judiciary uses Google Translate to provide language translations of the content on this webpage. The Maryland Judiciary offers the translation of content solely as a convenience of non-English speaking users of the website. The translated content is provided directly and exclusively by Google Translate.
The Maryland Judiciary does not control the accuracy or quality of the translated content. The Judiciary does not endorse Google Translate or imply that it is the only solution available to users. All site visitors may choose to use alternate tools for their translation needs. Any individuals or parties that use the Google Translate services to translate any of the content on this page do so at their own risk. The Maryland Judiciary is not liable or responsible for any loss or damages arising out of, or issues related to, the use of or reliance on translated content.  All English content on this website, in all contexts, as directly provided by the Maryland Judiciary is held to be authoritative.
YouTube
RSS
Twitter
Contact Us
Copyright © 2026 Maryland Judiciary. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use/Disclaimer