Streetdirectory.com Terms & Conditions
1.	
IMPORTANT	
Top
 	
1.1.	
REPRODUCTION OF MAP
Streetdirectory allows you to reproduce map images for both your commercial and personal use (including websites, blogs, apps or marketing collaterals).

You can get the map images directly from Streetdirectory.com or in a form of widget from this link :
www.streetdirectory.com/freemaps.

If you are taking the map images directly from the website, please do indicate that "Maps are powered by streetdirectory.com" below the image (more info).
1.2.

RESELLING OF MAP IMAGES
You are not allowed to resell the map images and you are specifically prohibited from copying or reproducing in any form or manner, any other images apart from the map images as explained in 1.1 (SD IPR as hereinafter defined, other pictures, graphics, signs, slogans, symbols), text, layout, format, business directory information and script (such as HTML, Java or other script) as may be found on the Services and/or the Sites and/or any part(s) thereof (the "Content").

 1.3.

PRIVACY POLICY
When using the Streetdirectory Website, Desktop or Mobile App (Singapore Maps), you understand that these are our privacy policies governing the app and website. 

2.	
GENERAL	
Top
 	
2.1.	
User Feedback, In the event that you spotted errors such as outdated maps, wrong business information, you can report your feedback here. 

Streetdirectory.com™ and the services as may be found or accessed from time to time at www.streetdirectory.com, www.streetdirectory.com.sg www.street-directory.com, (including any sub-pages thereof) (the "URL"), in particular, various location based services, map image, name and address search, retrieval and cross referencing services (the "Services") and its affiliated or otherwise associated websites including the Asia-Pacific websites (the "Sites") and/or any part(s) there of are proprietary of Streetdirectory Pte Ltd or such affiliates of SD (such as any subsidiary, associated or related company or party or equivalent) as the case may be (collectively "SD" or "Us").

2.2.	
Access to and use of the Services and/or the Sites and/or any part(s) thereof by any other party, user or such (hereinafter "You") are subject to the terms and conditions of this User Agreement (the "Terms") as well as applicable laws and regulations, including in particular but not limited to, laws and regulations (both common law as well as statute based) pertaining to copyright, trademarks and passing-off.

2.3.	
By accessing and/or continuing to access the Services and/or the Sites and/or any part(s) thereof, You hereby accept, without limitation or qualification, all of the Terms herein as may be added to, subtracted from, varied or otherwise amended by SD in its sole and absolute discretion, without prior notice, and from time to time (the "Amendments"). In particular, upon the use or continued use of the Services and/or the Sites and/or any part(s) thereof, You are taken to have agreed to any and all Amendments as may then be in existence. In respect thereof, You agree that these Terms serve to put You on notice and that it is incumbent upon You to ascertain the existence, nature and meaning of the Terms and any and/or all Amendments.
2.4.	
 Save for references to SD affiliates (at Clause 2.1 above), the operation of any provisions of law (whether or not written) or equity pertaining to the conferment of third party rights, such as the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act is hereby expressly excluded.
2.5.	
From time to time, SD tracks your activities. We may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity as well as any text you type in this website. SD does not collect personally identifiable information that you do not voluntarily enter in this website. We are using the information collected to improve our website, make it more user-friendly and monitor that it is performing correctly.
3.	
CONDITIONS OF USE	
Top
 	
3.1.	
The Services and/or the Sites and/or any part(s) thereof may also include driving directions, map, business finder, offers near you, Streetdirectory App streetdirectory app, data, information and other user and/or member and/or third party created pages whether or not interactive. In respect of any or all of the aforesaid:
 	
3.1.1	
You shall not at any time use the Services and/or the Sites and/or any part(s) thereof for or to effect any unlawful, abusive, defamatory, obscene, racist, anti-social or otherwise objectionable purpose(s) and/or act(s) or to give rise to any inference that the same has, or may have, been caused or will be caused (as determined by SD in our sole and absolute discretion).
3.1.2	
SD allows you to reproduce map images for your website (including blogs, apps or marketing collaterals) for both commercial and personal use. You can use the images in a form of widget from this link https://api.streetdirectory.com. You are however specifically prohibited from copying or reproducing in any form or manner, other non map images (SD IPR as hereinafter defined, other pictures, graphics, signs, slogans, symbols), text, layout, format, script (such as HTML, Java or other script), and hyperlinks as may be found on the Services and/or the Sites and/or any part(s) thereof (the "Content"). 
3.1.3	
You shall use your best efforts to preserve and protect the integrity of the Content.
3.1.4	
Any use of the Services and/or the Sites and/or any part(s) thereof shall at all times be strictly in the utmost of good faith. In particular, You shall not post or transmit or cause to be posted or transmitted material or data of any kind which may contravene this Clause 3, including the intent and/or purpose(s) thereof (as determined by SD in its sole and absolute discretion), such material being material that encourages or may encourage conduct that could constitute any criminal or otherwise unlawful, immoral or anti-social act and/or violate the rights of or cause distress to any third party (as determined by SD in its sole and absolute discretion).
3.1.5	
You agree that SD and/or any party authorized by the same, may, in its sole and absolute discretion and from time to time without notice, view, monitor or review information (including any information, transmissions, data and/or postings, that may be exchanged or transmitted) via, and/or, effect amendments or changes to, the Sites, Services and/or any part(s) thereof including any user and/or member generated or controlled page(s). For the avoidance of doubt this shall include the right, in SD's sole and absolute discretion, to view, intercept, edit, refuse, or remove any material howsoever transmitted, submitted or posted in respect of or in connection with the Services and/or the Sites and/or any part(s) thereof including anything as may be found or accessed via any user and/or member generated or controlled page(s). In respect of SD therefore, You are further taken to have waived any and all confidentiality vis-a-vis any data or information or the like that is or may be transmitted, by whatever means, persons or parties in whatever form or manner, whether directly or proximately, via the Services and/or the Sites and/or any part(s) thereof.
3.2.	Your use of the Services and/or Sites and/or any part(s) thereof shall, unless specifically authorized in writing by SD, whether or not subject to any terms and conditions (but which shall at all times be duly signed by SD and You), and subject always to this Clause 3, be strictly limited to accessing the Services and/or Sites and/or any part(s) thereof via the URL to view the information posted therein. You may use the Services and/or Sites only in the manner intended by SD and in any case in a reasonable manner. Where the Services so permit, You may input the requisite data in the fields designated for it and view such information as may be generated in response. The aforesaid shall be the extent to which your permission to use the Services and/or Sites and/or any part(s) thereof shall endure. Any such information as You maybe licensed to view under this Clause 3.2 shall not include any right to copy or make copies of the same. Any repeated viewing of any such information herein shall strictly be via a re-accessing of the Services and/or Sites and/or relevant part(s) thereof.
3.3.	
"Streetdirectory.com" and/or other SD product and/or service names, symbols, signs, slogans referenced herein may be trademarks, whether or not registered, of SD (the "SD IPR"). You shall use your best efforts to preserve and protect the integrity of the SD IPR and You shall forthwith notify SD of any infringement, whether actual, apparent, real or perceived, whenever occurring or determined, of such SD IPR and render all reasonable assistance to SD in the enforcement of it rights and particularly upon request.
4.	
DISCLAIMER & INDEMNITIES	
Top
 	
4.1.	
It is specifically brought to Your attention and You agree and acknowledge that the Services and/or Sites and/or any part(s) thereof may at any time and from time to time consist, whether in whole or part, of data, information and/or opinions from various third party individuals and/or organizations that are not generally controlled, influenced, affiliated or otherwise connected with SD (the "Third Party Information"). Such Third Party Information should not be quoted or relied on in any manner whatsoever and particularly as statements of truth or fact. Your use in any form or manner or at any time of any such Third Party Information shall be entirely at Your own risk. SD makes no representations or warranties whatsoever, either express or implied, in respect of such Third Party Information, particularly with regard to its accuracy or continuing accuracy, completeness or effectiveness and specifically disclaims to the maximum extent permissible by applicable law any and all warranties whether express or implied, responsibility and/or liability that may exist or attach to the use, howsoever, of such Third Party Information by or through You.
4.2.	
In respect of any non-Third Party Information originating from SD placed on or made available via the Services and/or Sites and/or any part(s) thereof by SD (the "SD Information"), such SD Information is provided on a strictly "as is" basis. Accordingly SD Information is provided without representations or warranties of any kind, either express or implied and should not be quoted or relied on in any manner whatsoever, and particularly as statements of truth or fact regardless of how they may be worded or otherwise appear. SD also makes no representations or warranties whatsoever in respect of the accuracy or continuing accuracy, completeness or effectiveness of any SD Information and specifically disclaims in respect of any of the aforesaid, to the maximum extent permissible by applicable law any and all responsibility and/or liability that may attach to the use, howsoever, of any SD Information by or through You. Your use in any form or manner and at any time of any SD Information shall be entirely at Your own risk.
4.3.	
SD does not in any way control, influence, determine, review or monitor any website(s), or equivalent, that is or may, from time to time, be linked to or from the Services and/or Sites and/or any part(s) thereof (the "Third Party Website(s)"). Accordingly SD shall not be liable or otherwise responsible in any regard or respect for the content, reliability, accuracy, lawfulness and/or propriety of any such Third Party Website(s). In the event that You decide to link to any such Third Party Website(s), you acknowledge and agree that this shall entirely be at Your own risk and therefore SD shall in no way be liable to You for any and/or all consequences of such an action.
4.4.	
Notwithstanding anything in this Clause 4, You hereby unequivocally and irrevocably waive in perpetuity any and all claims and/or proceedings of whatever nature against SD arising out of Your use of, the Services and/or Sites and/or any part(s) thereof including, for the avoidance of doubt, any issue regarding SD and/or Third Party Information and/or Third Party Websites and/or Content.
4.5.	
You shall at all times indemnify, keep indemnified and hold harmless SD, including for the avoidance of doubt, its officers and employees, including those of its affiliates its subsidiaries, divisions, agents, representatives and/or any or all of them, against all losses (including direct, indirect, incidental and/or consequential losses), damages (including general, special and/or punitive damages), injuries, claims, costs, fees (including all reasonable legal fees whether or not incurred in respect of any real, anticipated or threatened legal proceedings), howsoever caused by, arising or resulting from any use by or through You of the Services and/or Sites and/or any part(s) thereof and/or any breach or purported breach of these Terms and/or any applicable law, whether or not written.
4.6.	
In accordance with and in addition to Clause 3.1.4 herein, the Services and/or Sites and/or any part(s) thereof may, for any reason, be added to, subtracted from, varied or otherwise amended by SD or any party authorized by SD, in its sole and absolute discretion, without prior notice, and from time to time in any form or manner, and for any period or frequency. Furthermore You agree and accept that SD makes no representations or warranties or statements as to the continuing consistency or continuity of the Services and/or Sites and/or any part(s) thereof, in particular the nature, substance, content, layout, format and/or appearance, or any or all of them.
 
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
 visit Streetdirectory.com 