General Terms and Conditions
StudySmarter GmbH, Bahnbogen 21, 81671 Munich

“StudySmarter”.

Status: 01.03.2024

1 Validity of the conditions
1.1 The services and offers of StudySmarter GmbH – hereinafter referred to as StudySmarter – for addressing university students and pupils on the StudySmarter learning platform shall be provided exclusively on the basis of these General Terms and Conditions, unless the individual contracts contain deviating provisions.

1.2 The Terms and Conditions shall apply mutatis mutandis to the non-digital addressing of students and pupils in the context of e.g. hackathons.

1.3 The General Terms and Conditions listed below shall become a contractual component of the respective individual contracts that StudySmarter concludes with the respective contractual partners.

1.4 StudySmarter shall only recognize general terms and conditions of the contractual partner that conflict with or deviate from the General Terms and Conditions of Business if StudySmarter expressly agrees to their validity in writing.

1.5 StudySmarter is entitled to amend, revise or supplement the General Terms and Conditions.

1.6 By signing the contract, the contractual partner has acknowledged and accepted StudySmarter’s General Terms and Conditions.

2 Offers, Conclusion of Contract
2.1 Offers made by StudySmarter are always subject to confirmation.

2.2 The addressee of the offer agrees to treat the offer submitted to it confidentially and not to disclose it to third parties without the written consent of StudySmarter. The addressee is strictly prohibited from disclosing the offer to unauthorized third parties or to StudySmarter’s competitors without StudySmarter’s approval, and will be legally penalized by StudySmarter for any violation.

2.3 The contract shall only come into effect upon acceptance by StudySmarter by means of a written confirmation of the contract or upon the first act of performance.

2.4 If the parties agree in writing to a deviating provision from the conclusion of the contract described above in the individual contract, this deviating provision shall apply.

2.5 StudySmarter is entitled to use third party service providers to provide parts or the entire range of services.

2.6 Upon conclusion of the contract, the contracting party agrees to be included in the newsletter for the purpose of communicating StudySmarter news. Unsubscribing from the newsletter is possible at any time.

3 Prices, payment modalities
3.1 The prices stated in the individual contracts plus the currently applicable statutory value-added tax shall apply.

3.2 In the event that prices are not expressly agreed in the (individual) contracts, StudySmarter’s media prices valid on the day of performance shall be charged plus the currently applicable statutory value-added tax.

3.3 StudySmarter reserves the right to change agreed, announced or offered prices and rates accordingly if, after conclusion of the contract or announcement of the prices and rates, costs are reduced or increased, in particular due to price increases at third-party companies used by StudySmarter for the execution of the contract.

3.4 StudySmarter shall notify the Contractual Partner in writing of any price changes.

3.5 The due date of the payments to be made shall be determined by the payment date specified in the respective individual contract.

3.6 If no payment date is specified in the (individual) contract, the agreed fee shall be due 2 weeks before the start of the campaign. Invoicing shall also take place on this date.

3.7 StudySmarter reserves the right to demand advance payments, and all claims StudySmarter has against the respective contractual partner shall become due immediately if the payment dates and deadlines are not met by the contractual partner or if there is a significant deterioration in the financial circumstances of the contractual partner.

3.8 Bank transfer is generally accepted as payment method. Payments with debt-discharging effect shall be made exclusively to the accounts specified on the invoice. The date of the value date of the payment on StudySmarter’s account shall be decisive. In exceptional cases, which can be determined solely by StudySmarter, StudySmarter shall also accept cash payment.

4 (Cooperation) Duty of the Contractual Partner
4.1 In the event that the execution of the contract is dependent on the cooperation of the contractual partner, such as the timely and complete provision of suitable advertising content, the contractual partner shall be obligated to provide such content without being requested to do so, in a timely manner and in full. Otherwise, StudySmarter shall be entitled, at its discretion, to postpone the execution of the contractual performance until the next possible free execution period.

4.2 The contractual partner shall be responsible for any additional costs that may arise, in particular in the event of late cooperation.

4.3 The contracting partner shall provide StudySmarter with the necessary information regarding any other requirements within its sphere of responsibility.

4.4 The public body has a fundamental right of veto or objection with regard to all advertising content.

4.5 StudySmarter shall not be subject to any duty to review the advertising content provided with regard to the content listed under § 4.6, and with regard to any infringement of copyrights and/or trademark rights or other rights of third-parties.

4.6 The contracting party assures that the advertising content made available does not contain any content that is relevant under criminal law, harmful to minors, pornographic, in particular anti-women and anti-male motifs, illegal, discriminatory, political or contrary to public morals, or that infringes industrial property rights, copyrights and/or trademark rights or other rights of third-parties.

4.7 In the event of a violation of § 4.6 of these General Terms and Conditions, the respective contractual partner undertakes to indemnify StudySmarter against all related liabilities and claims of third parties.

4.8 StudySmarter shall be entitled, insofar as it detects violations of the aforementioned specifications prior to execution of the contract, to oblige the contractual partner to provide lawful material. If the contractual partner fails to comply with this obligation within a period of 2 weeks, StudySmarter shall be entitled to withdraw from the contract. In this case, the contracting partner shall reimburse StudySmarter for all costs incurred up to that point.

4.9 The contracting partner shall bear the expenses incurred by the fact that work must be repeated or is delayed as a result of its incorrect, subsequently corrected or incomplete information provided by StudySmarter.

4.10 To the extent necessary, the contractual partner shall provide third-party consents.

5 Making the advertising content available
5.1 The respective contractual partner shall generally provide StudySmarter with the Advertising Content free of charge for the execution of the contract in due time on the date specified in the respective individual contract.

5.2 If the Advertising Content contains content not permitted under § 4.6 or if the Advertising Content is objected to or prohibited by the public body due to the protection of university interests or due to its general right of veto or objection, StudySmarter shall not broadcast the Advertising Content provided.

5.3 If the advertising content arrives late at StudySmarter, the contracting partner shall in this case bear the full contractually agreed fee, in particular the additional costs resulting from the delay. StudySmarter reserves the right to assert further damages for delay.

6 Delayed payment
6.1 If the fulfilment of the payment claim is at risk due to a deterioration in the financial circumstances of the contracting party that has occurred or become known after the conclusion of the contract, StudySmarter may demand advance payment and immediate payment of all outstanding invoices, including those not yet due, withhold Advertising Content that has not yet been sent, and discontinue further work on orders that are still in progress.

6.2 In the event of late payment by the contractual partner, StudySmarter shall be entitled to charge a flat rate of 10.00 GBP for each written reminder. StudySmarter shall charge interest on arrears at a rate of 5 or 8 percentage points above the respective base interest rate, depending on the legal position of the contractual partner. They shall be set higher or lower if StudySmarter proves a charge with a higher interest rate or if the Contractual Partner proves a lower charge.

6.3 In the event of further delay by the contracting partner, StudySmarter shall be entitled to terminate the contract without notice and to demand compensation from the contracting partner for any damages incurred as a result of the termination or non-performance.

6.4 This shall not preclude StudySmarter from asserting further damages for default.

6.5 StudySmarter shall be entitled to discontinue the playout or publication of the advertising content on the media or to delete the advertising content on the media upon expiration of the due date and further default in payment without further notice.

7 Offset, assignment
7.1 If the contractual partner is a merchant, a legal entity under public law or a special fund under public law, the retention of payments due to any counterclaims of the contractual partner not recognized by StudySmarter is not permitted, nor is the offsetting of such claims.

7.2 The contracting partner may only set off claims that are undisputed or have become res judicata.

7.3 The contractual relationship established with StudySmarter or individual claims arising from this contractual relationship may only be transferred by the contractual partner to third parties with StudySmarter’s written consent.

8 Impossibility/warranty, force majeure
8.1 Should the performance of the contractual services become impossible during the contractually agreed term due to a circumstance for which the contractual partner is responsible, the contractual partner shall pay the entire contractual amount.

8.2 Complaints concerning StudySmarter’s contractual services may only be made during the term of the individual contract in writing to the address of StudySmarter, Loristraße 14, 80335 Munich.

Minor deviations from the booked playout of the advertising content on the media shall be at the expense of the contractual partner.

8.3 Force majeure, such as strikes, natural disasters, extraordinary weather conditions (storms, cold and rainy periods, etc.), pandemics, etc., shall entitle StudySmarter to suspend its contractual obligations and to postpone the playout of the Advertising Content until the end of the force majeure/extraordinary event or until such time as the playout of the Advertising Content is possible again.

9 Liability
9.1 StudySmarter reserves the right not to circulate the advertising content provided by the contractual partner if, contrary to the contractual agreement, it contains content that is relevant under criminal law, harmful to minors, pornographic, in particular misogynistic and anti-male motifs, illegal, discriminatory, political and immoral content, or violate copyrights and/or trademark rights or other rights of third parties, or if the public body makes use of its general right of veto or objection, or if it does not consider its university interests to be protected. The rights of StudySmarter mentioned in § 4.8 remain unaffected.

9.2 Liability for a specific advertising success is excluded.

9.3 The contractual partner has no guaranteed right to the booked media. In the event that the booked media or its space is not available for reasons for which StudySmarter is not responsible, in particular if the public body or the competent authority carries out construction measures on the booked areas or the public-law entity has priority rights to the areas, are or become unavailable, StudySmarter shall endeavour to provide the contracting partner with reasonably available substitute areas. If no reasonable substitute space is available, StudySmarter grants the contracting partner the right to withdraw from the contract. The contracting partner shall remain obligated to pay the corresponding fee for advertising periods used.

9.4 StudySmarter shall be entitled to withdraw from the contract if the public body or the competent authority, in order to safeguard university interests or within the scope of its general right of veto and objection, prohibits the contractual services. In such a case, StudySmarter shall immediately remit to the contractual partner any contractual fees already paid by the contractual partner for advertising periods or broadcast times not yet used.

9.5 The contractual partner shall not be entitled to claim the production costs of the advertising content or compensation claims against StudySmarter if

9.5.1 the public-law body or the competent authority, in order to safeguard university interests or within the scope of its general veto and objection rights, prohibits the advertising content,

9.5.2 the public body prohibits certain advertising content that violates § 4.6 of these General Terms and Conditions in order to safeguard university interests;

9.5.3 StudySmarter is unable to fulfil the contract for reasons for which it is not responsible.

9.6 The contractual partner represents and warrants to StudySmarter that it has unrestricted rights to use, pass on and distribute/publish all advertising content provided and that no third-party rights are infringed.

9.7 The contractual partner shall also be liable for ensuring that no industrial property rights, copyrights and/or trademark rights or other rights of third-parties are impaired by the advertising content. If StudySmarter is held liable by third-parties for infringement of rights, the contractual partner shall indemnify StudySmarter against all related liabilities and claims.

9.8 StudySmarter and its vicarious agents and assistants shall fundamentally be liable without limitation only for intent and gross negligence. In the absence of intent or gross negligence, StudySmarter and its vicarious agents shall be liable – irrespective of the legal grounds – only up to a maximum liability amounting to the contractually agreed remuneration.

9.9 Any further liability on the part of StudySmarter and its vicarious agents and persons employed by it, in particular for damages that did not occur to the provided advertising content/spots themselves, for lost profits or other financial losses of the contractual partner shall be excluded.

9.10 The contractual partner may prove that damage or a reduction in value has been incurred to a greater extent.

9.11 Force majeure, such as strikes, natural disasters, exceptional weather conditions (storms, cold and rainy periods, etc.), pandemics, etc., shall release StudySmarter from any liability.

10 Term and termination
10.1 StudySmarter has the right to terminate the contract without notice for good cause.

10.2 Good cause shall be deemed to exist in particular,

10.2.1 in the event of serious or continued violations of the provisions contained in these General Terms and Conditions, as well as in the event of impracticability of the contract,

10.2.2 if the contractual partner delays on a not insignificant portion of the remuneration,

10.2.3 if the contractual partner becomes insolvent or if insolvency proceedings are opened against its assets or if the application for the opening of insolvency proceedings is rejected due to lack of assets.

10.3 The termination must be in writing to be effective.

10.4 The term of an individual contract shall generally be 12 months from the date of activation of the material (hereinafter referred to as initial term), unless otherwise agreed in writing. If the contract is not terminated at least four weeks before the end of the initial term or an extension period, the contract shall be automatically extended by a further year or the agreed period of the initial term. A profile area or campaign offered free of charge on StudySmarter may be terminated at any time, unless otherwise agreed.

10.5 Ordinary termination shall be excluded in the event of non-compliance with the notice period. However, this shall not affect the right to extraordinary termination without notice for good cause. An important reason in the sense of this contract exists in particular if the customer, despite repeated setting of a deadline, refuses to make payments of the contractually agreed remuneration and/or does not make payments on time.

10.6. Any termination must be made in writing.

11 Exclusion of competition
The exclusion of competition cannot be granted.

12 Voucher images
The contractual partner shall receive reporting from StudySmarter by the end of the booked advertising period.

13 Place of performance, place of jurisdiction
13.1 The law of the Federal Republic of Germany shall apply. In the case of consumers who do not conclude the contract for professional or commercial purposes, this choice of law shall only apply to the extent that the protection granted is not withdrawn by mandatory provisions of the state in which the consumer has his habitual residence.

13.2 Munich is agreed as the general place of jurisdiction if the contractual partner does not have a general place of jurisdiction in Germany or if the place of residence or habitual abode is unknown at the time the suit is filed. The right to also call upon the court at another legal place of jurisdiction remains unaffected by this.

14 Effectiveness, data protection
14.1 Within the scope of the concluded contract, the necessary data of the contractual partner for billing purposes will be stored, changed and/or deleted and, if necessary, transmitted to third-parties. The contractual partner agrees to this procedure.

14.2 Subsidiary agreements, reservations, amendments, or supplements to these General Terms and Conditions shall only be valid if confirmed in writing by StudySmarter. Any deviation from this written form requirement must also be in writing.

15 Salvatory clause
Should any provision of these General Terms and Conditions be or become invalid or unenforceable, or should it not contain a provision that is necessary in itself, all other provisions shall remain valid. The relevant statutory provisions shall apply in place of the invalid provision.

16 Platform Registration and User Accounts
16.1 Users may upload lecture materials to receive automatically and semi-automatically generated learning aids, such as summaries and mind maps. 16.2 Registration is only permitted for persons aged 14 and older. Users between 14 and 16 years of age require the explicit consent of a parent or legal guardian. 16.3 All registration data must be truthful and complete. Users are permitted to use a pseudonym. 16.4 Users are solely responsible for all activities occurring on their account and must keep their login credentials confidential. 16.5 StudySmarter reserves the right to block any account or remove any username without prior notice or stated reasons.

17 Career Services and Recommendations
17.1 Upon registration, users agree to receive personalized job alerts, career recommendations, and educational information via email. This can be revoked at any time. 17.2 Users may opt-in for additional services, including WhatsApp notifications, CV sharing with partner companies, and telephone consultations for career and financial education. 17.3 If a user applies for a position through the platform, their data and documents will be forwarded to the respective employer or provider.

18 Paid Subscriptions and Payment (B2C)
18.1 Subscriptions renew automatically unless cancelled by the end of the billing period. Befristete (limited-term) subscriptions end as agreed. 18.2 Subscription fees are payable in advance. Payments for specific paid content are due upon completion of the order. 18.3 Users may cancel their subscription at any time and retain access until the end of the current billing cycle. 18.4 StudySmarter reserves the right to introduce fees for additional functions or convert free services into paid services without prior notice. 18.5 In case of payment default, StudySmarter may terminate the delivery contract without notice after issuing a reminder and a grace period.

19 Money-Back Guarantee (“Exam Success Guarantee”)
19.1 StudySmarter offers a money-back guarantee for paid subscriptions if a user fails an exam. 19.2 To qualify, the user must have studied for at least 10 hours for the specific exam on the platform and provide proof of failure within 6 weeks of the exam date. 19.3 The refund is limited to the subscription costs of the current billing period and is processed proportionally based on the number of failed exams.

20 User-Generated Content and Copyright
20.1 Users retain rights to the documents they upload but grant StudySmarter a free usage and exploitation right for the purpose of maintaining and publishing the content on the platform. 20.2 StudySmarter is entitled to edit, save, and add logos or third-party advertising to uploaded content. 20.3 Users must ensure they have the right to use and upload the content and that it does not infringe on third-party copyrights. 20.4 Prohibited content includes racist, pornographic, sexist, or illegal materials, as well as unauthorized advertising or malicious code.

21 User Right of Withdrawal (Widerruf)
21.1 Consumers have the right to withdraw from the contract within 14 days without giving reasons. 21.2 The withdrawal must be submitted in writing (e.g., via email to info@studysmarter.de). 21.3 The right of withdrawal expires early if the service has been fully rendered or if the user has explicitly agreed to begin the execution of digital content before the deadline, acknowledging the loss of withdrawal rights.

 

+++

 

Privacy Policy
This privacy policy informs you about the nature, scope and purpose of the processing of personal data (hereinafter referred to as “data”) within our online offer and the websites, functions and content associated with it, as well as external online presences, such as our social media profiles (hereinafter collectively referred to as “online offer”). With regard to the terms used, such as “processing” or “controller”, we refer to the definitions in Article 4 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

Persons in charge
StudySmarter GmbH (Vaia) 

Bahnbogen 21

81671 Munich

Germany

info@hellovaia.com

Christian Felgenhauer, Simon Hohentanner, Till Söhlemann, Maurice Khudhir

www.hellovaia.com/terms

support@hellovaia.com

Types of data processed:
Personal data (e.g., names, addresses).
Contact data (e.g., e-mail, phone numbers, WhatsApp identifiers).
Content data (e.g., text input, photographs, videos, CVs/Resumes).
Usage data (e.g., web pages visited, interest in content, access times).
Meta/communication data (e.g., device information, IP addresses).
Categories of data subjects
Visitors and users of the online offer (hereinafter, we also refer to the data subjects collectively as “users”).

Purpose of the processing
Making available the online offer, its functions and content.
Responding to contact requests and communicating with users.
Security measures.
Reach measurement/marketing.
Provision of job alerts, career recommendations, and university/financial education advice.
Facilitating applications between users and employers or course providers.
Terminology used
“Personal data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (hereinafter “data subject”); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier (e.g. cookie) or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.

“Processing” means any operation or set of operations which is performed upon personal data, whether or not by automatic means. The term is broad and includes virtually any handling of data.

“Pseudonymization” means the processing of personal data in such a way that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organizational measures which ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.

“Profiling” means any automated processing of personal data which consists in using such personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular, to analyze or predict aspects relating to that natural person’s performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or change of location.

“Controller” means the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which alone or jointly with others determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data.

“Processor” means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the Controller.

Relevant legal bases
In accordance with Art. 13 DSGVO, we inform you of the legal basis for our data processing activities. If the legal basis is not mentioned in the privacy statement, the following applies: The legal basis for obtaining consent is Art. 6(1)(a) and Art. 7 DSGVO, the legal basis for processing to fulfil our services and carry out contractual measures and respond to inquiries is Art. 6(1)(b) DSGVO, the legal basis for processing to fulfil our legal obligations is Art. 6(1)(c) DSGVO, and the legal basis for processing to protect our legitimate interests is Art. 6(1)(f) DSGVO. In the event that vital interests of the data subject or another natural person make processing of personal data necessary, Art. 6 (1) lit. d DSGVO serves as the legal basis.

Security measures
We take appropriate technical and organizational measures in accordance with Art. 32 DSGVO, taking into account the state of the art, the implementation costs and the nature, scope, circumstances and purposes of the processing, as well as the varying likelihood and severity of the risk to the rights and freedoms of natural persons, in order to ensure a level of protection appropriate to the risk.

The measures include, in particular, safeguarding the confidentiality, integrity and availability of data by controlling physical access to the data, as well as the access, input, transfer, safeguarding of availability and its separation. Furthermore, we have established procedures to ensure the exercise of data subjects’ rights, deletion of data, and response to data compromise. Furthermore, we already take the protection of personal data into account during the development or selection of hardware, software and processes, in accordance with the principle of data protection through technology design and through data protection-friendly default settings (Article 25 of the GDPR).

Cooperation with processors and third parties
If, in the course of our processing, we disclose data to other persons and companies (order processors or third parties), transmit it to them or otherwise grant them access to the data, this will only be done on the basis of a legal permission (e.g. if a transmission of the data to third parties, such as to payment service providers or to employers during an application process initiated by you, is necessary for the performance of the contract pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. b DSGVO), you have consented, a legal obligation provides for this or on the basis of our legitimate interests (e.g. when using agents, web hosts, etc.).

If we commission third parties to process data on the basis of a so-called “order processing agreement”, this is done on the basis of Art. 28 DSGVO.

Transfers to third countries
If we process data in a third country (i.e. outside the European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area (EEA)) or if this happens in the context of using third-party services or disclosing, or transferring data to third parties, this will only happen if it is done to fulfill our (pre)contractual obligations, on the basis of your consent, due to a legal obligation or on the basis of our legitimate interests. Subject to legal or contractual permissions, we process or allow the processing of data in a third country only if the special requirements of Art. 44 et seq. DSGVO are met. I.e. the processing is carried out, for example, on the basis of special guarantees, such as the officially recognized determination of a level of data protection corresponding to that of the EU or compliance with officially recognized special contractual obligations (so-called “standard contractual clauses”).

Rights of the data subjects
You have the right to request confirmation as to whether data in question is being processed and to information about this data, as well as further information and a copy of the data in accordance with Art. 15 DSGVO.

You have according to. Art. 16 DSGVO the right to request the completion of the data concerning you or the correction of incorrect data concerning you.

You have the right, in accordance with Art. 17 DSGVO, to request that data concerning you be deleted without delay, or alternatively, in accordance with Art. 18 DSGVO, to request restriction of the processing of the data.

You have the right to request that the data concerning you that you have provided to us be received in accordance with Art. 20 DSGVO and to request that it be transferred to other data controllers.

You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority in accordance with Art. 77 DSGVO.

Right of withdrawal
You have the right to revoke any consent given in accordance with Art. 7 (3) DSGVO with effect for the future.

Right of objection
You may object to the future processing of data relating to you in accordance with Art. 21 DSGVO at any time. The objection can be made in particular against processing for direct marketing purposes.

Cookies and right to object in the case of direct advertising
Cookies” are small files that are stored on users’ computers. Various data can be stored within the cookies. The primary purpose of a cookie is to store information about a user (or the device on which the cookie is stored) during or after his or her visit to an online offer. Temporary cookies, or “session cookies” or “transient cookies”, are cookies that are deleted after a user leaves an online offer and closes his browser. Such a cookie may store, for example, the contents of a shopping cart in an online store or a login status. Cookies that remain stored even after the browser is closed are referred to as “permanent” or “persistent”. For example, the login status can be stored if users visit them after several days. Likewise, the interests of users can be stored in such a cookie, which is used for range measurement or marketing purposes. Third-party cookies” are cookies that are offered by providers other than the responsible party that operates the online offer (otherwise, if it is only their cookies, it is called “first-party cookies”).

We may use temporary and permanent cookies and explain this in our privacy policy.

If users do not want cookies to be stored on their computer, they are asked to deactivate the corresponding option in the system settings of their browser. Stored cookies can be deleted in the system settings of the browser. The exclusion of cookies can lead to functional restrictions of this online offer.

A general objection to the use of cookies used for online marketing purposes can be declared for a large number of the services, especially in the case of tracking, via the U.S. sitehttp://www.aboutads.info/choices/oder the EU sitehttp://www.youronlinechoices.com/. Furthermore, the storage of cookies can be achieved by disabling them in the browser settings. Please note that not all functions of this online offer can then be used.

Deletion of data
The data processed by us will be deleted or restricted in its processing in accordance with Articles 17 and 18 DSGVO. Unless expressly stated within the scope of this data protection declaration, the data stored by us will be deleted as soon as they are no longer required for their intended purpose and the deletion does not conflict with any statutory retention obligations. If the data is not deleted because it is required for other and legally permissible purposes, its processing will be restricted. I.e. the data is blocked and not processed for other purposes. This applies, for example, to data that must be retained for reasons of commercial or tax law.

According to legal requirements in Germany, the storage takes place in particular for 10 years according to §§ 147 Abs. 1 AO, 257 Abs. 1 Nr. 1 und 4, Abs. 4 HGB (books, records, management reports, accounting vouchers, commercial books, documents relevant for taxation, etc.) and 6 years according to § 257 Abs. 1 Nr. 2 und 3, Abs. 4 HGB (commercial letters).

According to legal requirements in Austria, storage is carried out in particular for 7 years in accordance with § 132 para. 1 BAO (accounting records, vouchers/invoices, accounts, receipts, business papers, statement of income and expenditure, etc.), for 22 years in connection with real estate and for 10 years for documents in connection with electronically provided services, telecommunications, radio and television services provided to non-entrepreneurs in EU member states and for which the Mini-One-Stop-Shop (MOSS) is used.

Business-related processing
In addition, we process

– Contract data (e.g., subject matter of the contract, term, customer category).

– Payment data (e.g., bank details, payment history)

from our customers, prospective customers and business partners for the purpose of providing contractual services, service and customer care, marketing, advertising and market research.

External payment service providers
We use external payment service providers through whose platforms users and we can make payment transactions (e.g., each with a link to the privacy policy, Paypal (https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full), Klarna (https://www.klarna.com/de/datenschutz/), Skrill (https://www.skrill.com/de/fusszeile/datenschutzrichtlinie/), Giropay (https://www.giropay.de/rechtliches/datenschutz-agb/), Visa (https://www.visa.de/datenschutz), Mastercard (https://www.mastercard.de/de-de/datenschutz.html), American Express (https://www.americanexpress.com/de/content/privacy-policy-statement.html).

In the context of the performance of contracts, we use the payment service providers on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b. DSGVO. Furthermore, we use external payment service providers on the basis of our legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. DSGVO in order to offer our users effective and secure payment options.

The data processed by the payment service providers includes inventory data, such as name and address, bank data, such as account numbers or credit card numbers, passwords, TANs and checksums, as well as contract, total and recipient-related information. The information is required in order to carry out the transactions. However, the data entered is only processed by the payment service providers and stored with them. I.e. we do not receive any account or credit card-related information, but only information with confirmation or negative information of the payment. Under certain circumstances, payment service providers transmit the data to credit agencies. The purpose of this transmission is to check identity and creditworthiness. In this regard, we refer to the terms and conditions and data protection information of the payment service providers.

For payment transactions, the terms and conditions and data protection information of the respective payment service providers apply, which can be accessed within the respective websites or transaction applications. We also refer to these for the purpose of further information and assertion of revocation, information and other data subject rights.

Administration, financial accounting, office organization, contact management
We process data in the context of administrative tasks as well as the organization of our business, financial accounting and compliance with legal obligations, such as archiving. In this regard, we process the same data that we process in the course of providing our contractual services. The processing bases are Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c. DSGVO, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. DSGVO. Customers, interested parties, business partners and website visitors are affected by the processing. The purpose and our interest in the processing lie in the administration, financial accounting, office organization, and archiving of data, i.e. tasks that serve the maintenance of our business activities, performance of our tasks and provision of our services. The deletion of data with regard to contractual services and contractual communication corresponds to the information mentioned in these processing activities.

In this context, we disclose or transmit data to the tax authorities, consultants, such as tax advisors or auditors, as well as other fee offices and payment service providers.

Furthermore, based on our business interests, we store information about suppliers, organizers and other business partners, e.g. for the purpose of later contact. This data, most of which is company-related, is generally stored permanently.

Business analyses and market research
In order to operate our business economically and to be able to identify market trends and the wishes of contractual partners and users, we analyze the data we have on business transactions, contracts, inquiries, etc.. In doing so, we process inventory data, communication data, contract data, payment data, usage data, and metadata on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. DSGVO, whereby the data subjects include contractual partners, interested parties, customers, visitors and users of our online offer.

The analyses are carried out for the purpose of business evaluations, marketing and market research. In doing so, we may take into account the profiles of registered users with details, for example, of the services they have used. The analyses serve us to increase user-friendliness, the optimization of our offer and business management. The analyses serve us alone and are not disclosed externally unless they are anonymous analyses with aggregated values.

If these analyses or profiles are personal, they will be deleted or anonymized upon the termination of the user, otherwise after two years from the conclusion of the contract. Otherwise, the overall business analyses and general tendency analyses are created anonymously, if possible.

Participation in affiliate partner programs
Within our online offer, we use industry-standard tracking measures on the basis of our legitimate interests (i.e. interest in the analysis, optimization and economic operation of our online offer) pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. f DSGVO, insofar as these are necessary for the operation of the affiliate system. In the following, we explain the technical background to users.

The services offered by our contractual partners may also be advertised and linked on other websites (so-called affiliate links or after-buy systems, if, for example, links or third-party services are offered after a contract has been concluded). The operators of the respective websites receive a commission if users follow the affiliate links and subsequently take advantage of the offers.

In summary, it is necessary for the online offer that we can track whether users who are interested in affiliate links and/or the offers available on our website subsequently take up the offers at the instigation of the affiliate links or our online platform. For this purpose, the affiliate links and our offers are supplemented by certain values, which may be part of the link or otherwise set, e.g. in a cookie. The values include in particular the source website (referrer), time, an online identifier of the operator of the website on which the affiliate link was located, an online identifier of the respective offer, an online identifier of the user, as well as tracking-specific values such as advertising material ID, affiliate ID and categorizations.

The online identifiers of the users used by us are pseudonymous values. That is, the online identifiers themselves do not contain any personal data such as names or email addresses. They only help us to determine whether the same user who clicked on an affiliate link or became interested in an offer via our online offer has taken advantage of the offer, i.e. has concluded a contract with the provider, for example. However, the online identifier is personal to the extent that the partner company and also us, the online identifier together with other user data. Only in this way can the partner company inform us whether the user has taken up the offer and we can pay out the bonus, for example.

Data protection information in the application process
We process applicant data only for the purpose of and within the scope of the application process in accordance with legal requirements. Applicant data is processed to fulfil our (pre)contractual obligations within the scope of the application procedure in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b. DSGVO Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. DSGVO insofar as the data processing becomes necessary for us, e.g. within the scope of legal procedures (in Germany, § 26 BDSG also applies).

Users agree that if they apply for a position via our platform, their application data, CV, and associated documents will be shared with the respective employer.

The application process requires applicants to provide us with applicant data. The necessary applicant data are marked if we offer an online form, otherwise results from the job descriptions and basically include the personal details, postal and contact addresses and the documents belonging to the application, such as a cover letter, resume and certificates. In addition, applicants may voluntarily provide us with additional information.

By submitting their application to us, applicants consent to the processing of their data for the purposes of the application process in the manner and to the extent set out in this privacy policy.

Insofar as special categories of personal data within the meaning of Art. 9 (1) DSGVO are voluntarily communicated within the scope of the application procedure, their processing is additionally carried out in accordance with Art. 9 (2) lit. b DSGVO (e.g. health data, such as severely disabled status or ethnic origin). Insofar as special categories of personal data within the meaning of Art. 9 (1) DSGVO are requested from applicants as part of the application process, their processing is additionally carried out in accordance with Art. 9 (2) a DSGVO (e.g. health data, if this is necessary for the exercise of the profession).

If provided, applicants can submit their applications to us using an online form on our website. The data is transmitted to us in encrypted form in accordance with the state of the art.

Applicants can also send us their applications by e-mail. Please note, however, that e-mails are generally not sent in encrypted form and applicants must ensure that they have encrypted themselves. We cannot, therefore, accept any responsibility for the transmission path of the application between the sender and receipt on our server and therefore recommend rather using an online form or sending by post. Because instead of applying via the online form and e-mail, applicants still have the option of sending us the application by post.

The data provided by applicants may be processed by us for the purposes of the employment relationship in the event of a successful application. Otherwise, if the application for a job offer is not successful, the applicants’ data will be deleted. Applicants’ data will also be deleted if an application is withdrawn, which applicants are entitled to do at any time.

Subject to a justified withdrawal by the applicants, the deletion will take place after the expiry of a period of six months so that we can answer any follow-up questions about the application and satisfy our obligations to provide evidence under the Equal Treatment Act. Invoices for any reimbursement of travel expenses will be archived in accordance with tax law requirements.

Registration function
Users can create a user account. As part of the registration process, the required mandatory information is provided to users and processed on the basis of Art. 6 (1) lit. b DSGVO for purposes of providing the user account. The processed data includes in particular the login information (name, password as well as an email address). The data entered during registration is used for the purposes of using the user account and its purpose.

Users may be informed about information relevant to their user account, such as technical changes, by e-mail. If users have terminated their user account, their data relating to the user account will be deleted, subject to any legal obligation to retain it. It is the responsibility of users to back up their data upon termination before the end of the contract. We are entitled to irretrievably delete all user data stored during the term of the contract.

In the context of the use of our registration and login functions as well as the use of the user account, we store the IP address and the time of the respective user action. The storage is based on our legitimate interests, as well as the user’s protection against misuse and other unauthorized use. In principle, this data is not passed on to third parties, unless it is necessary for the pursuit of our claims or there is a legal obligation to do so in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. c DSGVO. The IP addresses are anonymized or deleted after 7 days at the latest.

Contacting and Direct Advice
When contacting us (e.g. by contact form, e-mail, telephone or via social media), the user’s details are processed for the purpose of handling the contact request and its processing pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (b) DSGVO.

Furthermore, by providing their contact details and registering on our platform, users agree that we may call them to provide career advice, university recommendations, and information regarding financial education.

We delete the inquiries if they are no longer necessary. We review the necessity every two years; Furthermore, the legal archiving obligations apply.

Newsletter and Alerts
With the following information we inform you about the contents of our newsletter and alerts as well as the registration, dispatch and statistical evaluation procedure and your rights of objection.

By subscribing to our services and newsletter, users agree to receive job alerts and other personalized recommendations from StudySmarter.

Content of the newsletter: We send newsletters, e-mails and other electronic notifications with promotional information (hereinafter “newsletter”) only with the consent of the recipient or legal permission. If the contents of the Newsletter are specifically described in the context of a registration, they are decisive for the consent of the users. Otherwise, our newsletters contain information about our services, job alerts, recommendations, and us.

Double-Opt-In and logging: The registration for our newsletter takes place in a so-called double-opt-in process. This means that after registration you will receive an e-mail in which you are asked to confirm your registration. This confirmation is necessary so that no one can register with other e-mail addresses. The registrations for the newsletter are logged in order to be able to prove the registration process according to the legal requirements. This includes the storage of the registration and confirmation time, as well as the IP address. Likewise, changes to your data stored with the dispatch service provider are logged.

Registration data: To register for the newsletter, it is sufficient to provide your e-mail address. Optionally, we ask you to enter a name for the purpose of a personal address in the newsletter.

The dispatch of the newsletter and the associated performance measurement are based on the consent of the recipients pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a, Art. 7 DSGVO in conjunction with § 7 para. 2 No. 3 UWG or, if consent is not required, on the basis of our legitimate interests in direct marketing pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lt. f. DSGVO in conjunction with. § Section 7 (3) UWG.

The logging of the registration process takes place on the basis of our legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO. Our interest is directed towards the use of a user-friendly as well as secure newsletter system that serves our business interests as well as meets the expectations of the users and furthermore allows us to prove consent.

Cancellation/Revocation – You can cancel the receipt of our newsletter at any time, i.e. revoke your consent. You will find a link to cancel the newsletter at the end of each newsletter. We may store unsubscribed email addresses for up to three years based on our legitimate interests before deleting them to be able to prove consent formerly given. The processing of this data is limited to the purpose of a possible defence against claims. An individual deletion request is possible at any time, provided that the former existence of a consent is confirmed at the same time.

WhatsApp Communication
Users agree to receive information and messages via WhatsApp if they explicitly opt-in to this communication channel on our platform. Users can revoke this consent at any time by following the instructions provided in the WhatsApp messages or by contacting us at info@hellovaia.com.

Sharing with Employers and Course Providers
Users agree that if they provide explicit permission through an opt-in on the platform:

Their CVs will be shared with companies for potential job opportunities.
Their contact details will be shared with course providers for relevant educational opportunities.
Newsletter – dispatch service provider
The dispatch of the newsletter is carried out by means of the dispatch service provider [NAME, ADDRESS, COUNTRY]. You can view the privacy policy of the shipping service provider here: [LINK TO PRIVACY POLICY]. The shipping service provider is used on the basis of our legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO and an order processing agreement pursuant to Art. 28 para. 3 p. 1 DSGVO.

The dispatch service provider may use the data of the recipients in pseudonymous form, i.e. without assignment to a user, to optimize or improve its own services, e.g. to technically optimize the dispatch and presentation of the newsletter or for statistical purposes. However, the dispatch service provider does not use the data of our newsletter recipients to write to them itself or to pass the data on to third parties.

Hosting and e-mail dispatch
The hosting services used by us serve to provide the following services: Infrastructure and platform services, computing capacity, storage space and database services, e-mail dispatch, security services and technical maintenance services, which we use for the purpose of operating this online offering.

In this context, we, or our hosting provider, process inventory data, contact data, content data, contract data, usage data, metadata and communication data of customers, interested parties and visitors of this online offer on the basis of our legitimate interests in an efficient and secure provision of this online offer pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO in conjunction with Art. 28 DSGVO. Art. 28 DSGVO (conclusion of order processing contract).

Collection of access data and log files
We, respectively our hosting provider, collect on the basis of our legitimate interests within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. DSGVO, we collect data about each access to the server on which this service is located (so-called server log files). The access data includes the name of the website accessed, file, date and time of access, amount of data transferred, notification of successful access, browser type and version, the user’s operating system, referrer URL (the previously visited page), IP address and the requesting provider.

Log file information is stored for security reasons (e.g. to clarify acts of abuse or fraud) for a maximum of 7 days and then deleted. Data whose further storage is required for evidentiary purposes is exempt from deletion until final clarification of the respective incident.

VWO
Use of VWO – Visual Website Optimizer Within our online offer, based on our legitimate interests (i.e. interest in the analysis, optimization and economic operation of our online offer within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. DSGVO) the service Visual Website Optimizer (an offer of Wingify Software Private Limited, 404, Gopal Heights, Netaji Subhash Place, Pitam Pura, Delhi 110034, India) is used. Visual Website Optimizer allows to track the effect of different changes on a website (e.g. changes in input fields, design, etc.) within the framework of so-called “A/B testing”, “click tracking” and “heat maps”. A/B tests are used to improve the usability and performance of online offerings. For example, users are presented with different versions of a website or its elements, such as input forms, on which the placement of content or labels of navigation elements may differ. Subsequently, based on the behavior of the users, e.g. longer stay on the website or more frequent interaction with the elements, it can be determined which of these websites or elements are more likely to meet the needs of the users. “Click tracking” allows to overview users’ movements within an entire online offer. Since the results of these tests are more accurate when users’ interactions can be tracked over time (e.g., being able to see if a user likes to return), cookies are usually stored on users’ computers for these testing purposes. “Heatmaps” are mouse movements of users that are combined to form an overall picture, which can be used, for example, to identify which website elements are preferred and which website elements users prefer less. Cookies are stored on users’ devices only for these test purposes. Only pseudonymous user data is processed. For more information, please refer to Visual Website Optimizer’s privacy policy:https://vwo.com/privacy-policy/. If you do not want Visual Website Optimizer to collect your usage behavior, you can object to the data collection using this link.https://vwo.com/opt-out/

Amplitude
Our app uses the analytics service Amplitude, provided by Amplitude, Inc. 501 2nd Street, Suite 100 San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. Interactions with the app are stored and subsequently evaluated for analysis purposes. For this purpose, device information such as installation ID, IP address, and information about your user behavior is processed. Diese Daten werden dann an die Server des Dienstanbieters in den USA übertragen. For more information about Amplitude, please see Amplitude’s privacy policy:https://amplitude.com/privacy.

Sendgrid
This website uses SendGrid to send newsletters. The provider is SendGrid, Inc, 1801 California Street, Suite 500, Denver, CO 80202, USA.

SendGrid is a service with which, among other things, the sending of newsletters can be organized and analyzed. The data you enter for the purpose of receiving the newsletter will be stored on SendGrid’s servers in the USA.

If you do not want SendGrid to analyze your data, you must unsubscribe from the newsletter. For this purpose, we provide a corresponding link in each newsletter message. Furthermore, you can also unsubscribe from the newsletter directly on the website.

Data analysis through SendGrid:

With the help of SendGrid, we are able to analyze our newsletter campaigns. For example, we can see whether a newsletter message was opened and which links, if any, were clicked. In this way, we can determine, among other things, which links were clicked on particularly often.

In addition, we can see whether certain previously defined actions were performed after opening/clicking (conversion rate). We can thus recognize, for example, whether you have visited our website after clicking on the newsletter.

SendGrid also allows us to subdivide (“cluster”) the newsletter recipients based on various categories. In doing so, newsletter recipients can be subdivided by age, gender or place of residence, for example. In this way, the newsletters can be better adapted to the respective target groups.

For detailed information on SendGrid features, please refer to the following link:https://sendgrid.com/solutions/email-marketing/

Legal basis:

The data processing is based on your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO). You can revoke this consent at any time. The legality of the data processing operations already carried out remains unaffected by the revocation.

Storage period:

The data you have provided us with for the purpose of receiving the newsletter will be stored by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter and will be deleted from our servers as well as from the servers of SendGrid after you unsubscribe from the newsletter. Data that has been stored by us for other purposes remains unaffected by this.

For more details, please refer to SendGrid’s privacy policy at:https://sendgrid.com/policies/security/.

Conclusion of a contract for order processing:

We have concluded a contract with SendGrid in which we oblige SendGrid to protect our customers’ data and not to pass it on to third parties. This contract can be viewed at the following link: SendGrid Data Processing Addendum

Payment services
We integrate payment services from third-party companies on our website. When you make a purchase from us, your payment data (e.g. name, payment amount, account details, credit card number) is processed by the payment service provider for the purpose of processing the payment. For these transactions, the respective contract and data protection provisions of the respective providers apply. The use of the payment service providers is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO (contract processing) and in the interest of a smooth, convenient and secure payment process (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO). Insofar as your consent is requested for certain actions, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO is the legal basis for data processing; consents can be revoked at any time for the future.

We use the following payment services / payment service providers within the scope of this website:

PayPal:

The provider of this payment service is PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg (hereinafter “PayPal”).

Data transfer to the USA is based on the standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission. Details can be found here:https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/pocpsa-full.

For details, see PayPal’s privacy policy:https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full.

Apple Pay:

The provider of the payment service is Apple Inc, Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, USA. Apple’s privacy policy can be found here:https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/de-ww/.

Google Pay:

The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. Google’s privacy policy can be found here:https://policies.google.com/privacy.

Singular
a) Description and scope of data processing
We use mobile tracking technologies. For this purpose, we use the services of Singular Labs, Inc, 181 South Park Street, Unit 2, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. With the help of these services, we collect statistical data about the use of our services in order to constantly improve our services. As part of the use of our apps or websites, information that your end device transmits to us is collected and analyzed. The following data is collected: anonymized IP address, anonymized Apple ID for advertising (IDFA) or Google advertising ID (GAID) as well as geographical location information, data on the behavior and usage patterns of end users of mobile apps. There is no direct personal reference. The data collected in this way is used to create anonymous usage profiles. The data collected using tracking technology is not used to personally identify the user of our services without the separately granted consent of the person concerned. For more information, please see Singular Labs’ privacy policy at:https://www.singular.net/privacy-policy.

b) Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for this processing is Art. 6(1)(f) DSGVO. We have entered into a contract for commissioned processing with Singular Labs.

c) Purpose of the data processing.
The purpose is to improve your user experience with our services and to be able to make our offer more attractive to you. In addition, the collected data is used to analyze the performance of marketing campaigns and to create performance reports.

d) Duration of storage
The data will be stored by us for the duration of your use of the service. Singular Labs will retain your inquiry, analytics and contact information for as long as necessary for business purposes, and thereafter for as long as necessary for record retention.

e) Opt-out and opt-out options
Data collection and storage can be stopped at any time with effect for the future by adjusting the settings of your mobile device. You may also object or request deletion of your data from Singular Labs by contacting them at privacy@singular.net.

Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google LLC (“Google”), on the basis of our legitimate interests (i.e. interest in the analysis, optimization and economic operation of our online offering within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. DSGVO). Google uses cookies. The information generated by the cookie about the use of the online offer by the users is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there.

Google will use this information on our behalf for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. In doing so, pseudonymous usage profiles of the users can be created from the processed data.

We only use Google Analytics with IP anonymization activated. This means that the IP address of users is shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area.

The IP address transmitted by the user’s browser is not merged with other data from Google. Users can prevent the storage of cookies by setting their browser software accordingly; users can also prevent the collection of the data generated by the cookie and related to their use of the online offer to Google, as well as the processing of this data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link:http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de.

The users’ personal data is deleted or anonymized after 14 months.

Google Universal Analytics
We use Google Analytics in the form of “Universal Analytics”. “Universal Analytics” refers to a method of Google Analytics in which user analysis is based on a pseudonymous user ID and thus a pseudonymous profile of the user is created with information from the use of different devices (so-called “cross-device tracking”).

Target group formation with Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to display the ads placed by within advertising services of Google and its partners, only to those users who have also shown an interest in our online offer or who have certain characteristics (e.g. interests in certain topics or products determined on the basis of the websites visited), which we transmit to Google (so-called “Remarketing Audiences”, or “Google Analytics Audiences”).

Google AdWords and conversion measurement
We use the services of Google AdWords on the basis of our legitimate interests. Google is certified under the Privacy Shield agreement. We use “AdWords” to place ads in the Google advertising network. For these purposes, when our website is called up, a code is executed directly by Google and (re)marketing tags are integrated. Furthermore, we receive an individual “conversion cookie”. The information obtained is used to create conversion statistics. We do not receive any information that personally identifies users.

For more information about Google’s use of data, settings and opt-out options, please refer to Google’s privacy policy (https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads).

TikTok Pixel
We use the “TikTok pixel” of the provider TikTok on this website. This code establishes a connection with the TikTok servers when you visit our website, in order to track your behavior on our website. Personal data such as the IP address and other information such as device ID, device type and operating system may also be transferred to TikTok. TikTok uses this data to display targeted and personalized advertising to its users.

Here you can find TikTok’s privacy policy:https://www.tiktok.com/legal/page/us/privacy-policy/en/

Facebook-Pixel, Custom Audiences und Facebook-Conversion
Within our online offer, we use the “Facebook pixel” of the social network Facebook. With the help of Facebook pixel, it is possible for Facebook to determine the visitors to our online offer as a target group for the display of advertisements (“Facebook ads”). We use Facebook pixel to ensure that our Facebook ads are only displayed to Facebook users who have shown an interest in our online offer (“Custom Audiences”).

Specific information and details about the Facebook Pixel can be found here:https://www.facebook.com/business/help/651294705016616.

You can opt out of the Facebook Pixel’s collection and use of your data to display Facebook Ads here:https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads.

Online presence in social media
We maintain an online presence within social networks and platforms in order to be able to communicate with customers and users active there. When calling up the respective networks and platforms, the terms and conditions and data processing policies of their respective operators apply.

Integration of third-party services and content
Within our online offer, we use content or service offers from third party providers in order to integrate their content and services, such as videos or fonts. This always requires that the third-party providers perceive the IP address of the user.

Youtube:

Provider: Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Privacy policy:https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.

Google Maps:

Provider: Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Privacy policy:https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.

LinkedIn:

Provider: LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. Privacy policy:https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.

Supplementary Provisions for Vaia (StudySmarter)
Vaia, Briennerstrasse 59, 80333 Munich, Germany (hereinafter referred to as Vaia), operates the learning platformwww.hellovaia.com. Users can upload their individual learning materials and share content. In addition, users have the opportunity to find out about potential employers and other offers from our advertising partners.

Vaia values your privacy and the collection, processing and use of user data is in accordance with the German Data Protection Act, in particular the German Federal Data Protection Act as well as the German Telemedia Act and our Privacy Policy.

During registration on the Vaia platform, users must agree to the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. Consent can be revoked at any time by sending an email to info@hellovaia.com.

Static user data
Users provide personal data during the registration process: First name, last name, email address, username, password, study program. Additionally: Date of birth, Gender (optional).

News and changes to Vaia policies are communicated via email.

External services and plugins
a) Vaia uses “Google Analytics”.
All or partial advertising on this Website or App is managed by Playwire LLC. If Playwire publisher advertising services are used, Playwire LLC may collect and use certain aggregated and anonymized data for advertising purposes. (https://www.playwire.com/privacy-policy).

b) Google AdSense.
c) Google Plus +1 button.
d) Facebook social plugins.
e) Facebook Remarketing tags.
f) Facebook Visitor action pixel.
g) Hotjar analytics.
Cookies
The Vaia server log stores information: Browser type/version, IP address, Time/date, Referrer URL.

Platform content
Vaia will not share Platform Content (documents, posts) with third parties, but it may be accessed by other users.

Data use
Vaia uses data to operate the platform and provide all functionalities.

a) Communication & Recommendations: Vaia uses email addresses and contact details to send newsletters, job alerts, and career recommendations from the platform and partners.
b) Application Management: Users agree that their applications are shared with employers if they apply on our site. If a user opts-in, CVs and contact details may be shared with companies or course providers to facilitate career opportunities.
c) Direct Outreach: By registering, users grant permission for Vaia to call them regarding career advice, university recommendations, and financial education.
d) WhatsApp: If users opt-in, they agree to receive communications via WhatsApp.
e) Usage data: Used to improve the platform and analyze learning progress.
Users can delete their account by emailing info@hellovaia.com with First Name, Last Name, Email, Address and a confirmation of identity (valid ID copy).

External links
Vaia assumes no liability for third-party websites.

Third party service
As a matter of principle, personal data is not passed on to third parties unless necessary for the operation of the platform or where user consent (e.g., application sharing, CV sharing) has been granted.

Changes and consent
Vaia reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy at any time. Users will be informed via email.

Data protection officer
Reached at support@hellovaia.com.

If the user does not object to the change within 2 weeks of being notified, this will be deemed to be consent to the changed data protection statement.

 