Please note: This website includes an accessibility system. Press Control-F11 to adjust the website to people with visual disabilities who are using a screen reader; Press Control-F10 to open an accessibility menu.
 Accessibility
Press enter for Accessibility for blind people who use screen readers
Press enter for Keyboard Navigation
Press enter for Accessibility menu
Terms of Use
United States
Terms of Use: United States
NOTICE OF ARBITRATION PROVISIONS
Introduction
1. Use of Prodege Sites and Features and our Services
2. Permitted Users
3. How These Terms Apply to Different Users
4. Prodege Offers
5. Prodege Rewards Programs
6. Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions
7. Intellectual Property
8. Reporting Copyright Infringement - DMCA Policy
9. User Conduct
10. Communications Channels
11. Disclaimer of Warranties, Limitations of Liability, and Indemnification
12. Compliance with FTC Guides on Endorsements & Testimonials
13. Binding Arbitration of all Disputes and Claims
14. Tax Matters
15. Notification of Changes
16. Authorized Jurisdictions
17. Excluded Users and Territories
18. Miscellaneous
19. Contact Us
Looking for Customer Support?

Find the Help Centers Below:

Swagbucks
InboxDollars
MyPoints
Upromise
Tada
ySense
PlaytimePerks
Easy Bucks

Last updated effective Sep. 1, 2025

NOTICE OF ARBITRATION PROVISIONS

Your use of the Prodege Sites and Features and our Services (both as defined below) is subject to binding individual arbitration of any disputes which may arise, including a class action waiver, as provided in Section 13 of these Terms of Use. Please read the arbitration provisions carefully and do not use any of the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services if you are unwilling to arbitrate any disputes you may have with us (including without limitation any disputes relating to these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy) as provided herein.

Introduction

Prodege, LLC, a California limited liability company, (together with any affiliates, the “Company”) owns and operates a number of different websites, mobile applications, and interactive services, including without limitation Swagbucks, MyPoints, InboxDollars, Upromise, CouponCause, Swagbucks Daily Trivia, MyGiftCardsPlus, ySense, Tada, Pollfish, Poll Pay, Easy Bucks, BitBurst, AdGate Media, Playtime Perks, Prodege.com, and others (collectively, the “Prodege Sites”). If you reside in the United States, these Terms of Use (“Terms”) apply to the Prodege Sites and to all of the features, Internet browser extensions, emails, text (SMS) messages, online services and other functionalities (collectively, the “Features”) available via or related to the Prodege Sites, whether accessed via a computer, mobile device or other devices you use (each a “Device” and collectively, “Devices”), or otherwise (collectively, the “Prodege Sites and Features”), and all services available on or through the Prodege Sites and Features (“our Services”). These Terms are a legal agreement between you and the Company. By using any of the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services, or clicking to “Accept” or otherwise agreeing to these Terms where that option is made available to you, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not register with or use any Prodege Sites and Features or our Services. You also acknowledge that you have had the opportunity to review our standalone Privacy Policy, and you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. We may post additional terms, official rules, agreements, or guidelines that apply to certain Prodege Sites and Features or our Services, including, without limitation, the MyGiftCardsPlus.com Terms of Sale for purchases on MyGiftCardsPlus.com, and the Upromise Member Agreement for Upromise members (“Additional Terms”), and you may be subject to such Additional Terms when you access those Prodege Sites and Features or our Services. When you are using any Prodege Sites and Features or our Services that are subject to Additional Terms, all references herein to these Terms include the Additional Terms. In the event of any conflict between the Additional Terms and these Terms, these Terms shall prevail unless expressly otherwise stated in the Additional Terms, which are intended to supplement, but not replace, these Terms. If you have any questions or concerns regarding these Terms or any Additional Terms, please contact us as provided in Section 19 below.

1. Use of Prodege Sites and Features and our Services

You agree to use the Prodege Sites and Features and our Services only for purposes that are permitted by these Terms and any applicable law, regulation, or generally accepted practices in the relevant jurisdictions. Subject to all the provisions of these Terms and any other applicable agreements, the Company hereby grants you a limited, terminable, non-transferable, personal, non-exclusive license to access and use the Prodege Sites and Features and our Services solely as provided herein. You may download material displayed on the Prodege Sites and Features for non-commercial, personal use only, provided you do not remove any copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not, however, distribute, modify, broadcast, publicly perform, transmit, reuse, re-post, or use the content of the Prodege Sites and Features, including any text, images, audio, or video, for public or commercial purposes without the Company’s prior written permission. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, all rights not specifically granted in the license set forth above shall be reserved and remain always with the Company. Your right to use the Prodege Sites and Features and our Services is not transferable. You acquire no rights or licenses in or to the Prodege Sites and Features and materials contained therein other than the limited right to access and utilize the Prodege Sites and Features and our Services in accordance with these Terms. If you are accessing the Prodege Sites and Features via any of our applications available via third parties including, without limitation, Apple, Inc.’s “App Store” or Google, Inc.’s “Google Play” store, you acknowledge and agree that these Terms are entered into by and between you and the Company only, and that none of the foregoing third parties are party to these Terms, and they are not sponsors of, nor in any way affiliated with, the Prodege Sites and Features or any of our Services.

2. Permitted Users

We prohibit anyone under thirteen (13) years of age (or, if greater than 13, the minimum age applicable in your jurisdiction) from opening or maintaining an account on and using the Prodege Sites and Features or Services.  If you are under the age of eighteen (18) (or the legal age of majority in your jurisdiction), you represent by accessing the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services that you have your parent’s or legal guardian’s approval to access them.  If we receive actual notice that you are under the age of 13 (or the applicable minimum age in your jurisdiction) or lack parental approval (where required by law), we will terminate your access to the Prodege Sites and Features and Services, deactivate your account, and delete your data. Some offerings on the Prodege Sites and Features and some of our Services may also be subject to Additional Terms, including additional age-based and/or parental consent notices, requirements, or restrictions.  By opening or maintaining an account on and using the Prodege Sites and Features or Services, you confirm, represent, and warrant that:

you are able to form a binding contract with the Company;
you are not subject to the prohibitions described in Excluded Users and Territories (Section 17) of these Terms;
you will comply with these Terms (including any Additional Terms) and all relevant local, state, national, and international laws, rules, and regulations.

If you are the parent or legal guardian of a user under the age of eighteen (18), by allowing your child to use the Prodege Sites and Features and our Services, you are subject to these Terms, including any relevant Additional Terms, and you are responsible for your child’s related activity.

3. How These Terms Apply to Different Users

These Terms govern our interactions with different types of end-users of the Prodege Sites and Features and our Services (“Users”). This includes, without limitation: (i) the members of various rewards programs that Prodege owns and operates directly (“Rewards Programs”) , such as Swagbucks, MyPoints, and InboxDollars, through which   members may earn Rewards (defined below) for participating in or interacting with Prodege Offers (defined below); (ii) the Users of third-party gaming, survey, loyalty or other Rewards programs, websites or mobile applications that feature Prodege Offers via syndication, licensing or other distribution arrangements (“Publishers”); and (iii) visitors to business-to-business (“B2B”) oriented Prodege Sites and Features such as Prodege.com, Pollfish.com, BitBurst.net, BitLabs.ai, and AdGateMedia.com, and the Users of related B2B Services. Unless otherwise expressly indicated, these Terms apply to all Users. However, Users who separately contract for access to or use of B2B Prodege Sites and Features or Services are exempt from any provisions of these Terms that relate solely to Offers or Rewards, or that expressly conflict with the terms of their B2B contract(s) with Prodege. In addition, Users who have not enrolled in any Prodege Rewards Program, and who access Prodege Sites and Features or Services (including Offers) solely via Publisher websites or applications (“Publisher Users”), are exempt from Section 5 (Prodege Rewards Programs). Publisher Users are nevertheless bound by and must comply with all other provisions of these Terms and all applicable terms and policies of the referring Publisher website or application. 

4. Prodege Offers

The Prodege Sites and Features or Services feature various advertising, content, shopping opportunities, special offers, surveys, coupons, promotions, location-based deals, and other earning opportunities for qualified Users (collectively, “Offers”). Upon successfully completing a Prodege Offer, you may have the opportunity to earn points from a Prodege Rewards Program (in the Swagbucks program, such points are called “SB,” in the MyPoints program, they are called “Points,” and in the InboxDollars program, they are called “Dollars”) or other rewards, credits or things of value from a third-party Publisher (collectively, “Rewards”).  To successfully complete an Offer and earn a Reward, you must fully and properly satisfy all of the requirements of the Offer in the manner specified (including any time limitations or waiting periods for acceptance or completion of the Offer) and in compliance with these Terms, and the Company and/or our third-party affiliates (including advertisers, Publishers, and tracking platforms, as applicable) must be able to properly validate, track and record that you have done so. For avoidance of doubt, the Company shall not be responsible for, nor shall the Company be obligated to award Rewards to you for, any Offer that is not properly recorded, tracked, validated and/or deemed a successfully completed Offer under the Company’s and/or our third-party Rewards Program affiliates’ policies, procedures, and systems. In some instances, the Company’s third-party affiliates, rather than the Company, may determine whether an Offer has been successfully completed and thereby should result in a Reward. Please be sure to review all applicable terms of Offers, Rewards, and/or the third-party Publisher website or application from which you access Prodege Offers, before deciding whether you would like to participate. The Company also reserves the right to: (1) change or limit your ability to participate in any or all Offers or Prodege Rewards Programs, (2) change or limit the Offers available or the terms of eligibility for or allowable frequency of Offers, and (3) change or limit the number or type of Rewards available or that you can receive for a given Offer or during a given time period, including, without limitation, the right to correct any inadvertent error in the number or type of Rewards offered or awarded and to claw-back any unearned or unqualified Rewards credited as a result. All such changes or limitations shall apply to current and future Offers, unless otherwise expressly stated.

5. Prodege Rewards Programs

A. Rewards.  Regardless of whether they are expressed as points, dollar amounts, or other currency, Prodege Rewards have no cash, monetary, or other value, are non-transferable, remain the sole property of the Company, and are only redeemable for gift cards or such other prizes or redemption methods as may be offered by the Rewards Program from time to time (collectively, “Redemption Prizes”), subject to these Terms and the Rewards Program redemption requirements at the time of redemption. 

B. Suspension or Termination of your Participation.  The Company may limit, suspend, or terminate your ability to participate in a Prodege Rewards Program, and may suspend or void any Rewards or potential Rewards you may have received or accumulated in a Prodege Rewards Program but not yet successfully redeemed, if we determine in our sole and absolute discretion that you have not complied with these Terms, require an uncommon or excessive level of customer support, or otherwise are not using and receiving the Rewards Program benefits in a mutually satisfactory way consistent with the typical member. You agree to abide by the final and binding decisions of the Company regarding any Rewards Program and your participation in it. We reserve the right to change, suspend, or cancel all or a portion of a Rewards Program, including any unredeemed Rewards, at any time, without prior notice or compensation to you.

C. Receiving Rewards.  You may receive Rewards in a Rewards Program by participating in various Offers, as described in the applicable Rewards Program. Subject to the other provisions of these Terms, the Company will deposit any Rewards for Offers that you choose to participate in and successfully complete into the account that you established when you joined the Rewards Program (the “Account”). In connection with any request to receive credit from Customer Support for completing an Offer that did not credit automatically, we may require you to initiate your support request from your Rewards Program ledger to ensure proper handling and tracking for completion via our systems.

D. Redeeming Rewards.  Subject to the other provisions of these Terms, you may redeem accumulated Rewards in your Account for Redemption Prizes pursuant to the applicable Rewards Program redemption requirements at the time of redemption. Supplies of Redemption Prizes may be limited. Redemption Prizes may be awarded or redeemed on a first-come, first-served, and while-supplies-last basis. If you attempt to redeem Rewards for a Redemption Prize and the Company determines that the Redemption Prize is unavailable, out of stock, or for whatever reason cannot be provided to you, the Company may, in our sole and absolute discretion, provide you with a Redemption Prize of equal or greater value. No re-crediting, reversal, or refund of Rewards will be issued for any reason after Rewards have been successfully redeemed; in other words, once you order and receive a Redemption Prize, you may not reverse or cancel the Redemption Prize transaction or return the Redemption Prize for a refund or re-crediting of Rewards to your Account. The only way to use Rewards is to redeem them for such Redemption Prizes as the Company may elect to offer from time to time for the applicable Rewards Program.  

E. Verifying Identity and Eligibility.  The Company also reserves the right to verify your identity to our complete satisfaction prior to crediting or allowing redemption of any Rewards, issuing, or delivering any Redemption Prizes in any Rewards Program, or otherwise providing you with access to or any benefit associated with the Prodege Sites and Features, our Services, or your Account. The Company implements such verification requirements to confirm, preserve and protect the security of the Prodege Sites and Features, our Services, and your Account from unauthorized access and security threats. We may do so by requesting—either directly or indirectly via a third-party verification service—that you provide an image of your passport, driver’s license, or state ID card, by requiring you to verify the mobile phone number associated with your Account, or by such other proof of identity or eligibility as we may require. Some of our Services or Redemption Prizes may have additional eligibility requirements and in that case the Company also reserves the right to determine or verify your eligibility using such methods as we deem appropriate. If you are unable or unwilling to verify your identity in response to our request, or if we have other reason to suspect your Account may be compromised, insecure, or a threat to the Prodege Sites and Features, our Services, or your Account, we reserve the right in our sole and absolute discretion to temporarily or permanently deactivate or deny or restrict access to your Account, or any benefit associated with the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services.

F. Delivery of Redemption Prizes.  Redemption Prizes are generally digital and delivered electronically to the email address then associated with your Account or as otherwise provided in the applicable Rewards Program, but in some cases may be physical items mailed to the postal address associated with your Account. Processing times may vary. Where we are unable to deliver a Redemption Prize or it goes unclaimed for whatever reason (including, without limitation, because of postal, shipping, customs, or other legal duties, taxes, requirements, or impediments), you hereby direct and authorize us, where possible, to cancel or reverse the redemption for that Redemption Prize and restore the associated Rewards to your Account in the applicable Rewards Program, so that you can attempt to redeem such Rewards again in the future; provided, however, that we shall not be liable to you for any inability or failure to cancel or reverse the redemption and restore the associated Rewards to your Account. 

G. Inactive Accounts.  Any Account that has not met our minimum activity standards for twelve (12) consecutive months or more may be deemed inactive and the Account closed. Our minimum activity standards require the Account holder to do at least one of the following every 12 months: (i) login to the Account; (ii) redeem rewards held in the Account; or (iii) post at least one (1) unit of reward earnings from new activity that the holder initiates on the Prodege Sites or Features. An Account holder may not meet “new activity” standards by passively receiving Rewards for referrals made—or similar recurring Rewards—from activities that the holder initiated on the Prodege Sites or Features more than 12 months prior. We may modify our inactive Account rules and policies in our Rewards Programs from time to time, and if your Account becomes inactive pursuant to such then-current rules or policies, we may close your Account accordingly, without any compensation or further obligation to you regarding the closed Account. If you have any questions or concerns regarding these actions or wish to request Account reactivation (subject to such terms, limitations, and requirements as we may impose from time to time), please contact us as provided in Section 19 below.

H. Rewards Expiration.  We may also adopt or modify our Rewards expiration rules and policies for any past, present, or future Rewards from time to time, and if your Rewards expire pursuant to such then-current rules or policies, we may remove such Rewards from your Account, without any compensation or further obligation to you regarding the expired Rewards. If you have any questions or concerns regarding these actions or wish to request re-crediting of the expired points to your Account (subject to such terms, limitations, and requirements as we may impose from time to time), please contact us as provided in Section 19 below.

I. Shopping Rewards.  For shopping Rewards, we reserve the right to request and verify receipts of completed purchases prior to or in connection with the awarding of Rewards for shopping Offers in order to verify with the applicable merchant that such purchases are valid. If you return or exchange any products or cancel any services for which you received Rewards, we reserve the right to deduct any associated Rewards from your Account. If you received Rewards based upon photos or scans of purchase receipts or other materials (such as an itemized packing slip for online orders to verify that you have completed the purchase and received the items purchased), you must submit a legible photo or scan of the original valid receipt or other materials, which cannot have been altered in any way (as determined in our sole and absolute discretion) and must be from a purchase that you paid for personally.  Failure or refusal to provide requested documentation or satisfactory proof of purchase is grounds for denying any Rewards credit.

J. Referral Program Rewards.  From time to time, we may offer special bonuses or incentives as referral Rewards for you to refer others who successfully join and participate in our Rewards Programs, using a personal referral code or URL, which shall be governed by the current Referral Program terms for the applicable Rewards Program. You agree to only provide us with email addresses or other personal information of persons for referral purposes with their knowledge and consent. You shall not be eligible to earn referral Rewards if you invite other users who share the same Device, if you create multiple accounts in an effort to earn referral Rewards for inviting yourself, or if you otherwise violate these Terms or the applicable Referral Program terms. If you cannot produce proof satisfactory to us that referrals have been made in accordance with these Terms and the Referral Program terms, we may terminate your Account, withhold, or rescind any referral Rewards, reverse or correct Rewards balances in your Account, or take other remedial actions as we deem appropriate.

K. Browser Extensions. The Prodege browser extensions are meant to complement our Prodege Rewards Programs and provide a convenient way to access select Offers. You must have a Rewards Program Account to use the corresponding extension, and certain features work only when logged in to your Account. If you download, install, and use any Prodege browser extension, these Terms will serve as your "End User License Agreement" for that downloadable software Feature. In exchange for your acceptance of and consistent with these Terms, Prodege grants you a personal, limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to install and use the browser extension. You may terminate the license at any time by deleting all copies of the extension from your Devices. Once installed, the browser extension communicates with our servers. We may update the extension on your Devices automatically when a new version is released or when new features are added. When the corresponding Prodege Rewards Program offers cash back Rewards for a given merchant site, the extension will notify you in-browser of the cash back percentage and any applicable coupons. The browser extension will only provide cash back Rewards and apply coupons when you take an affirmative action to activate it, such as clicking on an extension window appearing in your browser. Taking such affirmative action indicates your intention to attribute affiliate credit for your purchase to Prodege, as further described in our Advertising Disclosure. For some of our Rewards Programs, if you allow the browser extension to collect data regarding your browsing (URL visitation) and purchase activity on select third-party sites, we may be able to offer you additional survey opportunities relating to that activity. If you no longer wish to consent to the collection of such data, you can disable the feature at any time in your extension settings. For a full description of data processing activities associated with our extensions, please see our Privacy Policy. Use of the browser extension is subject to acceptance of the Privacy Policy and relevant Additional Terms, including our Advertising Disclosure. If you do not consent to these Terms or accept the Privacy Policy, you should not download or install the browser extensions, or you should uninstall and delete them.

6. Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions

Any sweepstakes, contests, or promotions (collectively, “Promotions”) that may be offered via any of the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services may be governed by Additional Terms, including but not limited to official rules, which may set out eligibility requirements, such as certain age or geographic area restrictions, terms and conditions, and details governing how your personal information may be used. It is your responsibility to read all Additional Terms to determine whether you want to or are eligible to participate in, enter or register for each Promotion. By participating in a Promotion, you agree to comply with and abide by such Additional Terms and the decisions of the sponsor(s) thereof. 

7. Intellectual Property

You acknowledge that the Prodege Sites and Features have been developed, compiled, prepared, revised, selected, and arranged by the Company and others through the expenditure of substantial time, effort and money and constitute valuable intellectual property and trade secrets of the Company and others. It is our policy to enforce these intellectual property rights to the fullest extent permitted under law. The trademarks, logos, and service marks (“Marks”) displayed on the Prodege Sites and Features are the property of the Company or third parties and cannot be used without the written permission of the Company or the third party that owns the Marks. The Prodege Sites and Features are also protected as a collective work or compilation under U.S. copyright and other foreign and domestic laws and treaties. Users are prohibited from using (except as expressly set forth herein), transferring, disposing of, modifying, copying, distributing, transmitting, broadcasting, publicly performing, displaying, publishing, selling, licensing, or creating derivative works of any content on the Prodege Sites and Features for commercial or public purposes. Nothing contained herein shall be construed by implication, estoppel or otherwise as granting to the user any ownership interest in any Mark, copyright, patent, or other intellectual property right of the Company or any third party. The Company exclusively owns all worldwide right, title and interest in and to all documentation, software, contents, graphics, designs, data, computer codes, ideas, know-how, “look and feel,” compilations, translations, digital conversions, and other materials included within the Prodege Sites and Features and related to our Services, and all modifications and derivative works thereof, and all intellectual property rights related thereto.

8. Reporting Copyright Infringement - DMCA Policy

If you believe that any content, user-posted materials, or any other material found on or through the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services, including through a hyperlink, infringes your copyright, you should notify us. To be effective, the notification to us must be in writing and must comply with the following instructions. 

Written notices must be sent either:

electronically to dmca@prodege.com with subject line “DMCA Takedown Request”; or
via certified mail (with a confirmed receipt requested) to: DMCA Notice, Prodege, LLC, 8605 Santa Monica Blvd. PMB 36227, West Hollywood, California, 90069-4109, USA; Attention: Copyright Agent.

Please do not use the dmca@prodege.com email address to submit any requests or communications related to any topic other than copyright notices, and any other requests or communications submitted to that email address will be disregarded.

Each written notification must contain the following information to be deemed a valid notice:

an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive copyright interest;
description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Prodege Sites and Features that is reasonably sufficient to enable us to identify and locate the material (for example, a complete list of specific URLs);
your physical mailing address, telephone number and email address;
statement by you affirming that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
a statement by you that the information provided in your notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are the owner of an exclusive right in the material or that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.

We will process each written notice of alleged infringement that we receive and will take appropriate action in accordance with applicable intellectual property laws. We have a policy of terminating and/or blocking repeat infringers in appropriate circumstances, in our sole discretion, subject to reasonable limitations.

9. User Conduct

Unless you have been specifically permitted to do so in a separate written agreement with us, you agree that you will not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, trade, or resell our Services for any purpose. You shall comply with all usage rules and guidelines found throughout the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services, including any instructions set out in any robots.txt file. You also agree not to use the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services in any improper manner, including to:

use the Prodege Sites and Features or Services in a fraudulent, deceptive, or unlawful manner, as determined in our sole and absolute discretion;
engage in any activity or conduct that interferes with or disrupts the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services (or the servers and networks which are connected to our Services) or use any service to manipulate your computer, mobile phone, or other Device to gain any advantage in any of our Offers or Rewards Programs);
access (or attempt to access) any of our Services by any means other than through the interfaces that we provide;
share a single Rewards Program Account with anyone else;
create or use multiple Rewards Program Accounts (i.e., only one Account is permitted per person in each Rewards Program);
maintain or use any false identity or multiple identities, or otherwise fail to participate in our Services using your real identity and accurate contact, demographic and other information, including via the use of any technology (such as VPNs, proxies, single-use mobile phone numbers, or fake identity documents) to conceal your real identity or location, or otherwise circumvent controls intended to prohibit illegal or prohibited access;
submit any personal information (name, email, zip code, etc.), payment information (credit card number and expiration date, etc.), or other information which we determine in our sole and absolute discretion to have been false, inaccurate, or otherwise invalid in connection with any Offers or any other use of the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services;
post, upload, transmit or otherwise disseminate information that (in our sole and absolute discretion) is obscene, indecent, vulgar, pornographic, sexual, hateful, or otherwise objectionable;
post, transmit, or promote spam links, redirect links, or personal referral links to the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services in an excessive, deceptive, misleading, or otherwise inappropriate fashion, whether on or through any Prodege Sites and Features or any other web site or application, including through the use of paid ads;
defame, libel, ridicule, mock, stalk, threaten, harass, intimidate, or abuse anyone, or otherwise act in a belligerent, offensive or inappropriate manner;
upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or transmit) files that contain viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted files or data, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of our Services, other users’ computers, or access to or functionality of the Prodege Sites and Features;
violate the contractual, personal, intellectual property or other rights of any party, including using, uploading, transmitting, distributing, or otherwise making available any information made available through the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services in any manner that infringes any Mark, copyright, patent, trade secret, or other right of any party (including rights of privacy or publicity);
attempt to obtain Account information, passwords, or other private information from any Rewards Program members or other Users of our Services;
improperly use support channels or complaint buttons to make false or frivolous reports to the Company, to attempt to claim or receive Rewards that are not actually due to you, or to communicate with our customer support representatives in a disrespectful, belligerent, offensive, threatening, or inappropriate manner;
create, share, distribute, promote, or submit any images, documents, or other evidence in support of an attempt to claim or receive Rewards that we determine to be altered, false, fraudulent, or misleading, including by virtue of having been submitted by multiple members in violation of these Terms;
develop, distribute, make use of, or promote “auto” software programs, “macro” software programs, web crawlers or other script or “cheat utility” software programs or applications in connection with the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services;
share or distribute survey IDs, answers, or other survey information, including confidential information that you expressly agree not to disseminate, or otherwise coach or assist other members with regard to qualifying for or answering surveys;
perform Offers in an artificial, engineered or unauthorized way, or otherwise engage with any of the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services in a manner that does not reflect organic, conventional human usage, such as by participating in a botnet, click farm, or other ad-fraud collective, manipulating links, leveraging unauthorized artificial intelligence (AI) or “chatbot” technology, or conducting excessive searches, for the purpose or with the effect of increasing the Rewards you receive, as we may determine in our sole and absolute discretion; or
exploit, distribute or publicly inform other members of any error, miscue, or bug (“Error”) that gives an unintended advantage, violate any applicable laws or regulations, or promote or encourage any fraudulent, misleading, unlawful, or unauthorized activity or conduct, including, but not limited to, hacking, cracking or distribution of counterfeit software, or cheats or hacks for our Services. If you find an Error, we kindly request that you report it to our appropriate support team by contacting us as provided in Section 19 below.

If we determine in our sole and absolute discretion that you have violated these Terms, we may issue you a warning regarding the violation prior to terminating or suspending any Account you have created (or which is associated with you) using our Services, or otherwise prohibiting you from participating in Offers. However, you acknowledge and agree that we need not provide you with any warning or notice before we terminate or suspend your Account and your access to the Prodege Sites and Features and our Services, which we may do at any time and for any reason, at our sole and absolute discretion. If we terminate or suspend your Account, or otherwise prohibit you from participating in Offers, you agree not to attempt to join or re-join or create another Account in any of our Rewards Programs, or otherwise attempt to participate in Offers, without our prior written authorization.

10. Communications Channels

The Prodege Sites and Features and our Services may include communication channels such as forums, communities, comments, or chat areas (“Communication Channels”) designed to enable you to communicate with other Services users. The Company has no obligation to monitor these Communication Channels, but we may do so, and we reserve the right to review materials posted to the Communication Channels and to remove any materials, at any time, with or without notice, for any reason, in our sole and absolute discretion. The Company may also terminate or suspend your access to any Communication Channels at any time, without notice, for any reason. You acknowledge that chats, postings, or materials posted by users on the Communication Channels are neither endorsed nor controlled by the Company, and these communications should not be considered reviewed or approved by the Company. The Company will not under any circumstances be liable for any activity or conduct within Communication Channels. You agree that all your communications with the Communication Channels are public, and thus you have no expectation of privacy regarding your use of the Communication Channels. The Company is not responsible for information that you choose to share on the Communication Channels, or for the actions of other users.

11. Disclaimer of Warranties, Limitations of Liability, and Indemnification

A. Disclaimer of Warranties. You agree that your use of the Prodege Sites and Features and our Services shall be at your own risk. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Company disclaims any and all guarantees, warranties and representations, express or implied, in connection with the Prodege Sites and Features, or our Services, and your use thereof, including implied guarantees or warranties of title, merchantability or acceptable quality, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement, accuracy, authority, completeness, usefulness, and timeliness. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Company makes no guarantees, warranties, or representations about the accuracy or completeness of the content of the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services, or the content of any sites linked to our Services, and assumes no liability or responsibility for any (i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content, (ii) personal injury (including death) or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services, or any third party products or services promoted therein, (iii) unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein, (iv) interruption or cessation of transmission to or from our Prodege Sites and Features or our Services, (v) bugs, viruses, Trojan horses, or the like which may be transmitted to or through our Services by any third party, (vi) errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services, (vii) tax liability imposed against you by any taxing authority, (viii) any user submissions or the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any third party, (ix) any business losses suffered by you or any third party, and/or (x) any losses that were not reasonably foreseeable. 

You acknowledge and agree that Prodege is not affiliated with nor responsible for any third-party products or services that may be displayed, distributed, or otherwise promoted on the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services. Prodege neither represents nor endorses the quality, accuracy, reliability, integrity or legality of any third party’s products or services, nor the truth or accuracy of the description of any third party's products or services, nor any third-party advertising material, including Offers, ads, links, content, advice, opinions, proposals, statements, data, or other information that is provided or controlled by third parties and displayed, distributed, or otherwise used on or in connection with the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services.

You further agree that the Company will not be liable for, nor be required to provide any compensation to you with respect to, the termination of any Rewards Program or any associated Accounts, including without limitation any unredeemed Rewards in your Account or otherwise existing in your favor at the time of termination. Sometimes when you use our Services, you may use a service or download a piece of software, or purchase goods, provided by another person or company. Your use of these other services, software or goods may be subject to separate terms between you and the other person or company. If so, these Terms do not affect your legal relationship with these other persons or companies. You agree that we are not responsible for the loss or impairment of any past, present, or future Rewards, in the event there is any change in the potential value or redemption options for any Rewards, or any data or server error, computer and/or network system error or failure, criminal act, vandalism, cyber-attack or other events which make it commercially unreasonable for us to determine the amount of the Rewards or balance of any Account. All guarantees, warranties, and representations, whether express or implied, as to the condition, suitability, quality, fitness or safety of any goods and services supplied under our Rewards Programs or other Services are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Any liability the Company may have to a member under any such guarantees, warranties or representations implied or imposed by law which cannot be excluded is hereby limited, to the extent legally permissible, to supplying or paying the cost of supplying the goods or services (or equivalent goods or services) or repairing or paying the cost of repairing the goods or re-performing the services, at the Company’s sole option. Please note that at any time, we may, in our sole and absolute discretion, terminate our legal agreement with you and deny you continued use of the Prodege Sites and Features and our Services, and, without limiting the foregoing, may do so if (i) we are required to do so by law (for example, where the provision of our services to you is, or may become, unlawful); (ii) the third party related to our Services to you has terminated its relationship with us or ceased to offer their services to you; (iii) we are no longer providing all or any portion of our Services to users in the jurisdiction in which you are resident or from which you use our Services; or (iv) the provision of our Services to you is, in our opinion, no longer commercially viable.

B. Limitations of Liability.  In no event shall the aggregate liability of the Company, or any Company Parties (as defined in Section 13), whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence, whether active, passive or imputed), fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, arising out of or relating to the use of the Prodege Sites and Features, our Services, or other materials or content on, accessed through or downloaded from our Services,  exceed any consideration you pay, if any, to us for access to or use of the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services. The foregoing limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction. 

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will the Company, or any Company Parties, be liable to you or any third person for any special, direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages whatsoever, including any lost income or lost data arising from your use of the Prodege Sites and Features, our Services, or other materials or content on, accessed through or downloaded from our Services, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence, whether active, passive or imputed), fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, and whether or not the Company has been advised of the possibility of these damages. The foregoing limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction. 

Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages or the exclusion or limitation of liability for bodily injury, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. These Terms give you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. The disclaimers, exclusions, and limitations of liability under these Terms will not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.

C. Indemnification of the Company.  You agree to indemnify and hold the Company, and each of the Company Parties (as defined in Section 13), harmless from and against any claim, cause of action, loss, liability, damages, costs and expenses, arising out of or in connection with (i) your use of and access to the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services in breach of these Terms; (ii) your violation of any provision of these Terms; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right, or damage to a third party; (iv) any tax obligations arising from or related to your use of the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services; and/or (v) any content you post or share on or through our Services. 

12. Compliance with FTC Guides on Endorsements & Testimonials

If you choose to promote our services to the public, including your own personal social networks, you agree that you will comply with the FTC Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising (16 CFR 255, as amended, available here) (the “Endorsement Guides”). For example, if you have been offered, paid or provided with free or discounted products, services or Rewards in exchange for discussing or promoting any of our Prodege Sites and Features or our Services, including but not limited to Referral Program Rewards, or if you are an employee of a company and you decide to discuss or promote that company’s products or services through our Services, you agree to comply with the Endorsement Guides’ requirements for disclosing such relationships. You, and not Prodege, are solely responsible for any endorsements or testimonials you make regarding our Prodege Sites and Features or our Services or any other product or service.

13. Binding Arbitration of all Disputes and Claims

A. THIS SECTION LIMITS CERTAIN RIGHTS OF BOTH PARTIES, INCLUDING THE RIGHT TO MAINTAIN A COURT ACTION, THE RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL, THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY FORM OF CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE CLAIM, THE RIGHT TO ENGAGE IN DISCOVERY EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN AAA RULES, AND THE RIGHT TO CERTAIN REMEDIES AND FORMS OF RELIEF. OTHER RIGHTS THAT YOU OR PRODEGE WOULD HAVE IN COURT ALSO MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN ARBITRATION.

B. Binding Arbitration of All Disputes or Claims. The parties agree to resolve all disputes or claims between them (“Disputes or Claims”) through binding and final arbitration instead of through court proceedings, except as expressly set forth herein. This agreement to arbitrate is intended to be broadly interpreted and applies to any existing or future Disputes or Claims between the parties that have not been individually filed in a court of law or in arbitration prior to the date these Terms become effective between us. It includes, but is not limited to: (1) Disputes or Claims related in any way to any Prodege Sites and Features or our Services, privacy, data security, collection, use and sharing, advertising, purchase or other transactions, Rewards crediting, maintenance or expiration, Account balances or closures, Promotions, or any emails, texts, or other communications with or about you; or (2) Disputes or Claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the transactions or relationship between you and us, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence, whether active, passive or imputed), fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory. Consistent with and without limiting the applicability of the foregoing, all Disputes or Claims, and all legal and equitable issues relating to or arising from any Disputes or Claims, and/or these Terms or arbitration provisions, or any other terms or agreements that incorporate the same by reference, are exclusively for the arbitrator (rather than a court) to decide, including without limitation all claims, disputes, or issues relating to formation, validity, conscionability, interpretation, scope, and enforceability, and whether a claim is subject to arbitration. For purposes of these arbitration provisions, references to “we” and “us” include all entities included within the definition of “Company” above, and each of their affiliates, and each such entity’s respective directors, managers, officers, employees, shareholders, members, agents, suppliers, and assignees (collectively, the “Company Parties”). It is the mutual intent of the parties that this delegation of all matters to the arbitrator be a “clear and unmistakable” delegation, notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms or any other communication, agreement, or document between us (including any provisions or any other communication, agreement or document that may make reference to a court). Notwithstanding the foregoing, these arbitration provisions shall not prevent any party from seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration from a court of appropriate jurisdiction, but without affecting the arbitrator’s exclusive right to decide all matters subject to arbitration as provided above. 

C. Informal Dispute Resolution. We are committed to attempting to resolve any Disputes or Claims with you without needing to initiate formal legal proceedings. Toward that end, you and we agree that the first step in initiating any arbitration of Disputes or Claims between us will be to send the other party a written notice (a “Dispute Notice”). Your Dispute Notice must be sent to our customer service address at: Prodege Dispute Resolution, Prodege, LLC, 8605 Santa Monica Blvd. PMB 36227, West Hollywood, California, 90069-4109, USA, Attention: Legal Department (the “Dispute Resolution Inbox”). Any Dispute Notice must include the following information from the party asserting a Dispute or Claim: (1) name, email address, telephone number and mailing address; (2) the nature and basis of the Dispute(s) or Claim(s); (3) identification or enclosure of all relevant documents and information; and (4) a description of the specific relief sought. Compliance with and completing this informal dispute resolution process is a condition precedent to commencing an arbitration (or, if applicable, a small claims court action). You and Prodege agree to toll any applicable statute of limitations and filing fee deadlines while the parties engage in a sixty (60) day period of good faith negotiations to resolve any dispute informally, beginning from the date of receipt of a Dispute Notice to the date an arbitration is commenced. A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce this condition precedent to arbitration, which includes the power to enjoin the filing or prosecution of a demand for arbitration. 

D. Commencing Arbitration; Rules and Procedures. If the asserted Disputes or Claims raised are not resolved within sixty (60) days after the Dispute Notice is served, either party may commence an arbitration proceeding with the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”). The arbitration will be conducted pursuant to applicable AAA Rules, including the Consumer Arbitration Rules and/or the AAA Mass Arbitration Supplementary Rules (collectively, the “AAA Rules”), in each case as modified by these Terms. The AAA Rules are available online at http://www.adr.org/. One arbitrator, who is selected under the AAA Rules and who has expertise in consumer disputes in the Internet industry, will conduct the arbitration. If no arbitrator possessing such expertise is available, then the arbitration will be conducted by a single arbitrator who is selected by the mutual written approval of the parties, or if the parties are unable to mutually approve the arbitrator, by the AAA. 

E. Judgment; Fees. Except as allowed under applicable law and the AAA Rules, the decisions of the arbitrator will be binding and conclusive on all parties. Judgment upon any award of the arbitrator may be entered by any court of competent jurisdiction. Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, in any arbitration proceeding with Disputes or Claims exceeding $10,000, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based. Unless otherwise provided herein, the AAA Rules will govern the payment of all arbitration fees. The arbitrator may make any determinations and resolve any Disputes or Claims as to the payment and reimbursement of arbitration fees at any time during the proceeding and within fourteen (14) days after the arbitrator’s final ruling on the merits and may apportion the costs of arbitration and the compensation of the arbitrator among the parties in such amounts as the arbitrator deems appropriate. 

F. Individual Arbitration; Waiver of Representative or Class Action. The provisions of this Section 13.F apply to all Disputes and Claims subject to arbitration.  

YOU AND THE COMPANY AGREE THAT:

ANY DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEEDINGS WILL BE CONDUCTED ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT IN A CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION. NEITHER YOU NOR THE COMPANY SHALL BE A MEMBER IN A CLASS, CONSOLIDATED, OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING.
NEITHER PARTY MAY ACT AS A CLASS REPRESENTATIVE OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL, NOR PARTICIPATE AS A MEMBER OF A CLASS OF CLAIMANTS, WITH RESPECT TO ANY DISPUTE OR CLAIM AGAINST THE OTHER.
THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD DECLARATIVE, INJUNCTIVE OR OTHER RELIEF ONLY IN FAVOR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE RELIEF WARRANTED BY THAT PARTY’S INDIVIDUAL DISPUTES OR CLAIMS.
EXCEPT WHERE THE AAA MASS ARBITRATION SUPPLEMENTARY RULES APPLY, OR BOTH PARTIES AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE MORE THAN ONE PERSON’S DISPUTES OR CLAIMS, AND MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A REPRESENTATIVE OR CLASS PROCEEDING.
THE COMPANY DOES NOT CONSENT TO CLASS ARBITRATION. ACCORDINGLY, IF THE ARBITRATOR REFUSES TO ENFORCE THE ABOVE PROVISIONS REGARDING CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS, THEN THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE SHALL BE UNENFORCEABLE AS TO YOU. 

G. Mass Arbitration Process. If the AAA's Mass Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration hereunder, the parties agree to jointly request that AAA appoint a Process Arbitrator, who shall require each claimant to provide specific information relative to the claim in the claimant's demand, as determined by the Process Arbitrator, such as (where the alleged Dispute or Claim arises from use of the Prodege Sites and Features or Services): (i) whether the claimant registered for any of the Company's Rewards Programs, (ii) which of the Company's Rewards Programs the claimant registered for, (iii) the email address the claimant used in registering with that Rewards Program, (iv) approximately when the alleged conduct or activity occurred upon which the claim is based, (v) whether the claimant previously submitted a complaint or ticket with the Company's customer service department regarding such conduct or activity, and (vi) evidence that the claimant filed a Dispute Notice under Section 13.C prior to filing the claim. 

H. Limitations Period.  The parties must bring any Arbitration Demand or small claims action regarding Disputes or Claims within two (2) years after the events or circumstances upon which the Disputes or Claims are based originally arose, or the Disputes or Claims will be permanently barred by the statute of limitations.  

I. Confidentiality.  You and we agree to maintain the confidential nature of the arbitration proceeding and shall not disclose the fact of the arbitration, any documents exchanged as part of any discussions or mediation, proceedings of the arbitration, the arbitrator’s decision and the existence or amount of any award, except as may be necessary to prepare for or conduct the arbitration (in which case anyone becoming privy to confidential information must undertake to preserve its confidentiality), or except as may be necessary in connection with a court application for a provisional remedy in support of arbitration, a judicial challenge to an award or its enforcement, or unless otherwise required by law.

J. Opt Out of Arbitration. Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 13, you may opt out of binding arbitration of any Disputes or Claims within thirty (30) days of your initial online acceptance of or agreement to these Terms of Use by sending us written notice of such opt-out to the Dispute Resolution Inbox identified in Section 13.C. If we do not receive such opt-out notice within forty-five (45) days of such initial online acceptance or agreement, you will be subject to binding arbitration of any Dispute or Claims.

K. Changes to Arbitration Provisions. We may make changes to these arbitration provisions from time to time. You may reject any material changes by sending us written objection within thirty (30) days of the change to the Dispute Resolution Inbox identified in Section 13.C. By rejecting any future material change, you are agreeing to arbitrate in accordance with the language of these provisions prior to such change. If you do not send written objection to any change as provided above, you are agreeing to arbitration in accordance with the changed language of these provisions.  

L. Small Claims Court Alternative. Either party may choose to exclusively pursue Disputes or Claims against the other party in small claims court rather than by arbitration provided that the Disputes or Claims qualify for small claims court in a location where jurisdiction and venue over you and us is proper. 

M. Excluded Disputes and Claims; Injunctive Relief. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 13 to the contrary, you or we may at any time bring suit in a court of competent jurisdiction against the other party in relation to (and are not required to arbitrate) claims based upon infringement or misuse of intellectual property and/or misappropriation of trade secrets.  Furthermore, nothing shall be construed to preclude you or us from seeking injunctive relief in order to protect your or our rights pending an outcome of Disputes or Claims while in arbitration.  This paragraph is not intended by either party to affect, and shall not affect, the “clear and unmistakable” delegation of all matters to the arbitrator in Section 13.B above.

N. Venue; Governing Law. Unless the parties agree otherwise in writing, any arbitration hearings not held virtually will take place in the county, territory, or other local jurisdiction in which you reside within the United States. Notwithstanding any choice of law or other provision in these Terms, the parties agree and acknowledge that the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1, et seq. ("FAA") applies to and will govern the interpretation and enforcement of this agreement to arbitrate, including all procedural aspects of the arbitration of any Disputes or Claims pursuant hereto. The parties agree to be bound by the provisions of the FAA and applicable AAA Rules for all purposes, including, but not limited to, interpretation, implementation, enforcement, and administration of this arbitration agreement, and agree that the FAA and the applicable AAA Rules shall preempt all state laws to the fullest extent permitted by law. If and to the extent the FAA and AAA Rules are found not to apply to any issue regarding the interpretation or enforcement of this arbitration agreement, then that issue shall be resolved under the laws of the state of California.

O. Severability. If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the parties nevertheless agree that (except as otherwise provided in Section 13.F regarding class or representative actions) the arbitrator or small claims court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision or the provision shall be deemed severable, and the other provisions of these Terms shall remain in full force and effect.   

14. Tax Matters

You acknowledge and agree that we do not have the ability, in every instance, to determine whether or not the Rewards you received or redeemed in any Rewards Program are considered reportable income or taxable earnings in your jurisdiction. You are therefore responsible for any and all tax liability arising from or associated with your use of the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services, including liability arising from your accrual of Rewards or your redemption of such Rewards. As a condition of your continued use of the Prodege Sites and Features and our Services, we reserve the right to require you to provide necessary tax reporting information if our records show that you are or may be required to report the value of your redeemed Rewards to an appropriate tax authority. We encourage you, and it is your responsibility, to seek the advice of a tax expert in order to determine the tax consequences of your use of the Prodege Sites and Features and our Services, and any associated Rewards received or redeemed.

15. Notification of Changes

We reserve the right to make changes to these Terms from time to time in our sole and absolute discretion. If we decide to change these Terms, we will provide notice of such changes by sending you an administrative email and/or posting those changes in places on the Prodege Sites and Features deemed appropriate by us so our users are always aware of the terms of their use of the Prodege Sites and Features and our Services. Your continued use of any of the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services after delivery of the administrative email to you or after the changes are posted constitutes your agreement to the changes. If you do not agree to the changes, please close your Account and discontinue your use of such Prodege Sites and Features and our Services. To the extent that an arbitrator (or small claims court, if applicable) determines that applying any changes to these Terms to any prior events or circumstances would render this an illusory or unenforceable contract, such changes shall be applicable on a prospective basis only, with respect to events or circumstances occurring after the date of such changes, to the extent necessary to avoid these Terms being deemed illusory or unenforceable. In any event, if you used any of the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services pursuant to a prior version of these Terms that required a certain notice period to you prior to any changes being effective, any changes under these Terms will not be effective as to you until the required notice period has passed after the date of these Terms.

16. Authorized Jurisdictions

The Prodege Sites and Features and our Services are controlled, operated, and administered by the Company from our offices within the United States of America. The Company makes no representation that materials on the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services are appropriate or available for use at other locations outside of the United States or other jurisdictions to which we direct our Sites and Features or our Services (“Authorized Jurisdictions”), and we prohibit access to them from territories where the contents or products available through the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services are illegal. You may not use the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services or export any content or products in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations. If you access Prodege Sites and Features from a location outside of the United States or another Authorized Jurisdiction, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws.

17. Excluded Users and Territories

You are not permitted to download or use any of the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services, including making any purchases of products or services from the Company, or redeeming any Rewards, if you are (i) located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any country to which the United States has embargoed goods or services; (ii) identified as a “Specially Designated National”; or (iii) placed on the U.S. Department of Commerce’s “Denied Persons List or Entity List” or any other U.S. export control list, or if the transaction would otherwise be illegal under any applicable law or regulation.

18. Miscellaneous

The Company’s failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be deemed to be a waiver of such right or provision. The paragraph or section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. These Terms represent the entire understanding of the parties regarding its subject matter and supersede all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings between the parties regarding its subject matter, and may not be amended, altered, or waived except in a writing signed by the party to be charged or as otherwise expressly provided herein. These Terms are binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of parties and their respective successors, heirs, executor, administrators, personal representatives and permitted assigns. You may not assign your rights or obligations hereunder without the Company’s prior written consent, and any such unauthorized assignment shall be invalid. The provisions of these Terms that are by their nature intended to survive termination (e.g., limitation of liability, indemnification, arbitration agreements, and class action waivers) shall survive.

19. Contact Us

If you have any questions or concerns regarding these Terms or your use of any Prodege Sites and Features or our Services, or wish to report any Error, please contact us as follows: You will find answers to frequently asked questions (FAQs) by visiting the Help Center of each of our Services. Our Help Center or contact options are generally located or accessed from the applicable Prodege Sites and Features footer or main menu options. If your question is not answered in the Help Center, you can submit a ticket to our Customer Support team for the appropriate Service. To contact us by mail, send your correspondence to the following address and specify the Prodege Sites and Features or our Services you are using, along with your request, question, or concern: 

 

Prodege, LLC

8605 Santa Monica Blvd., PMB 36227 

West Hollywood, California, 90069-4109, USA

Attention: Customer Support