Terms of Use | Taco Bell®
Download_on_the_App_Store_Badge_US-UK_RGB_blk_4SVG_092917
Live Más Café
Download_on_the_App_Store_Badge_US-UK_RGB_blk_4SVG_092917
Live Más Café
Sign Up
Log in
Taco Bell
®
Terms of Use
Your access and use of the web sites and apps on which these terms reside (collectively, the “Platform”), and the features, loyalty and other programs, events and services offered on or in connection with this Platform (collectively, the “Services”), are subject to these Terms of Use (this “Agreement”), which sets forth a legally binding agreement between you and Taco Bell Corp. (“Taco Bell”).
To view the portion of this Agreement containing terms and conditions specific to the Taco Bell Rewards Program,
click here
.
Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using this Platform or participating in any Services. If you do not agree to the terms contained in this Agreement, then you may not access or use the Platform or participate in the Services. Your access or use of the Platform or participation in any Service constitutes your acknowledgment that you have the legal authority to bind yourself or any party you represent to, and your acceptance of, this Agreement. This includes, but is not limited to, conducting this transaction electronically and accepting the disclaimer of warranties, damage and remedy exclusions and limitations, binding arbitration provision, class action waiver, jury trial waiver, and a choice of California law except as otherwise provided herein. In arbitration, there is less discovery and appellate review than in court. Please read these provisions carefully as they affect your legal rights. You acknowledge that you have read and agree to be bound by this Agreement and to comply with all applicable laws, regulations, and/or rules with regard to your access and use of the Platform and your participation in any Services.
From time to time Taco Bell may update this Platform and this Agreement. You understand and agree to periodically review this Agreement posted on this Platform for any changes. Your continued access or use of this Platform or your participation in any Services after Taco Bell posts changes to this Agreement constitutes your agreement to those changes effective immediately. Taco Bell may, in its sole discretion, and at any time, discontinue this Platform or any part thereof and any of the Services, with or without notice, or may prevent your use of this Platform or the Services with or without notice to you. You agree that you do not have any rights in this Platform and Taco Bell will have no liability to you if this Platform is discontinued or your ability to access or use the Platform is terminated.
YOU MAY NOT USE THE PLATFORM OR ANY SERVICES FOR ANY PURPOSE THAT IS UNLAWFUL OR PROHIBITED BY THIS AGREEMENT. YOUR ACCESS OR USE TO THE PLATFORM OR PARTICIPATION IN ANY SERVICES MAY BE TERMINATED IMMEDIATELY IN TACO BELL’S SOLE DISCRETION, WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE, IF YOU FAIL TO COMPLY WITH ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ADDITIONAL TERMS, OR FOR ANY OTHER REASON, OR FOR NO REASON.
Table of Contents
LICENSE
USE OF THE PLATFORM
DISPUTE RESOLUTION (INCLUDING INFORMAL DISPUTE RESOLUTION; BINDING ARBITRATION; CLASS ACTION WAIVER; JURY TRIAL WAIVER)
INTERACTIVE FEATURES & USER GENERATED CONTENT
COMMUNICATING WITH TACO BELL
MOBILE SERVICE, INTERNET, AND SERVICE FEES
ACCOUNTS, PASSWORDS, AND SECURITY
TACO BELL GIFT CARDS
TRANSACTIONS AND PRODUCT AVAILABILITY
TACO BELL REWARDS PROGRAM
Changes to the Program; Program Termination
Eligibility
Participation
Earning Points
Tier Levels
Points Expiration/Forfeiture
Rewards and Reward Expiration
Loyalty Referral Program
Miscellaneous
REPRESENTATIONS, DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES, AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY PLATFORMS AND SERVICES
ASSIGNMENT
GENERAL
ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR USERS OF THE MOBILE APP PLATFORM
USERS OF THE APPLE MOBILE APP PLATFORM
MOBILE APP PLATFORM UPDATES
PATENT DISCLOSURE
NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA USERS
PRIVACY POLICY
1. License
Taco Bell grants you a limited, nonexclusive, revocable license to use portions of the Platform solely for your own private, non-commercial purposes only and solely in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. You acknowledge that any reliance on the Platform or any Content (as hereafter defined) will be at your own risk. Taco Bell also makes no representations regarding the amount of time that any Content will be preserved. The Platform, and any services performed, provided or enabled by or through the Platform and all the information, communications, scripting, photos, text, video, graphics, music, sounds, images, layout and other materials provided to you via the Platform and the compilation of the foregoing (collectively “Content”), are intended only for the lawful use by users of the Platform. The Platform, Content, and the selection, coordination, and arrangement thereof, is owned either by Taco Bell, and/or its respective licensors. The unauthorized copying, displaying, selling, distributing, or other use of any Content or Platform is a violation of the law. You acknowledge having been advised by Taco Bell that the Content and Platform is protected in the U.S. and internationally by a variety of laws, including but not limited to, copyright laws and treaty provisions, trademark laws, patent laws, and other intellectual property and proprietary rights laws. You represent and warrant that you will use the Platform and Content only for the purposes permitted herein, that all information you submit is accurate and otherwise complies with this Agreement, and that you will promptly notify Taco Bell if any of your information changes. Taco Bell makes no representation that the Platform or Content is appropriate or available for use in particular locations.
The Platform, Content, Platform Updates (as defined below), documentation, and any accompanying fonts, whether in read-only memory, on any other media or in any other form are licensed to you by Taco Bell subject to the terms of this Agreement. The rights granted herein are non-transferable, and are limited to Taco Bell’s intellectual property rights in the Platform and do not include any other patents or intellectual property rights. The Agreement herein grants you permission to use the Platform on one device at a time. You may not make the Platform available over a network where it could be used on multiple devices at the same time. This Agreement does not grant you any rights to use Taco Bell proprietary interfaces and other intellectual property in the design, development, manufacture, licensing, or distribution of third-party devices and accessories for use with the Platform. Any use of the Platform in any manner not allowed under this Agreement, including, without limitation, resale, transfer, modification, or distribution of the Platform or copying or distribution of text, pictures, music, video, data, hyperlinks, displays, and other content provided by the Platform is prohibited. This Agreement does not entitle you to receive and does not obligate Taco Bell to provide hard-copy documentation, support, telephone assistance, or enhancements or updates to the Platform. You may not modify, alter, copy, publicly display or perform, distribute, create derivative works, of the Platform.
You agree not to download, display, or use any Content use in any publications, in public performances, on websites for any other commercial purpose, in connection with products or services that are not those of Taco Bell, in any other manner that is likely to cause confusion among consumers, that dilutes the strength of Taco Bell or its licensors’ property, or that otherwise infringes Taco Bell or its licensors’ intellectual property rights. You further agree to in no other way misuse any Content or third party content.
2. Use of the Platform
The following requirements apply to your use of the Platform:
You agree that no comments submitted by you to the Platform will violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary rights. You further agree that no comments submitted by you to the Platform will be or contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive, threatening or obscene material. You are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any comments you make. Harassment in any manner or form on the Platform is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others on the Platform is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the Platform any content that is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable that may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the Platform or use the Platform to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or organization. This provision applies to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Nothing in this provision is intended to prohibit you from posting bona fide reviews, comments, or other content, or otherwise submitting suggestions, ideas, comments or questions, related to any products or services offered by Taco Bell.
You will not upload, post, reproduce, or distribute any information, software, or other material protected by copyright or any other intellectual property right (as well as rights of publicity and privacy) without first obtaining the permission of the owner of such rights.
You will not collect or store personal data about other users.
You will not use the Platform for any commercial purpose not expressly approved by Taco Bell in writing.
You will not upload, transmit, email, post, or otherwise communicate any advertising or promotional materials, including without limitation, “junk mail,” “surveys,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other form of solicitation or unauthorized communication, including but not limited to any content that contains business solicitation of any type, including advertising a product or service, offering a product or service for sale, or directing readers to a location for more information about a product or service.
You will not upload, post, email, include in any Messages (as hereafter defined) or otherwise transmit any material that contains viruses, corrupted files, software, links to other sites or any other computer code, files, or programs which might adversely affect, interrupt, limit, or interfere with the functionality of Taco Bell’s system or any third party’s computer. You further agree that you will not share or post any content that undermines the operation of the Platform, a message board, chat room, forum or other feature.
By displaying, publishing, or otherwise posting any content on or through the Platform and/or providing Taco Bell with any such content, you hereby grant Taco Bell a non-exclusive, sub-licensable, worldwide, fully-paid, royalty free license to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute such content in any and all media now known or hereinafter developed without the requirement to make payment to you or to any third party or the need to seek any third party permission. You represent and warrant that you own such content and otherwise have the right to grant the license set forth herein, and the displaying, publishing or posting of any content you submit, and our use thereof does not and will not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademark rights, patents, contract rights or any other intellectual property rights or other rights of any person or entity.
You may not access or use the Platform while driving or behind the wheel of a vehicle that is not in “park”. When using the Platform, you must obey all applicable laws and rules and regulations of the road. The Platform may only be used when it is lawful and safe to do so.
3. Dispute Resolution (Including Informal Dispute Resolution; Binding Arbitration, Class Action Waiver, Jury Trial Waiver)
Please Read This Section Carefully – It Significantly Affects Your Legal Rights, Including Your Right to File a Lawsuit in Court
You and Taco Bell agree that most disputes that arise between us and that cannot be resolved informally shall be resolved through binding individual arbitration with limited exceptions as set forth below. Arbitration is less formal than a lawsuit in court, uses a single neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, and discovery and appellate review is more limited. This section also includes a class action waiver and jury trial waiver. For the avoidance of doubt, this section survives termination of this Agreement and your relationship with Taco Bell. It is Taco Bell’s goal that we meet your expectations. However, there may be instances when you have a problem or dispute that needs special attention. In those instances, Taco Bell is committed to working with you to reach a reasonable resolution that satisfies you; however, we can only do this if we know about and understand your issue. Therefore, for any problem, claim, or dispute that you may have with or against Taco Bell (a “
Dispute
,” as defined below), you acknowledge and agree that you will first give Taco Bell an opportunity to informally resolve your Dispute as set forth below in this section. Taco Bell agrees that it will do the same as to any Dispute that it might have with you. “Dispute” shall be interpreted broadly and shall include any dispute or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, your access or use of the Platform, your participation in any Service, or your relationship with Taco Bell whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory. Dispute shall include: (a) any dispute or claim that arose before the existence of this or any prior Agreement (including any claims related to advertising); (b) any dispute or claim that is currently the subject of any class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class; and (c) any dispute or claim that may arise after termination of this Agreement. Dispute, however, does not include disputes or claims concerning patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets, publicity, and claims or piracy or unauthorized use of intellectual property. The arbitrator shall decide all issues
except
the following (which are for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide): (a) issues that are reserved for a court in this Agreement and (b) issues that relate to the validity and enforceability of the arbitration agreement. This Agreement and the arbitration agreement do not prevent you from bringing a Dispute to the attention of a government agency.
Mandatory Informal Dispute Resolution Process.
Before submitting a demand for arbitration in accordance with the provisions set forth in this section, if either you or Taco Bell has a Dispute with the other party, that party shall first provide the other party with a written notice related to that Dispute (“
Notice
”). If you have a Dispute with Taco Bell, you agree to provide Taco Bell with the Notice by sending the Notice by certified mail to the following address: Taco Bell, Attn: Legal Department, 1 Glen Bell Way, Irvine, California 92618, or in accordance with the Notice provisions of this Agreement. If we have a Dispute with you, we will provide you with the Notice by sending it to the most recent contact information we have on file for you. A Notice must include all of the following: (a) a detailed description of the Dispute; (b) the nature and basis of the claim(s); (c) the relief sought and a calculation for it; (d) information sufficient for Taco Bell or you to identify any relevant transactions, accounts, or experiences; and (e) the party’s mailing address, email address, and a phone number. Any Notice that you submit must be signed by you and any Notice that Taco Bells submits must be signed by a Taco Bell representative. If you want Taco Bell to speak with your representative, please also provide Taco Bell with a signed authorization to do so.
During the informal dispute resolution process, should the party receiving the Notice make a request, both parties shall participate in an individualized telephonic settlement conference to facilitate potential resolution of the Dispute. You agree to personally attend any such conference (along with counsel if represented) if Taco Bell makes such a request, and we agree to have a Taco Bell representative personally attend any such conference (along with counsel if represented) if you make such a request. You and we agree to negotiate in good faith in an effort to resolve any Dispute. This should lead to resolution, but if for some reason the Dispute is not resolved satisfactorily within sixty (60) days after receipt of a compliant Notice, you and we agree to the further dispute resolution provisions below. Both you and we agree that this informal dispute resolution process is mandatory and a condition precedent that must be satisfied before initiating arbitration. Any applicable limitations period (including statutes of limitations) will be tolled for 60 days from the time a fully compliant Notice is served on the other party unless the parties mutually agree to extend that period. A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the power to enforce this condition precedent to arbitration, including the power to enjoin the filing or prosecution of arbitration and the assessment and collection of arbitration fees. If the sufficiency of a Notice or compliance with this informal dispute resolution process is at issue and a party elects to have that issue decided by a court, then any arbitration shall be automatically stayed pending resolution of that issue. Nothing in this paragraph limits the right of a party to seek damages for non-compliance with this mandatory informal process in arbitration. You or Taco Bell may commence arbitration if the Dispute is not resolved through this process.
Agreement to Binding Individual Arbitration.
You and we agree that subject to the limited exceptions set forth in this Agreement, the sole and exclusive forum for any and all Disputes between you and Taco Bell shall be final and binding individual arbitration.
Exception – Small Claims Court.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party retains the right to have a Dispute heard in small claims court provided the Dispute falls within the jurisdictional limits of that court and otherwise qualifies for that court, seeks individualized relief, and so long as the action remains in that court and is not removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction. Whether a Dispute falls within the jurisdiction of small claims court is for the small claims court to decide in the first instance and otherwise for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide.
Arbitration Procedures.
You and we acknowledge that this section of the Agreement affects interstate commerce and that the Federal Arbitration Act (“
FAA
”) and federal arbitration law (and not state arbitration law) apply (despite any other choice of law provision).
Arbitration under this Agreement shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association (the “
AAA
”) in accordance with the then-current AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules (including applicable AAA Supplementary Rules), which are available at
https://www.adr.org/Rules
, as modified by this Agreement. You and we understand that the AAA’s administrative determination that this arbitration provision comports with the Consumer Due Process Protocols is final and that neither a court nor an arbitrator has the authority to revisit it. If the AAA is unavailable or unwilling to administer the arbitration consistent with this Agreement, the parties shall agree on an administrator that will do so. If the parties cannot agree, they shall jointly petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint an administrator that shall do so. The applicable AAA rules will govern the payment of AAA fees unless applicable law requires a different allocation of fees in order for this arbitration provision to be enforceable. If you are unable to pay your share of the AAA fees, we will consider a request to reimburse them so long as you have fully complied with the informal dispute resolution process as set forth above and your claim is not held by an arbitrator to be frivolous or brought for an improper purpose. You and we agree that the parties have a shared interest in reducing the costs and increasing the efficiencies associated with arbitration. Therefore, you or we may elect to negotiate with the AAA regarding arbitration fees, and you and we agree to work together in good faith to ensure that arbitration remains cost-effective for all parties. The arbitration demand must be signed by either (a) the claimant if the claimant is unrepresented, or (b) the claimant’s attorney if the claimant is represented. By signing the arbitration demand, the claimant, or the claimant’s attorney certifies to the best of their information, knowledge, and belief, formed after a reasonable inquiry under the circumstances that: (a) the arbitration demand is not being presented for any improper purpose, such as to harass, cause unnecessary delay, or needlessly increase the cost of arbitration; (b) the claims or other legal contentions are warranted by existing law or by a nonfrivolous argument for extending, modifying, or reversing existing law or for establishing new law; and (c) the factual contentions have evidentiary support or, if specifically so identified, will likely have evidentiary support after reasonable opportunity for further investigation or discovery. The arbitrator is authorized to award any relief or impose any sanctions available under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11 or applicable federal or state law against all parties and counsel.
The parties agree that the arbitrator may award the same relief available in court provided that such relief (including declaratory or injunctive relief) shall only be in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide the relief warranted by that party’s individual claim. YOU AND WE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, COLLECTIVE, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL PROCEEDING IN ARBITRATION OR IN LITIGATION. FURTHER, UNLESS YOU OR WE AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE ANY PERSON’S OR ENTITY’S CLAIMS WITH THOSE OF ANOTHER PERSON OR ENTITY AND MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, COLLECTIVE, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL PROCEEDING. IF AFTER EXHAUSTION OF ALL APPEALS ANY OF THESE PROHIBITIONS ON NON-INDIVIDUALIZED RELIEF; CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, COLLECTIVE, AND PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL CLAIMS; AND CONSOLIDATION IS FOUND TO BE UNENFORCEABLE AS TO A PARTICULAR CLAIM OR WITH RESPECT TO A PARTICULAR REQUEST FOR RELIEF (SUCH AS A REQUEST FOR INJUNCTIVE RELIEF), THEN THE PARTIES AGREE THAT SUCH A CLAIM OR REQUEST FOR RELIEF SHALL BE DECIDED BY A COURT AFTER ALL OTHER CLAIMS AND REQUESTS FOR RELIEF ARE ARBITRATED.
The arbitration will be conducted before a sole neutral arbitrator who shall be located at or near the location where the arbitration will take place. Any in-person hearing will be conducted in the county or parish in which you reside or at another location that is reasonably convenient for you. You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by a phone, telephonic, or video hearing, or solely through written submissions, except that any Dispute seeking $25,000 or more or injunctive relief shall have an in-person or video hearing unless the parties agree otherwise. You and Taco Bell reserve the right to request a hearing in any matter from the arbitrator. You and a Taco Bell representative shall appear at any hearing (with counsel if represented). Any facts, evidence, documents, or testimony introduced or produced in an arbitration proceeding may be used only in that proceeding and may not be disclosed, introduced, or used in another arbitration proceeding even if it involves the same or similar claims. The parties also agree that the arbitrator will not be bound by rulings in any prior arbitrations not involving the same parties, even if they involved the same or similar claims.
The arbitrator may not award relief to anyone who is not a party to the proceeding. The award of the arbitrator may require payment of the costs, fees, and/or expenses incurred by the prevailing party consistent with applicable law and the applicable AAA rules. The provisions of Fed. R. Civ. P. 68 shall be applied by the arbitrator after entry of an award. The arbitrator shall be bound by this Agreement as a court would and shall issue a reasoned, detailed decision explaining the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based. The arbitration award shall be binding only as to the parties and shall have no preclusive effect in any other arbitration or proceeding to which you are not a named party. Judgment on any arbitration award may be entered in a court of competent jurisdiction, except that an award that has been satisfied may not be entered.
Additional Procedures for Mass Arbitration Filings
. If twenty-five (25) or more claimants (including you) submit Notices or seek to initiate arbitrations raising similar claims against Taco Bell and are represented by the same or coordinated counsel or are otherwise coordinated (“Mass Arbitration”), you agree that these additional procedures shall apply. The parties agree that as part of these procedures, the resolution of your Dispute might be delayed and ultimately proceed in court. The parties agree that as part of these procedures, their counsel shall meet and confer in good faith in an effort to resolve the Disputes, streamline procedures, address the exchange of information, modify the number of Disputes to be adjudicated through arbitration, and conserve the parties’ and the AAA’s resources. If you elect to bring your Dispute as part of a Mass Arbitration, any applicable limitations periods (including statutes of limitations) shall be tolled for your Dispute from the time that your Dispute is first submitted to the AAA until your Dispute is selected to proceed as part of a staged process or is settled, withdrawn, otherwise resolved, or opted out of arbitration pursuant to this provision.
Stage One.
If at least 50 Disputes are submitted as part of the Mass Arbitration, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Taco Bell shall each select 25 Disputes to be filed and to proceed as cases in individual arbitrations as part of this initial staged process. The number of Disputes to be selected to proceed in Stage One can be increased by agreement of counsel for the parties (and if there are fewer than 50 Disputes, all shall proceed individually as part of Stage One). Each of the 50 (or fewer) cases shall be assigned to a different arbitrator and proceed individually. If a case is withdrawn before the issuance of an award, another claim shall be selected to proceed as part of Stage One. The remaining Disputes shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed or collected in connection with those claims. After this initial set of staged proceedings, counsel for the parties shall participate in a global mediation session with a retired state or federal court judge jointly selected by counsel in an effort to resolve all remaining Disputes, and Taco Bell shall pay the mediator’s fee.
Stage Two.
If the remaining Disputes have not been resolved at the conclusion of Stage One, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Taco Bell shall each select 50 Disputes per side to be filed and to proceed as cases in individual arbitrations as part of this second staged process. The number of Disputes to be selected to proceed in Stage Two can be increased by agreement of counsel for the parties (and if there are fewer than 100 Disputes, all shall proceed individually as part of Stage Two). Each of the 100 (or fewer) cases shall be assigned to a different arbitrator unless counsel for the parties agree otherwise and shall proceed individually. If a case is withdrawn before the issuance of an award, another claim shall be selected to proceed as part of Stage Two. The remaining Disputes shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed or collected in connection with those claims. After this second set of staged proceedings, counsel for the parties shall participate in a second global mediation session with a retired state or federal court judge jointly selected by counsel in an effort to resolve all remaining Disputes, and Taco Bell shall again pay the mediator’s fee.
Upon the completion of the mediation set forth in Stage Two, each remaining Dispute (if any) that is not settled or withdrawn shall be opted out of arbitration and may proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with the remainder of the Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, counsel for the parties may mutually agree in writing to proceed with the adjudication of some or all of the remaining Disputes in individual arbitrations consistent with the process set forth in Stage Two (except Disputes shall be randomly selected and mediation shall be elective by agreement of counsel) or through another mutually-agreeable process. A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enjoin the filing or prosecution of arbitrations and the assessment or collection of arbitration fees.
The Additional Procedures for Mass Arbitration Filings provision and each of its requirements are essential parts of this arbitration agreement. If, after exhaustion of all appeals, a court of competent jurisdiction decides that the Additional Procedures for Mass Arbitration Filings apply to your Dispute and are not enforceable, then your Dispute shall not proceed in arbitration and shall proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with the remainder of the Agreement.
Future Changes to Arbitration Agreement.
If we make any future changes to this arbitration agreement (other than a change to our contact information), you may reject any such change by sending your personally signed, written notice to the following address by certified mail within 30 days of the change: Taco Bell, Attn: Legal Department, 1 Glen Bell Way, Irvine, California 92618. Such written notice does not constitute an opt out of arbitration altogether. By rejecting a future change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any Dispute as between you and Taco Bell in accordance with this version of the arbitration agreement.
Class Action Waiver and Jury Trial Waiver.
You and Taco Bell each agree that any proceeding, whether in arbitration or litigation in court, will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative action. You and we agree to waive any right to bring or to participate in such an action in arbitration or in court to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties retain the right to participate in a class-wide settlement.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you and Taco Bell waive the right to a jury trial.
4. Interactive Features & User Generated Content
On certain areas of the Platform, such as video upload features, creating customized menu items, message boards, or chat rooms, you may be given the opportunity to interact with other users, or create, share, or generate images, graphics, and other content (collectively, “User Generated Content” or “UGC”). Use of any interactive features of the Platform is governed by and subject to the following terms (“Posting Rules”).
Without limiting the license granted under Section 2 of this Agreement, by using any of the interactive features of the Platform, you expressly hereby grant Taco Bell a non-exclusive, sub-licensable, worldwide, fully-paid, irrevocable, transferable, and royalty free license to: (i) display all UGC to other users and visitors to the Services; and (ii) use, distribute, reproduce, re-share, re-post, re-use, modify, adapt, delete, remove, publicly perform, publicly display, and prepare derivative works of your UGC (in whole or in part) on the Services, third party websites, social media, physical goods and materials, and all other media now known or hereafter developed for any and all purposes. You represent and warrant that you own the UGC you submit or otherwise post or provide using any of the interactive features of the Platform and that the exercise of the rights you grant herein does not and will not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademark rights, patents, contract rights or any other intellectual property rights or other rights of any person or entity.
Taco Bell may terminate your account and/or limit your account access if Taco Bell believes, using its sole discretion, that you have violated any of these Posting Rules, the terms in this Agreement, any law, or for no reason at all. Taco Bell reserves the right to monitor any and all messages, postings, UGC, or other content sent to the Platform, and reserves the right to remove or to refuse to post or share anything that Taco Bell, in its sole discretion, views to be in violation of these Posting Rules, the law, or is otherwise inappropriate. Taco Bell does not necessarily, however, monitor any materials posted, transmitted, or communicated to or within the Platform.
Responsibility of Postings: You understand and acknowledge that UGC, messages, and postings are the sole responsibility of the author, and that Taco Bell is not responsible for the UGC, message, or information, data, text or other materials in any of the same that may appear in a chat room, message board, customization feature, or other interactive feature. Opinions expressed in the foregoing do not necessarily reflect the opinions of Taco Bell.
No Illegal, Infringing or Abusive UGC: You understand and acknowledge that you are responsible for the content of your UGC, and agree not to include anything that is unlawful, harmful, tortious, defamatory, libelous, obscene, invasive of the privacy of another person, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, racist, infringing, pornographic, incites criminal or abusive acts, or is otherwise objectionable or inappropriate as determined by Taco Bell.
No Violations of Third Party Rights: You agree that you will not post in your UGC any content that contains personal information about any individual, violates the privacy of any other individual or entity, or anything that you are under a contractual obligation to keep private or confidential. You agree that you will not impersonate any person or organization, including without limitation, the personnel of Taco Bell. You further agree that you will not misrepresent an affiliation with another person or organization, nor will you post any content that contains slanderous or libelous comments about others, or that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret or other intellectual property right of a third party (as well as rights of publicity and privacy). You agree that you will not collect or store personal data about other users.
No Commercial Use: The message boards, chat rooms, customization features, and other forums we provide on the Platform are intended to allow information exchanges, and for users to express their opinions. It is not a commercial site. Therefore, you agree that you will not upload, transmit, email, post or otherwise communicate in your UGC any content that contains solicitation of any type, including unsolicited or unauthorized advertising , promotional materials, offering a product or service for sale, directing readers to a location for more information about a product or service, or any other form of solicitation.
If you believe that UGC was posted in violation of these Posting Rules or this Agreement, please copy the text of the UGC into an email and submit to
webmaster@tacobell.com
. Taco Bell may, but typically will not, acknowledge receipt of your complaint. You agree that Taco Bell cannot and will not act as arbiter of disputes arising from third party communications or transmission to the Platform. For more information on submitting complaints, please contact
digitalsupport@tacobell.com
. Without limiting Taco Bell’s rights or remedies, violations of any of the above rules may result in a warning notification, removal of offending content or termination of your accoun
If you are a copyright or trademark owner and you believe your rights have been violated, please contact
digitalsupport@tacobell.com
or write to Taco Bell’s Designated Agent at Yum Brands, Inc., 7100 Corporate Dr. Plano, TX 75024.
5. Communicating with Taco Bell
On certain areas of the Platform you may be given the ability to contact Taco Bell by electronic mail, for example, to sign up for services such as e-mail notifications and newsletters about Taco Bell products, to register for a particular sweepstakes or contest, or to participate in interactive forums, like chat rooms and message boards. The information that you provide to Taco Bell through the Platform is governed by Taco Bell’s
Privacy Policy
.
By using the Platform, you acknowledge and agree that any materials, ideas or other communications you transmit to Taco Bell in any manner and for any reason will not be treated as confidential or proprietary. Furthermore, you acknowledge and agree that any ideas, concepts, techniques, procedures, methods, systems, designs, plans, charts, or other materials you transmit to Taco Bell may be used by Taco Bell anywhere, anytime, and for any reason whatsoever.
6. Mobile Service, Internet, and Service Fees
The Use Of The Platform On A Mobile Device (Whether The Taco Bell Mobile Application (“Mobile App”) Or Mobile Web Platform) Requires Use Of A Mobile Device And Wireless Mobile Data Service, Which Must Be Obtained From Your Wireless Carrier, And May Require Internet Access, Which Must Be Obtained From Your Service Provider; You Are Responsible For Obtaining And Paying For Such Additional Services And Obtaining A Suitable Device, Including Without Limitation All Usage Charges Related Thereto. You May Be Required To Send And Receive, At Your Cost, Electronic Communications Related To The Platform And The Program (as hereafter defined), Including Without Limitation, Administrative Messages, Service Announcements, Diagnostic Data Reports, And Platform Updates, From Taco Bell, Your Mobile Carrier Or Third Party Service Providers. If You Do Not Have An Unlimited Wireless Mobile Data Plan, You May Incur Additional Charges From Your Wireless Service Provider In Connection With Your Use Of The Platform. You Are Solely Responsible For Obtaining Any Additional Subscription Or Connectivity Services Or Equipment Necessary To Access The Platform, Including But Not Limited To Payment Of All Third Party Fees Associated Therewith, Including Fees For Information Sent To Or Through The Platform.
The Platform May Not Work With All Computers, Browsers, Devices Or All Mobile Carriers. Taco Bell Makes No Representations That The Platform Will Be Compatible With Or Provided By All Computers, Browsers, Devices, Or Mobile Carriers. Certain Device And Browser Combinations May Not Support Online Ordering Features And Other Platform Features. In The Event That Fees Are Charged For The Platform, Or Other Third Party Service Providers Charge A Fee For The Products Or Services They Provide, You Agree To Pay Such Fee To The Respective Party In Exchange For Your Continued Use Of Such Products Or Services. Some Services May Be Subject To Different Or Additional Terms (Including Fees), Which You Will Be Required To Agree To Prior To Your Use Of Such Services.
Some Functionality Of The Platform, Including Mobile Payment, Location Based Services And Functionality, And Access Of The User’s Address Book And Photo Library May Require The Transmission Of Information Provided By The User Including, Without Limitation, Names, User Names And Passwords, Addresses, E-Mail Address, Photos, Financial Information (Such As Credit Card Numbers), Information Related To A Taco Bell Gift Card, And/Or GPS Location. If The User Uses Such Platform Functionality, The User Consents To The Transmission Of User Information To Taco Bell And/Or Its Agents And Authorizes Taco Bell And/Or Its Agents To Record, Process, And Store Such User Information As Necessary For The Platform Functionality And For Purposes Described In The Taco Bell Privacy Policy.
7. Accounts, Passwords, and Security
Certain areas of the platform may require registration or may otherwise ask you to provide information to participate in certain features or access certain content. If you elect not to provide such information, you may not be able to access certain content or participate in certain features of the platform or any features at all. You understand that certain offers, services and features that may be available on the platform may be subject to additional specific terms and conditions. This may include loyalty and rewards programs, as well as return policies for certain transactions. In the event of any conflict between this agreement and any such specific terms and conditions, the specific terms and conditions will control. You also understand and agree that certain offers, services and features may be made available on the website version(s) of the platform and not on the mobile app version(s) of the platform, and vice versa.
If the platform requires you to create an account or otherwise submit information, you must complete the specified process by providing Taco Bell with current, complete, and accurate information as requested by the applicable registration form. It is your responsibility to maintain the currency, completeness, and accuracy of your registration data, and any loss caused by your failure to do so is your responsibility. During the registration process, you will be asked to enter your name and valid e-mail address and you may be asked to choose a password. You understand and agree that you may be required to verify your email address to complete the account registration process and that you may be required to click a link in an email sent by or on behalf of Taco Bell to complete each login to your Taco Bell account. It is entirely your responsibility to maintain the confidentiality of your login credentials, any password, your e-mail address and e-mail account, and your Taco Bell account, including maintaining the physical security of your device. If the platform permits you to login using your device’s fingerprint sensor, only enable such a feature if the device is your own personal device. Additionally, you are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account, including mobile payments, all transactions and other activities undertaken with your device, any Taco Bell gift card or stored payment card, whether authorized or unauthorized. You agree to notify Taco Bell immediately of any unauthorized use of your account. You further agree not to email, post, or otherwise disseminate any user id, password, or other information which provides you access to the platform. Taco Bell is not liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or account, either with or without your knowledge. Taco Bell shall not be responsible for any losses arising out of the loss or theft of user information transmitted from or stored on a computer or device or from unauthorized or fraudulent transactions associated with the platform. Creating an account or opting in to receive notifications or offers does not guarantee the receipt of any such messages or the availability to you of any promotional offer.
You agree that Taco Bell and Taco Bell’s third-party vendors may collect and use technical and usage data and related information, including but not limited to technical information about your device, geolocation, date and time of platform access, system and application software, and peripherals, that is gathered periodically to, among other things, facilitate the provision of software updates, product support, and other services to you (if any) related to the platform. You grant Taco Bell the permission to use this information to improve its products or to provide services or technologies to you, as well as to provide advertising content in which Taco Bell believes you may be interested, including working with third parties who provide targeted advertising content.
8. Taco Bell Gift Cards
Taco Bell Gift Cards are subject to the
Taco Bell Gift Card Terms of Use
.
9. Transactions and Product Availability
Through the Platform, you may be able to order and/or pay for Taco Bell or third-party products or services. To be able to order and pay for such products or services, you must supply certain information relevant to your transaction, including, without limitation, your credit or debit card number, the expiration date of your credit or debit card, the name on your credit or debit card, your billing address, and/or your Taco Bell gift card numbers.
You may also be asked to supply delivery or shipping information. You represent and warrant that you have the legal right to use any credit or debit card or other payment method utilized in connection with any transaction. By submitting such information, you grant to Taco Bell and/or the any required third parties the right to provide and transmit such information for purposes of facilitating the completion of transactions initiated by you or on your behalf. Verification of information may be required prior to the acknowledgment or completion of any transaction.
Taco Bell may permit you, through the Platform, to order menu items or other products or services from a Taco Bell location. You agree that your order is an offer to buy, under these Terms, the products and services listed in your order. Taco Bell may choose not to accept orders through the Platform, in its sole discretion, even after sending a confirmation email with an order number and order details.
All descriptions, images, features, specifications, products, and prices of products or services are subject to change at any time without notice. The inclusion of any products or services on the Platform does not imply or warrant that these products or services will be available. Images of products may not be identical to the product you receive, including due to customizations, your device’s display, and/or factors such as the ingredients used, the supplier, the location, and the season. Taco Bell reserves the right, with or without prior notice, to do any one or more of the following for any reason: (a) limit the available quantity of or discontinue any product or service; (b) impose conditions on the honoring of any coupon, coupon code, promotional code, or other similar promotion; (c) bar you from making or completing any or all transactions; and (d) refuse to provide you with any product or service.
You agree to pay all charges incurred by you, on your behalf, or by your account through the Platform, at the price in effect when such charges are incurred. You are solely responsible for any taxes applicable to your transaction. You acknowledge and agree that web and mobile ordering and the ability to purchase products and services is only available at participating locations (which locations are subject to change without notice). Prices and availability of menu items and customization options vary by location. Posted prices do not include taxes or charges for delivery and handling and any other service fees or charges. All such taxes and charges will be added to your order total, and will be reflected in your shopping cart and in your order confirmation. Taco Bell may charge you convenience or service fee(s) in addition to the amounts charged in connection with a transaction utilizing the Platform, which convenience or service fee(s) will be displayed on the Platform and in your order confirmation. Prices posted on the Platform may be different than prices offered at each Taco Bell location. All prices, discounts, and promotions posted on the Platform are subject to change without notice. The inclusion of any product or service on the Platform does not imply or warrant that these products or services will be available at a particular restaurant.
Taco Bell will not accept returns of products or services purchased through the Platform. You may be entitled to a refund, at the sole discretion of Taco Bell or its agents, based on the individual circumstances underlying each request. All refunds will be processed via the payment method used to place the applicable order. Please allow at least four weeks for any refund to be processed; refund times may vary based on your payment card issuer.
You understand and agree that, except as otherwise set forth herein or as otherwise determined by Taco Bell in Taco Bell in Taco Bell’s sole discretion, you will be charged at the time you place your order for products or services. You further understand and agree that the transaction for the purchase of products or services is final and complete at the time you are charged. Once an order is placed, changes cannot be made to the order except to the extent edit options are made available on the Platform in Taco Bell’s sole discretion. After you have placed an order for delivery (where available) or checked-in by selecting “drive-thru” or “in-store”/“in-restaurant” or you have otherwise directed Taco Bell to begin preparation of your order by means designated by Taco Bell and communicated to you in Taco Bell’s sole discretion, you may not cancel your order. Breakfast items must be picked up before the designated time at the applicable restaurant (which time is subject to change in Taco Bell’s discretion). Except with respect to a Taco Bell in-restaurant ordering kiosk, the Platform’s ordering functionality is intended for off-site use only and is not for use for placing an order from within a Taco Bell restaurant.
In some locations, you may be able to place an order for delivery. Taco Bell and its delivery vendor(s) reserve the right to accept or decline an order for any reason up until the time the product is actually delivered to you. You acknowledge and agree that delivery times may vary and that Taco Bell makes no warranty or guarantee with respect to when your order will be delivered. Time estimates for deliveries are provided for convenience only and are subject to change. Taco Bell is not responsible for inaccurate delivery time estimates. Delivery is not available in all locations and, if delivery is available, it may be available only to a limited geographic area and only for a limited time. Menu items available for delivery, and prices for those items, may vary by restaurant location. Orders for delivery must be placed within delivery times for, and for delivery within the specified radius of, the participating Taco Bell location. Delivery hours may be limited and may vary. You agree that your delivery request (where available) may be fulfilled by a third party in Taco Bell’s discretion. You further acknowledge and agree that there may be delivery fees, service fees, surge fees, small order fees, supplemental fees and charges, driver benefit fees, and other fees and charges associated with orders placed for delivery and that these fees and charges may vary by location and are subject to change at any time. In Taco Bell’s discretion from time to time, menu prices for delivery services may be higher than menu prices at restaurant locations or menu prices available through the Platform for in-restaurant pick-up. Delivery and service fees are not a driver tip or gratuity. A minimum purchase may be required for delivery in Taco Bell’s sole discretion from time to time. Prices posted by third-party delivery sites may be different from prices offered on the Platform or at each Taco Bell location. Taco Bell does not warrant the completeness or accuracy of any information provided by third-party delivery sites. You expressly agree that Taco Bell may provide your contact information, including, without limitation, your telephone number and email address, to its delivery vendor(s) including so that you may receive information regarding your order.
In Taco Bell’s discretion, Taco Bell along with its business partners, my elect to offer wedding and vow renewal packages in select areas in the United States (a “Taco Bell Wedding”). Unless otherwise specified by Taco Bell, all Taco Bell Weddings will be limited to thirty (30) minutes beginning promptly at the time as scheduled by Taco Bell in Taco Bell’s discretion. Couples will be required to provide proof of a valid marriage certificate (except in the case of vow renewals), a valid government photo identification card, and any other items that Taco Bell may request from time to time, in order to access the wedding chapel at the assigned time. Taco Bell weddings are available only for the marriage of two individuals, eighteen years of age or older at the time of the Taco Bell Wedding. Wedding participants and guests are responsible for all costs associated with travel to the Taco Bell Wedding. Wedding participants and guests must wear proper attire. The number of guests available to attend any Taco Bell Wedding will be set by Taco Bell on the Platform prior to the purchase of a Taco Bell Wedding. Taco Bell makes no representation or warranty with respect to the legal sufficiency of the marriage certificate or the legal impact of any Taco Bell Wedding. Taco Bell Wedding purchases are non-refundable. Taco Bell Wedding participants and guests are not permitted to bring outside food or beverages (including, without limitation, alcohol or cake) to the wedding event. For the avoidance of doubt, Taco Bell reserves the right to modify the Taco Bell Wedding packages available through the Platform from time to time in Taco Bell’s sole discretion.
Taco Bell may contact purchaser with a short online survey to collect feedback related to their Taco Bell experience.
ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES DESCRIBED ON THE PLATFORM ARE OFFERED ONLY IN JURISDICTIONS WHERE THEY MAY BE LEGALLY OFFERED FOR SALE. THE INFORMATION ON THE PLATFORM IS NOT AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION BY ANYONE IN ANY JURISDICTION IN WHICH AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION CANNOT LEGALLY BE MADE, OR ANY PERSON TO WHOM IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE A SOLICITATION.
10. Taco Bell Rewards Program
The Taco Bell Rewards Program (“Program” or “Loyalty Program”) is a promotional program offered by Taco Bell. Under the Program, you can earn Points (as hereafter defined) by making qualifying purchases via the methods specified by Taco Bell (in Taco Bell’s discretion from time to time) at participating Taco Bell restaurants at “In-Store” counters and “Drive-Thru” in the fifty (50) United States and D.C. and for Mobile App and tacobell.com qualifying purchases, by completing a check-in by selecting “Drive-Thru”, “In-Store”/“In-Restaurant” (or any other check-in method offered by Taco Bell from time to time) for such purchase (collectively, a “Qualifying Purchase”). You can use these Points to obtain a preselected list of reward items (referred to generally as “Reward(s)”). Below is a detailed description of the Program and the terms and conditions that apply to your participation in the Program (the “Program Terms”). Please note that by using the App or otherwise participating in the Program, you are agreeing to be bound by the Agreement, including, without limitation, all Program Terms. The Program shall be included in the definition of the “Platform” hereunder.
You should not rely upon the continued availability of the Program or any Points accumulated in connection therewith.
THE PROGRAM IS VOID WHERE PROHIBITED. TACO BELL RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MODIFY OR TERMINATE THE LOYALTY PROGRAM IN ANY MANNER, IN WHOLE OR PART, EVEN THOUGH SUCH CHANGES MAY AFFECT THE REDEMPTION VALUE OF THE POINTS AND/OR REWARDS ALREADY ACCUMULATED.
a. Changes to the Program; Program Termination
Taco Bell may modify, restrict, or change the Program and/or the Program structure at any time, which changes may include, but are not limited to, changing the number of Points you may earn for a particular type of activity or the number of Points needed to reach a particular Tier Level (as described below) or to redeem a particular Reward, the method by which you can record your Qualifying Purchases, the types of Rewards available, omitting or adding Reward levels or categories, imposing, increasing, or eliminating points caps or imposing Program fees, or changing the conditions under which Points or Rewards expire or are forfeited.
Taco Bell reserves the right to suspend or terminate the Program at any time. You must redeem and use all Points and Rewards before expiration, or the effective date of termination, or those unused Points/Rewards shall be forfeited. Points earned through prior loyalty programs that have been terminated will not be honored. No extensions, cash refunds, or other exchanges will be allowed for expired rewards Points.
b. Eligibility
Participation in the Program is open to legal residents of the fifty (50) United States and the District of Columbia, who are age sixteen (16) years of age or older, and who have created a Taco Bell account, all at the time of purchase. The Program is not targeted towards and is not intended for use by anyone under the age of 16. If you are between the age of 16 and 18, you may only accrue Points and use Rewards under the supervision of your parent or legal guardian, who agrees to be bound by these Program Terms.
c. Participation
Except as otherwise communicated by Taco Bell from time to time, to participate in the Program, you must have the Taco Bell Mobile App and a Taco Bell account (you can create one for free using the Mobile App or on tacobell.com) (“Account”). Limit: one (1) Account per person/email address, regardless of whether more than one person uses the same email address. Taco Bell may revise the methods in which a consumer can create an Account at any time. During the term of the Program (as determined by Taco Bell in Taco Bell’s sole discretion), when you log into your Account, you will be enrolled in the Program and your loyalty account (“Loyalty Account”) will automatically be established. You acknowledge and agree that Taco Bell may send you information and notices regarding your Loyalty Account and the Program by email, push notification, or other means based on the information you provide to Taco Bell. You acknowledge and agree that Taco Bell shall have no liability associated with or arising from your failure to maintain accurate Account information, including, but not limited to, your failure to receive critical information about the Program.
d. Earning Points
Designated qualifying food and beverages purchases made through your Account on the Mobile App or at tacobell.com for in-store counter pickup or drive-thru may be deemed “Qualifying Purchases” and eligible for the accrual of Program points (“Points”). At any time, Taco Bell may add, eliminate, or otherwise change the methods of pickup that qualify as “Qualifying Purchases.” Except as may otherwise be determined by Taco Bell (in Taco Bell’s sole discretion), you must pick up your Order (if placed on Mobile App or tacobell.com) for that purchase to constitute a “Qualifying Purchase.” No partial Points will be awarded. For the avoidance of doubt, taxes and purchases of merchandise, alcohol, charity donations, gift cards, and delivery orders not placed on the Mobile App or
tacobell.com
will not constitute Qualifying Purchases hereunder unless otherwise expressly designated by Taco Bell.
Once you complete your Program enrollment, you will start earning Points for Qualifying Purchases. After you check-in for a Qualifying Purchase, please allow up to forty-eight (48) hours for Points to be deposited into your Loyalty Account. Taco Bell will not be liable for any failure to credit Points in a timely manner.
For eligible Mobile App users with Accounts established prior to the start of the Program, you will earn Points for your Qualifying Purchases beginning on the date that the Program is first available to you in your Mobile App once you have agreed to the Program Terms. For eligible tacobell.com users with Accounts, you will earn Points for your Qualifying Purchases once you enroll in the Program and make a Qualifying Purchase and agree to the Program Terms. Purchases made before such date shall not constitute Qualifying Purchases. Purchases made before you agree to the Program Terms shall not constitute Qualifying Purchases. You will earn the number of Points for each Qualifying Purchase as set forth at
https://www.tacobell.com/faqs/ordering/rewards
, which is subject to change from time to time in Taco Bell’s sole discretion. Total Point accruals may only be accessible via the Mobile App. You may only earn Points on up to three (3) transactions in every 12 hour period regardless of the number of Qualifying Purchases made in such 12 hour period.
Taco Bell allows the earning of Points by making in-store counter purchases at participating Taco Bell restaurants (each, a “Barcode Participating Restaurant”). Barcode Participating Restaurants are subject to change in Taco Bell’s discretion. You will need to ask for your receipt for your in-store purchase at a Barcode Participating Restaurant, which receipt will have a printed Program barcode (“Barcode”) at the bottom. Only Barcode Participating Restaurants will have Barcodes printed on receipts. To earn Points on an in-store purchase: (a) make a Qualifying Purchase at a Barcode Participating Restaurant at the front counter or the drive-thru, (b) open your Loyalty Account on the Mobile App, and (c) elect either to digitally scan the Barcode using the Barcode scanning functionality in the Mobile App after giving the Mobile App permission to access your device’s camera functionality, or manually enter the Barcode using the App’s manual entry functionality (each, a “Scan”).
You must Scan the Barcode into your Account on the Mobile App within five (5) days of your Qualifying Purchase associated with the Barcode (unless otherwise designated by Taco Bell), otherwise such Qualifying Purchase (and any potential corresponding Points) shall be forfeited for purposes of the Program. Additionally, for the avoidance of doubt, you may only earn Points on up to three (3) transactions in every 12 hour period, regardless of the number of Scans or when a receipt is Scanned.
Barcodes are not transferrable and may only be Scanned into the Account owned by the purchaser. Each Barcode may only be Scanned one (1) time. Taco Bell reserves the right to limit the number of Barcode Scans per person/Loyalty Account in its sole discretion. If Taco Bell believes you have provided fraudulent, duplicitous, or unlawful Barcodes or Scans, it reserves the right to remove any such Points or Rewards from your Account and/or disqualify you from the Program.
Taco Bell allows the earning of Points by making in-store purchases at participating Taco Bell restaurants via kiosks located in the restaurant (each, a “Kiosk Participating Restaurant”). Kiosk Participating Restaurants are subject to change in Taco Bell’s discretion. If you are enrolled in the Program and you enter your Account email address into the kiosk when prompted and select any one the receipt options presented after purchase, the Points from a Qualifying Purchase will be applied to your Account within 48 hours of purchase.
From time to time in Taco Bell’s sole discretion, Taco Bell may allow the earning of Points, redeeming of offers or Rewards, and/or other Loyalty Program features and benefits (collectively “Loyalty Benefits”) for in-store counter, kiosk, and drive-thru transactions at participating Taco Bell restaurants through the use of a unique four-digit code (each, a “Four-Digit Code”) that may be accessible through participating versions of the Mobile App when visiting a Four-Digit Code participating Taco Bell restaurant (each, a “Participating Four-Digit Code Restaurant”). Participating Four-Digit Code Restaurants are limited and are subject to change at any time in Taco Bell’s sole discretion.
In order to obtain a Four-Digit Code, Loyalty Program members must: (a) enable the Mobile App’s collection of precise geolocation information; (b) open the Mobile App while at a Participating Four-Digit Code Restaurant; and (c) click the check-in button on the Mobile App. To access Loyalty Benefits using a Four-Digit Code while placing an order or making a purchase at a Participating Four-Digit Code Restaurant either in-store at the counter or in the drive-thru, a Loyalty Program participant must verbally provide their active Four-Digit Code to the Taco Bell team member taking the order at any point prior to the processing of payment for a Qualifying Purchase. To access Loyalty Benefits using a Four-Digit Code while placing an order or making a purchase at a Participating Four-Digit Code Restaurant using a kiosk, a Loyalty Program participant must enter the Four-Digit Code on the kiosk prior to completing a transaction for a Qualifying Purchase. For fraud prevention purposes, after providing a Four-Digit Code to the Taco Bell team member taking the order or entering the Four-Digit Code on a kiosk, the ability to redeem Rewards through other redemption methods may be temporarily suspended in Taco Bell’s discretion.
Allow up to 48 hours following a Qualifying Purchase using a Four-Digit Code for associated Points to be credited. Four-Digit Codes are not transferable and may only be used once by the Account owner. Four Digit Codes expire shortly after receipt in Taco Bell’s sole discretion.
Taco Bell reserves the right to limit the offers, Rewards, and other Loyalty Program features and benefits displayed or otherwise made available for use or redemption through the use of a Four-Digit Code. Participants may only use one method of obtaining Points per Qualifying Purchase. Taco Bell reserves the right to limit the availability of Four-Digit Codes and the number of Four-Digit Codes per person/Loyalty Account in its sole discretion. If Taco Bell believes a participant has provided fraudulent, duplicitous, or unlawful Four-Digit Codes, Taco Bell reserves the right to remove any corresponding Points or Rewards from the associated Account and/or disqualify the participant from the Program. For the avoidance of doubt, a participant may only earn Points on up to three (3) transactions in every 12 hour period regardless of the method of earning Points.
From time to time, Taco Bell, or others acting with Taco Bell’s permission, may award additional Points for certain types of Qualifying Purchases or for other reasons for a limited period of time (“Bonus Points”). Bonus Points will contribute towards reaching the Tier Level (as hereafter defined), but Bonus Points may not otherwise qualify for certain Rewards in Taco Bell’s discretion. In such instances, Bonus Points will be awarded/redeemed as described in their promotional offer and will be subject to any additional terms set forth in such promotional offer.
If at any time your Account is not in good standing, no additional Points may accrue with respect to any Qualifying Purchase you make until your Account returns to good standing. Points have no cash or other value and may be used only to obtain Rewards in the Program. Points accrued in your Loyalty Account do not constitute your property and do not entitle a participant to a vested right or interest. Points may be revoked, canceled, limited, or modified at any time, even though such action may affect your right to use previously accumulated Points. You may not purchase Points or transfer Points from one Loyalty Account to another Loyalty Account. You also may not transfer or sell any Points or your Loyalty Account. Taco Bell is not liable for Points that are lost, suspended, delayed, uncredited, or revoked due to suspected or actual fraudulent, unauthorized, illegitimate, or other unacceptable use.
e. Tier Levels
From time to time, Taco Bell may establish various tier levels in connection with the Program (“Tier Levels”). Except as otherwise determined by Taco Bell in Taco Bell’s sole discretion, each Loyalty Account’s Tier Level is set for a calendar year; at the end of each calendar year (unless you have qualified for a heightened Tier Level for the upcoming year), your Account may be reset to the entry Tier Level. Your Tier Level will be determined by your previous calendar year’s Point accumulation. At the launch of the Program, the Tier Levels are as follows: 1) Hot and 2) Fire. These Tier Levels are subject to change and Taco Bell may increase or decrease the number of Tier Levels and the Points and Rewards that can be earned in each Tier Level, all in its sole discretion. If you earn enough Points to qualify for the next Tier Level, you may be elevated to the next Tier Level for the remainder of the current year and will be elevated for the next calendar year. When you join the Program, your starting Tier Level will be determined by Taco Bell, in its sole discretion.
f. Points Expiration/Forfeiture
All Points will expire six (6) months after the calendar month during which the Points were earned, unless they are converted into a Reward. For example, if you earn 50 Points on April 5, those 50 Points will expire on November 1 if you do not earn a Reward by November 1. Your Points will be forfeited if your Account or Loyalty Account is terminated and/or deleted by you or by Taco Bell. You may not be provided with notice of expiration or forfeiture of Points. You are not entitled to compensation from Taco Bell or from any other entity if your Points expire or are forfeited for any reason.
g. Rewards and Reward Expiration
When two hundred fifty (250) Points (or other amount of required Points as indicated by Taco Bell) are earned within the timeframes set forth herein, those 250 earned Points will automatically convert to a Reward, and the 250 Points shall be deducted from your Loyalty Account and shall no longer be usable for Reward redemption. For the current list and description of the Rewards available at each Tier Level, please visit
https://www.tacobell.com/faqs/ordering/rewards
. The selection of available Reward items is determined by Taco Bell and the selection and/or the number of Points needed to earn the Rewards may change from time to time without notice to you. All Rewards are subject to availability and must be redeemed in a US store. Points are only redeemable for Rewards. Your Rewards will be forfeited if your Account or Loyalty Account is terminated and/or deleted by you or by Taco Bell.
For instructions on how to redeem your Reward, read the Frequently Asked Questions available at
https://www.tacobell.com/faqs/ordering/rewards
. Limit: One (1) Reward per transaction. Except as otherwise designated by Taco Bell, you may not combine Reward redemption with any other offers. From time to time, Taco Bell may limit the amount of Rewards you can redeem within a specified time period. Rewards and Points are not transferrable, non-divisible, and may not be combined with other Loyalty Program’s accounts. Offline redemption is not currently available; currently, the only way to redeem Points and Rewards is via the Mobile App.
Each Reward may be subject to terms and conditions specific to the Reward. You will be responsible for any cost(s) associated with any customizations, additions, or changes you make to a Reward item, including any sales tax on such changes. Unless otherwise indicated, Rewards earned through Qualifying Purchases must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of being posted to a Loyalty Account or they will be forfeited. Please see each Reward’s expiration date in the Mobile App. Rewards earned or obtained through other methods may have different eligible redemption periods or criteria as may be communicated by Taco Bell from time to time in Taco Bell’s sole discretion. Taco Bell is not liable to you if a Reward expires prior to your use of the Reward. An expired Reward will no longer be available for use or redemption. You can only acquire Rewards to the extent that you have the required number of Points in your Loyalty Account or to the extent Taco Bell elects to offer any other Reward method. You cannot combine Points in one Loyalty Account with Points in other Loyalty Accounts. Once a redemption order is placed or the Reward expires, your Loyalty Account will show a deduction of the Reward. Rewards are subject to availability at participating Taco Bells in the fifty (50) US and D.C.
h. Loyalty Referral Program
From time to time in Taco Bell’s discretion, Taco Bell may offer a loyalty referral program (the “Loyalty Referral Program”) that allows existing Taco Bell Loyalty Program members in good standing (each, an “Eligible Referrer”) to earn a certain Taco Bell reward (which reward may be communicated by Taco Bell from time to time) for a Successful Referral (as hereafter defined) (each, a “Loyalty Referral Reward”).  
 
A “Successful Referral” means a referral by an Eligible Referrer of an individual who is not an existing Taco Bell Account holder but is eligible to become a Taco Bell Loyalty Program member (each, an “Eligible Referree”) where such Eligible Referree:
clicks or enters the unique URL provided by the Eligible Referrer or scans the referral QR code provided by the Eligible Referrer (each, a “Qualified Referral Mechanism”) to download the Taco Bell mobile app (if not already downloaded) promptly after using the Qualified Referral Mechanism;
within fifteen (15) minutes of clicking, entering, or scanning the Qualified Referral Mechanism (and, if not already downloaded, downloading the Taco Bell mobile app), opens the Taco Bell mobile app on the same device on which the Qualified Referral Mechanism was used;
within fourteen (14) days of opening the Taco Bell mobile app establishes a Taco Bell Account from within the Taco Bell mobile app on the same device on which the Qualified Referral Mechanism was used; and
subsequently completes a Loyalty Referral Qualifying Purchase (as hereafter defined) within sixty (60) days of signing up for a Taco Bell Account on such device.
The Eligible Referrer must be, and the Eligible Referree must become (by completing the steps set forth immediately above), Taco Bell Loyalty Program members in good standing in order to receive a Loyalty Referral Reward.  An Eligible Referrer can access their Qualified Referral Mechanism within the Taco Bell mobile app by clicking on the Rewards icon on the bottom of the Taco Bell mobile app screen while logged in. When sharing their Qualified Referral Mechanism, an Eligible Referrer must clearly and conspicuously disclose that the Eligible Referrer might receive a reward in connection with the referral.
A “Loyalty Referral Qualifying Purchase” means a completed order at Taco Bell restaurants located in the United States of one dollar ($1) or more, excluding taxes and fees, where such order is placed using the Eligible Referree’s Taco Bell Account (established in accordance with these Loyalty Referral Program terms) on the Taco Bell mobile app or website, in-store kiosk, or using a Four-Digit Code (as hereafter defined). The purchase of alcohol or a Taco Bell gift card shall not constitute a Loyalty Referral Qualifying Purchase. Each Eligible Referrer may receive a maximum of ten (10) Loyalty Referral Rewards per thirty (30) day rolling period. Taco Bell reserves the right to limit or otherwise modify this maximum at any time.
Subject to these Terms, both the Eligible Referrer and the Eligible Referree will receive a Loyalty Referral Reward for each Successful Referral subject to the maximum limits as communicated by Taco Bell.  The current Loyalty Referral Reward is one (1) Nacho Cheese Doritos® Locos Tacos (with no substitutions or add-ons) and is subject to change at any time in Taco Bell’s sole discretion. Loyalty Referral Rewards will be added to the Eligible Referrer’s and Eligible Referree’s Account within approximately one (1) day following Taco Bell’s verification of a Successful Referral.  Loyalty Referral Rewards expire thirty (30) days from the date the Loyalty Referral Reward is added to the applicable Taco Bell Account. Loyalty Referral Rewards are non-transferable and cannot be combined with other Rewards or offers.
In the event an Eligible Referree is referred by multiple Eligible Referrers and the Eligible Referree visits websites or otherwise enters URLs associated with multiple Qualified Referral Mechanisms before creating the Eligible Referree’s Taco Bell Account, the Loyalty Referral Reward will be provided to the Eligible Referrer whose Qualified Referral Mechanism was last used on the Eligible Referree’s mobile device that is used to create the Taco Bell Account.
By sharing a Qualified Referral Mechanism or otherwise participating in the Loyalty Referral Program, the participant represents and warrants that they will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in connection with such sharing and participation.  Limit one (1) Taco Bell Account per person; establishing or attempting to establish multiple Taco Bell Accounts may result in suspension or termination of any such Taco Bell Accounts and ineligibility to receive any Loyalty Referral Reward or any other Reward. Taco Bell reserves the right to suspend or terminate any participation in the Loyalty Referral Program, including, without limitation, for fraud, abuse, misuse, harassment, or other inappropriate or suspicious activity.
Taco Bell may suspend, change, or cancel the Loyalty Referral Program at any time, without prior notice.  Participants understand and agree that after the Loyalty Referral Program has been terminated, the Qualified Referral Mechanism will no longer function in a manner that will confer a Loyalty Referral Reward, even if such Qualified Referral Mechanism was shared or distributed prior to such termination.
i. Miscellaneous Loyalty Program Details
You can view certain Loyalty Account activity on the Mobile App and only on the Mobile App. If your password or other proprietary information about your Loyalty Account is lost or stolen, or if the e-mail account associated with your Loyalty Account is compromised, please contact
https://www.tacobell.com/contact-us
. Taco Bell is not responsible or liable for any Points or Rewards redeemed or used on your Loyalty Account through a lost or stolen password or a compromised e-mail account. If you have a problem or question regarding the Program or your Loyalty Account, send an e-mail to the e-mail address
rewards@tacobell.com
. If you do not wish to participate in this Program, place orders on the web as a “guest” instead of as a logged-in Account user.
These Program Terms shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. If any provision of these Program Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be modified or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary and the remaining provisions shall be enforced. We reserve the right to terminate your access to and ability to participate in the Program (or any portion thereof), deactivate your Account, your Loyalty Account, and/or immediately invalidate all or any portion of your Points for any reason and at any time in Taco Bell’s sole discretion, including (without limitation) in the event of fraud, a violation of these Program Terms, or other acts/omissions that Taco Bell deems unacceptable (with or without notice). These rights are in addition to any other legal or equitable remedy that may be available to Taco Bell under applicable law.
11. Representations, Disclaimer of Warranties, and Limitations of Liability
Taco Bell And Its Parents, Subsidiaries, Officers, Employees, And Website Contractors And Each Of Their Officers, Employees, And Agents (Collectively, “Taco Bell Affiliates”) Make No Representation Or Warranty Whatsoever Regarding The Completeness, Accuracy, Timeliness, Or Adequacy Of Any Information, Facts, Views, Opinions, Statements, Or Recommendations Contained On The Platform. Reference To Any Product, Process, Publication, Or Service Of Any Third Party By Trade Name, Domain Name, Trademark, Service Mark, Logo, Manufacturer, Or Otherwise Does Not Constitute Or Imply Its Endorsement Or Recommendation By Taco Bell Or The Taco Bell Affiliates.
Taco Bell And The Taco Bell Affiliates Are Not Responsible For Any Resulting Damage To Any User’s Device Or Computer From Any Virus, Bug, Tampering, Unauthorized Intervention, Fraud, Error, Omission, Interruption, Deletion, Defect, Delay In Operation Or Transmission, Computer Line Failure, Or Any Other Technical Or Other Malfunction. You Should Also Be Aware That E-Mail And Other Submissions Over The Internet May Not Be Secure And You Should Consider This Before E-Mailing Taco Bell Or The Taco Bell Affiliates Any Information Or Posting Information To The Platform. Taco Bell And The Taco Bell Affiliates Make No Representation Or Warranty Whatsoever Regarding The Suitability, Functionality, Performance, Availability, Or Operation Of The Platform. This Platform May Be Temporarily Unavailable Due To Maintenance, Malfunction Of Computer Equipment, Or Other Reasons.
THE PLATFORM (INCLUDING ALL PLATFORM UPDATES),THE SERVICES, AND THE CONTENT ARE MADE AVAILABLE ON AN “AS IS,” “AS AVAILABLE,” AND “WITH ALL FAULTS” BASIS. TACO BELL AND THE TACO BELL AFFILIATES SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, WITH RESPECT TO THE PLATFORM, THE SERVICES, AND THE CONTENT. TACO BELL DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN OR SERVICES PERFORMED, PROVIDED, OR ENABLED BY OR THROUGH THE PLATFORM (INCLUDING ANY PLATFORM UPDATES) WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE PLATFORM, (INCLUDING ANY PLATFORM UPDATES) WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE PLATFORM (INCLUDING ANY PLATFORM UPDATES) WILL BE CORRECTED. No Oral Or Written Information Or Advice Given By Taco Bell Or An Authorized Representative Shall Be Deemed To Alter This Disclaimer Of Warranty, Or To Create Any Warranty. Should The Platform Prove Defective, You Assume The Entire Cost Of All Necessary Servicing, Repair Or Correction.
YOU AGREE THAT TACO BELL AND THE TACO BELL AFFILIATES ARE NOT LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER BASED IN TORT, CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (COLLECTIVELY, “DAMAGES”) RESULTING IN ANY WAY FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH: (A) THE PLATFORM, THE SERVICES, THE CONTENT, MESSAGES, AND/OR ANY SERVICES PERFORMED THROUGH THE PLATFORM OR ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE; (B) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE TECHNICAL OPERATION OR CONTENT OF THE PLATFORM; (C) ANY ACTION TAKEN IN CONNECTION WITH AN INVESTIGATION BY TACO BELL, LAW ENFORCEMENT, OR OTHER AUTHORITIES REGARDING YOUR USE OF THE PLATFORM OR THE CONTENT OR PARTICIPATION IN ANY SERVICES; (D) ANY ACTION TAKEN IN CONNECTION WITH COPYRIGHT OWNERS; OR (E) THE CONDUCT, ACTIONS, OR INACTIONS OF PLATFORM USERS OR YOUR INTERACTIONS OR RELATIONSHIPS WITH PLATFORM USERS, EVEN IF TACO BELL OR THE TACO BELL AFFILIATES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER CAUSED IN WHOLE OR IN PART BY NEGLIGENCE, ACTS OF GOD, TELECOMMUNICATIONS FAILURE, OR THEFT OR DESTRUCTION OF, OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, THE PLATFORM OR ITS RELATED INFORMATION OR PROGRAMS. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, OR THE DISCLAIMER OF SOME TYPES OF DAMAGES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU AND THE FOREGOING PARAGRAPH SHALL NOT APPLY TO A RESIDENT OF JERSEY TO THE EXTENT DAMAGES TO SUCH NEW JERSEY RESIDENT ARE THE RESULT OF TACO BELL’S NEGLIGENT, FRAUDULENT, OR RECKLESS ACT(S) OR INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT.
THE PLATFORM MAY CONTAIN FACTS, OPINIONS, VIEWS, STATEMENTS, AND RECOMMENDATIONS OF THIRD PARTY INDIVIDUALS AND ORGANIZATIONS. TACO BELL DOES NOT REPRESENT OR ENDORSE THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, OR RELIABILITY OF ANY FACTS, OPINIONS, VIEWS, STATEMENTS, OR RECOMMENDATIONS OR OTHER INFORMATION DISPLAYED, UPLOADED, OR DISTRIBUTED THROUGH THE PLATFORM. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ANY RELIANCE UPON ANY SUCH FACTS, OPINIONS, VIEWS, STATEMENTS, OR RECOMMENDATIONS IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. IN NO EVENT WILL TACO BELL OR THE TACO BELL AFFILIATES BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR LOSS OR INJURY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, OR THE DISCLAIMER OF SOME TYPES OF DAMAGES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
12. Links to Third-Party Platforms and Services
The Platform May Provide Connectivity Or Links To Other Third-Party Services, Websites, Applications, Software, And Other Content From Third-Party Providers Such As Social Media Partners, Wireless Carriers, And Third-Party Software Application Developers (“Third-Party Services”). The Platform May Allow You To Add/Configure Certain Third-Party Services To Your Device. The Platform May Also Permit You To Login To The Platform Through A Facebook Or Other Social Media Account. Taco Bell Has No Control Over, Makes No Representations Or Warranties Whatsoever About Any Of The Third-Party Services That You May Access, Is Not Responsible For The Availability Of Such Third-Party Services, And Does Not Endorse Nor Is Responsible Or Liable For Any Content Or Other Materials On Or Available From Such Third-Party Services. Your Use Of The Third-Party Services May Be Subject To Additional Terms, Including Software License Terms, Of Those Third Parties.
If You Use Third-Party Services, You Agree That You Are Aware That Account And Other Personal Information Held By Those Third Parties May Be Transmitted Through And Stored On Taco Bell Servers And/Or Applications Located In The United States And Elsewhere. You Understand And Agree That The Companies That Provide The Third-Party Services May Access, Use And Share Certain Information About You, If You Use The Third-Party Services. You Understand And Agree Taco Bell Is Not Responsible For These Companies, Or Their Use Of Any Other Of Your Information. Your Use Of The Third-Party Services Is At Your Own Risk.
13. Assignment
Taco Bell May Assign This Agreement, In Whole Or In Part, At Any Time With Or Without Notice To You. You May Not Assign This Agreement, Or Any Part Of It, To Any Other Person. Any Attempt By You To Do So Is Void. You May Not Transfer To Anyone Else, Either Temporarily Or Permanently, Any Rights To Use All Or Any Part Of The Platform. To The Extent That You Allow A Third Party To Use Your Device, You Shall Remain Solely Responsible For The Use Of The Platform By Others Using The Device.
14. General
BY ACCESSING THIS PLATFORM, REGISTERING WITH THE PLATFORM, PARTICIPATING IN THE SERVICES, AND/OR ACCEPTING ANY INFORMATION OR SERVICES FROM OR THROUGH THIS PLATFORM YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND, AND HOLD TACO BELL AND THE TACO BELL AFFILIATES HARMLESS FROM AND AGAINST ANY ACTUAL OR ALLEGED CLAIMS, DEMANDS, CAUSES OF ACTION, JUDGMENTS, DAMAGES, LOSSES, LIABILITIES, AND ALL COSTS AND EXPENSES OF DEFENSE (INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS’ FEES AND COURT COSTS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO: (A) YOUR BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT; (B) YOUR VIOLATION OF ANY LOCAL, STATE, FEDERAL, OR INTERNATIONAL LAW, RULE, OR REGULATION; (C) A CLAIM BY A THIRD PARTY THAT IS BASED ON YOUR USE OF THE PLATFORM OR THE CONTENT OR PARTICIPATION IN THE SERVICES; (D) INFORMATION, UGC, OR MATERIAL POSTED OR TRANSMITTED THROUGH YOUR DEVICE, COMPUTER, OR ACCOUNT, EVEN IF NOT SUBMITTED BY YOU; (E) ANY MISREPRESENTATION MADE BY YOU; (F) ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN YOU AND ANOTHER USER OF THE PLATFORM OR PARTICIPANT IN THE SERVICES; (G) THE THEFT, MISAPPROPRIATION, MISUSE, OR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PASSWORD OR OTHER ACCOUNT DETAILS OR THE E-MAIL ACCOUNT ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR TACO BELL ACCOUNT; (H) YOUR AUTHORIZATION OF ANYONE ELSE TO USE YOUR PASSWORD OR THE E-MAIL ACCOUNT ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR TACO BELL ACCOUNT; AND/OR (I) YOUR USE OF ANY OF THE SERVICES PROVIDED THROUGH THE PLATFORM, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, INJURY TO OR DEATH OF ANY PERSON OR DAMAGE TO ANY PROPERTY. YOU WILL COOPERATE AS FULLY AND AS REASONABLY REQUIRED IN TACO BELL’S DEFENSE OF ANY CLAIM. TACO BELL RESERVES THE RIGHT, AT ITS OWN EXPENSE, TO ASSUME THE EXCLUSIVE DEFENSE AND CONTROL OF ANY MATTER OTHERWISE SUBJECT TO INDEMNIFICATION BY YOU, AND YOU SHALL NOT, IN ANY EVENT, SETTLE ANY MATTER WITHOUT THE WRITTEN CONSENT OF TACO BELL.
15. Additional Terms for Users of the Mobile App Platform
Users of the mobile app platform expressly consent to receive push notifications from and on behalf of Taco Bell.
16. Users of the Apple Mobile App Platform
If you download and/or use the iPhone or iPad platform: you, the end-user of this platform, acknowledge that this agreement is entered into by and between Taco Bell and you and not with Apple, Inc., and Apple, Inc. is not responsible for the platform and/or its content. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you acknowledge that Apple, Inc. and its subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of this agreement and that Apple, Inc. has the right (and is deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this agreement. You acknowledge that Apple, Inc. has no obligation whatsoever to maintain or support the platform. You acknowledge that you have reviewed the app store Terms and Conditions located online at
https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/us/terms.html#apps
. This agreement incorporates by reference the licensed platform end user license agreement (the “laeula”) published by Apple, Inc. located online at
https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/dev/stdeula
. For purposes of this agreement, the platform is considered the “licensed platform” as defined in the LAEULA and Taco Bell is considered the “platform provider” as defined in the LAEULA. If any terms of this agreement conflict with the terms of the LAEULA, the terms of this agreement shall control. You further acknowledge and agree that in no event will Apple, Inc. be responsible for any claims relating to the platform (including, without limitation, a third party claim that the platform infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights) or your use or possession of the platform, including but not limited to: (a) product liability claims; (b) any claim that the platform fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (c) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. You acknowledge and agree that, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple, Inc. will have no warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the platform.
17. Mobile App Platform Updates
Taco Bell may make available for download certain platform updates or upgrades to the platform to update, enhance, or further develop the platform (“platform updates”). The license granted herein allows you to download and use the platform updates to update the platform on any device that you own or control. This agreement does not allow you to update devices that you do not own or control, and you may not make the platform updates available over a network where it could be used by multiple devices or multiple computers at the same time. You may not make any copies of the platform updates, unless such copy is authorized in writing by Taco Bell.
Except as and only to the extent permitted by applicable law, or by licensing terms governing use of open-sourced components included with the platform, you may not copy, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or create derivative works of the platform, platform updates, or any part thereof. Any attempt to do so is a violation of the rights of Taco Bell and its licensors of the platform and platform updates. By storing content on your device, you are making a digital copy. In some jurisdictions, it is unlawful to make digital copies without prior permission from the rights holder. The platform and platform updates may be used to reproduce materials so long as such use is limited to reproduction of non-copyrighted materials, materials in which you own the copyright, or materials you are authorized or legally permitted to reproduce.
Taco Bell may, at its discretion, automatically upload platform updates to your device. you agree to accept these platform updates, and to pay for any costs associated with receiving them. The platform and platform updates are subject to United States export laws and regulations. you must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the platform and platform updates. These laws include restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use.
18. Patent Disclosure
Digital ordering is covered under patents 6,384,850, 6,871,325, 6,982,722, and 8,146, 077, which is owned by Ameranth, Inc. and used with permission by Taco Bell Corp.
Certain elements of the Taco Bell mobile app are licensed pursuant to one or more of the United States patents described at
https://www.35usc287.com/mobile
.
19. Notice To California Users
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, users located in California are entitled to the following consumer rights notice: If a user has a question or complaint regarding the Services, please send an email to
digitalsupport@tacobell.com
or call us at 1-800-822-6235. Users may also contact us by writing to
https://www.tacobell.com/contact-us
. California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.
20. Privacy Policy
By using, communicating through, or submitting information through the Services, you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with the
Taco Bell Privacy Policy
, which is hereby incorporated by reference into this Agreement.
21. Donations to Taco Bell Foundation
Taco Bell customers can round up their purchase total to the nearest dollar and donate the change to Taco Bell Foundation (“Foundation”), a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt public charity that educates and inspires the next generation of leaders through programming like the Live Más Scholarship and the Community Grants Program. Donations are tax-deductible to the fullest extent allowed by law. Donations from Taco Bell’s Round-Up program are sent to the Foundation no later than 30 days after the end of the month in which the donations are made. In accordance with California law, the Foundation may be ineligible to be sent funds donated online by California residents if the Foundation is not in good standing with applicable laws. In addition, to comply with California law, Taco Bell customers in California who donate to the Foundation online via Taco Bell’s website or mobile app must be given the option to share their name and contact information with the Foundation. While the Foundation does not use Round-Up donor information for any communication purposes, any information collected by the Foundation will be in compliance with applicable laws. Please see Taco Bell’s
privacy policy
. If any California resident would like to share their contact information with the Foundation, email
tacobellfoundation@tacobell.com
. To learn more about the Foundation, visit
TacoBellFoundation.org
.
© 2024 Taco Bell Corp. All rights reserved.
Last updated April 18, 2024.
Redeem exclusive rewards only on the app.
scan to Download
taco bell app!
Download app
About us
Explore
Contact Us
At participating U.S. Taco Bell® locations. Contact restaurant for prices, hours & participation, which vary. Tax extra. 2,000 calories a day used for general nutrition advice, but calorie needs vary. Additional nutrition information available upon request.
©2025 Taco Bell IP Holder, LLC. All Rights Reserved. TACO BELL, the Bell logo, and other marks are the property of Taco Bell IP Holder, LLC. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
|
Cookie Settings
This website uses certain cookies and other tracking technologies (“cookies”) employed by Yum! Brands and the companies we work with to automatically collect information about how you access and use our sites and services. We and our advertising and analytics partners may use this information to help us enable and improve site functionality, analyze site usage and assist in our marketing and targeted advertising efforts. Please see our
Privacy Policy
and
Supplemental Privacy Notice for U.S. Residents
for more on how we collect, use, share, sell, and retain personal information and how to exercise privacy rights. By accessing or continuing to use our site, or by clicking "AGREE," you agree to these policies and our
Terms of Use
which may impact certain important rights. You may opt out of sale and targeted advertising activities or otherwise change your cookie settings by clicking the "COOKIE PREFERENCES” button.
AGREE
ONLY NECESSARY
COOKIE PREFERENCES
See our privacy policy
Switch language