Terms and conditions
Last updated: 13 March 2025

Taste.com.au and Australia’s best recipes – Site and App terms of use

These are our terms for use of this website (Site) or application (App). These Terms & Conditions (terms) apply whenever you access the Site or App, regardless of how you do so.

References in these terms to Media are references to both the Site and the App, unless expressly stated otherwise.

Terms of Use of Media

News Life Media Pty Limited (News), is the owner and operator of the Media.
Each user of any of the Media (User or you) agrees to be bound by these terms. Your use of and access to any of the Media indicates your acceptance of and agreement with these terms, as they exist at the time of use.
News will include at the top of these terms the date on which these terms were last updated.
News may amend these terms at any time by posting changed terms on the relevant Media. If you use any of the Media (other than to review the amended terms) after a notice of change has been provided, you will be deemed to have accepted the new terms for the relevant Media.
If any changes are material, we will endeavour to provide notice that changes have been made before, when or soon after you access the Media.
Content and functionality of the Media

News may alter, suspend or discontinue any of the Media and/or its functionality and/or the content made available through any of the Media (Content) at any time, with or without notice to Users, and, to the full extent permitted by law and subject to the remainder of these terms and any subscription terms which may be applicable if you are paying or have paid News for access to the Media, News will not be liable to any User or to any third party should it exercise such rights.
In some circumstances the Media allows Users to access and download certain Content onto your device(s). Some such Content may not be available at all times in the future for subsequent download and News will have no liability to you in such circumstances subject to the remainder of these terms.
News may require you to be a registered user or subscriber to access certain Content through any of the Media. Where this occurs, the terms and conditions of your registration or subscription (as relevant) will govern that relationship between you and the relevant News related company and will prevail to the extent of any inconsistency with these terms.
If you pay News (or one of its related companies) for access to Content made available through any of the Media, the subscription terms will prevail to the extent of any inconsistency between those terms and these.
You agree that the Media require compatible devices and internet access, may require certain software, may require periodic updates; and may be affected by the performance of these factors. You agree that meeting these requirements, which may change from time to time, is your responsibility.
We may use automated tools including artificial intelligence tools to assist in creating some Content of, and operating, the Media.
 

No advice

Content included in the Media is prepared as general information only. It is not advice and should not be substituted for personal advice which takes into account your individual health, financial or other circumstances.
Intellectual Property and permitted uses

All intellectual property rights in relation to Content on any of the Media belongs to News or its licensors, advertisers or affiliates. You obtain no interest in that intellectual property. All Content made available on any of the Media is protected by Australian and international copyright and other intellectual property laws. You may not do anything which interferes with or breaches those laws or the intellectual property rights in the content.
You may only download and view Content or print a copy of material published on any of the Media for personal, non-commercial use provided you do not modify the Content in any way (including any copyright notice). All rights not expressly granted under these terms of use are reserved by News. Unless expressly stated otherwise, you are not permitted to copy, or republish or otherwise distribute or use anything you find on any of the Media without the copyright or trademark owners’ permission.
The logos of the Media are trademarks of News or its related bodies corporate. Other trademarks may be displayed on the Media from time to time. These may belong to third parties. Nothing displayed on any of the Media should be construed as granting any licence or right of use of any logo, trademark or masthead displayed on any of the Media, without the express written permission of the relevant owner.
You may not use any of the Media or its Content for any purpose or in any way which is unlawful.
You must not access any parts of the Media to which you are not authorized or otherwise attempt to circumvent any restrictions (through exclusionary protocols or otherwise) imposed on your use of or access to any of the Media.
Except as expressly authorized by News, you shall not, nor shall you allow any third party (whether or not for your benefit or otherwise) to frame, scrape, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, display, perform, publish, distribute, disseminate, broadcast or circulate to any third party (including, without limitation, on or via a third-party website or platform) any Content without the express, prior written consent of News. You shall not – nor shall you make it possible for others to – access, collect, text or data mine any Content from any of the Media by automated means or any other method, whether directly or through an intermediary, intended to circumvent the prohibitions set out in this clause 18 (e.g., robot, spider, script, service, software or any manual or automatic device, tool or process).  For the avoidance of doubt, you shall not use any Content for any machine learning or artificial intelligence (AI) purposes, including, but not limited to, developing, building, training, fine tuning, or grounding or otherwise utilizing Content in any large language models (LLMs), machine learning tools, or generative AI systems. You may not access parts of the Site to which you are not authorized, or attempt to circumvent any restrictions imposed on your use of or access to the Site. For clarity, your use of our Media and Content is only permitted as expressly set out in these terms and your rights are not expanded, nor are any prohibitions modified or limited, in any way by our use or configuration of exclusionary protocols (e.g., the Robots Exclusion Protocol as implemented through robots.txt files).
 

Liability

News does not exclude any rights and remedies in respect of goods or services under the Australian Consumer Law in the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (ACL) or equivalent State or Territory legislation which cannot be excluded, restricted or modified. News otherwise excludes all rights, remedies, guarantees, conditions and warranties in respect of goods or services from your use of any of the Media whether based in statute, common law or otherwise to the extent permitted by law. To the fullest extent permitted by law and subject to News’ liabilities and obligations under the ACL, the following provisions apply:
News does not warrant the accuracy of the Content which you access through any of the Media. The Content is provided to you “as is” and on an “as available” basis and on the condition that you undertake all responsibility for assessing the accuracy of the Content and rely on it at your own risk. All Content vwhich you access through any of the Media may be changed at News’ sole discretion and without notice.
News will have no responsibility or liability in relation to any loss or damage that you incur, including damage to your software or hardware, arising from your use of or access to any of the Media that is not due to News’ negligence, wilful misconduct and/or fraud.
News does not warrant that functions of any of the Media or which you access through any of the Media, such as hyperlinks, will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, that there will be no technical problems which prevent or unreasonably delay delivery of any of the Media or any content which ought to be accessible through any of the Media, or that News or the server that makes it available, are free of viruses or bugs.
Where permitted under local law, including the ACL, the liability of News for any breach of a term or condition implied by law is limited at News’ discretion, to the supply of any service again or the payment for the cost of having any service supplied again. However, News cannot limit its liability in this manner if you establish that it would not be fair or reasonable for News to do so.
Third Party Content & Links

Any of the Media may include third party content which is subject to that third party’s terms and conditions of use. Nothing should be construed as granting any licence or right for you to use that content.
Any of the Media may include links to third party sites which are not related to News and in relation to which News has no control or interest. The appearance of those links on any of the Media does not indicate any relationship between News and that third party or any endorsement by News of that third party, its site or the products or services which it is advertising.
Contributing Content

When you submit content to News in any format, including any text, photographs, graphics, video or audio, you grant News a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual licence to publish, transmit or otherwise use that content in our published materials and to provide and improve our services, now and in the future and, possibly, to attribute you using the details you have provided to us, as the author/provider of that content.
You warrant that you have all of the necessary rights, including copyright, in the content you contribute, that your content is not defamatory and that it does not infringe any law.
You indemnify News against any and all legal fees, damages and other expenses that may be incurred by News as a result of a breach of the above warranty.
You waive any moral rights in your contribution for the purposes of its submission to and use by News in accordance with these terms.
Member names and user information

Publisher encourages the use of usernames (e.g. SuperChef) when you comment on or upload content to any of the Media rather than your actual name, to protect your privacy.
You should refrain from choosing offensive usernames and never post a message under another person’s name or pretend to be another person. When commenting on any of the Media, your username will appear as the author of the comment, not your real names or email address (unless you choose those as your username).
The username field is compulsory and must be unique. If the name you select is already in use you will be prompted to choose a different one. You should be aware that your username will be published anywhere you make a contribution to any of the Media.
Your username may be published on any of the Media and other properties owned by News or its Australian related companies.
User ratings, reviews & comments

News may edit or remove user ratings, reviews & comments due to foul language, spam posting, inappropriateness, etc. Breaches of this user agreement may result in Users having their membership restricted or deleted without warning.
News may at any time republish user ratings, reviews & comments elsewhere on any of the Media and other properties owned by News or its Australian related companies.
General

News respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that any of the Content as published by News infringes your intellectual property rights, please contact us at legalenquiries@news.com.au with details of your claim including a link to the relevant content which we have published and evidence in support of your claim.
These Terms & Conditions shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of New South Wales. Your use of the Site and these terms and conditions are governed by the laws in force in New South Wales, Australia. 