Terms of Use
IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY AS THEY MAY IMPACT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS IN THE EVENT OF A DISPUTE BETWEEN US. SPECIFICALLY, PLEASE REFER TO THE SECTION BELOW ENTITLED “CLASS ACTION WAIVER; NO INJUNCTIVE RELIEF”, WHICH PRECLUDES YOU FROM LEADING OR PARTICIPATING IN A CLASS ACTION OR SEEKING INJUNCTIVE RELIEF.

These Terms of Use apply to any website, mobile app and other online service (each, a “Site”) originating in the United States and owned and operated by Trusted Media Brands, Inc. or any of its U.S. subsidiaries and/or affiliates under its control (collectively the “Company”, “we”, “us” or “our”) that states it is governed by these Terms of Use and/or links to these Terms of Use, unless otherwise specified.

Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using any of our Sites. By viewing, accessing or otherwise using any of our Sites, you agree to the terms and conditions in these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to all of these Terms of Use, do not use our Sites.

We reserve the right in our sole discretion to change, modify, add or delete portions of these Terms of Use at any time. We will provide notice of such changes only by posting the updated notice on our Sites and changing the “last updated” date listed below. Your continued use of or access of any Site following the posting of its changes or modifications will constitute your acceptance of such changes or modifications. Therefore, you should frequently review the Terms of Use and applicable policies from time to time to understand the terms and conditions that apply to your use of the Sites. If you do not agree to the amended terms, you must stop using the Sites. We encourage you to review our Terms of Use each time you visit our Sites to see if it has been updated since your last visit.

In addition to the Sites, these Terms of Use also apply to your orders of our products and your subscriptions, as provided herein. PLEASE NOTE THAT WITH RESPECT TO PURCHASES OF SUBSCRIPTIONS, FREQUENCY OF PUBLICATION AND COVER PRICE ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE, AND WE RESERVE THE RIGHTS TO SUBSTITUTE ANY FORMAT OR MEDIA IN WHICH YOUR SUBSCRIPTION IS DISTRIBUTED WITH THE SAME RENEWAL TERMS AND/OR TO REPLACE ANY PRODUCT THAT MAY BECOME UNAVAILABLE WITH ANOTHER PRODUCT WITH THE SAME RENEWAL FEATURES, AS PROVIDED BELOW.

• Eligibility
• Privacy Policy
• Offer Terms, Your Orders, Billing and Automatic Renewals
• User Conduct and Materials
• Proprietary Rights
• Our Sites Do Not Provide Medical Advice
• Hyperlinks
• Third-Party Content & Services
• Advertisements and Promotions; Third-Party Products and Services
• Submissions
• Disclaimer
• Limitation of Liability
• Indemnification
• Screening, Removal and Disclosure
• Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
• Class Action Waiver; No Injunctive Relief
• Force Majeure
• Termination
• Severability
• DMCA Notice
• Apple App Store Additional Terms and Conditions
• Contact Us


Eligibility

Unless expressly stated otherwise on any Site, each Site is intended solely for users who are 13 years of age or older, and any use of or access to the Sites by anyone under 13 is unauthorized, unlicensed and in violation of these Terms of Use. By using any Site, you represent and warrant that you are 13 or older and that you agree to abide by all of these Terms of Use.

Back to Table of Contents

Privacy Policy

Users of this Site should refer to Company’s Privacy Policy, available for viewing here, before providing any information to find out how Company collects, uses and discloses personal information from its users.

Back to Table of Contents

Offer Terms, Your Orders, Billing and Automatic Renewals

Offer Terms. Please refer to the applicable offer for a description of our current products, subscription plans and pricing. Any terms and conditions of any offer disclosed to you when accepting an offer are deemed part of these Terms of Use. Frequency of publication and cover price are subject to change without notice. We reserve the rights to substitute any format or media in which your subscription is distributed with the same renewal terms and/or to replace any product that may become unavailable with another product with the same renewal features.

Your Registration/Orders. You may only register for an account and purchase our products if you are at least 18 years old. By registering for an account or submitting an order for a subscription or other product, you represent that you meet such age requirement, and you agree to (i) provide accurate, current, and complete information about yourself and, if applicable, the recipient, as prompted by the registration or subscription/order form, and (ii) maintain and properly update your account information (including email address, postal address and billing method) to keep it accurate, current and complete.

Billing and Automatic Renewals. You will be charged for any order using the billing information you provided (your “Billing Account”). You authorize your Billing Account to be charged the fees then in effect for any subscription or other product you order according to the offer terms, including if applicable on a recurring basis for any automatic renewal of your subscription, without any further authorization from you. You can contact Customer Care to cancel any book series or magazine subscription at any time to avoid future charges, or to receive a refund for any remaining issues for a magazine subscription. You agree to pay all applicable taxes.

Back to Table of Contents

User Conduct and Materials

Our Sites may include discussion forums or other interactive areas, including, but not limited to, bulletin boards, chat rooms, forums, recipe storage and exchange areas, and video upload areas (the “Interactive Areas”). All such Interactive Areas shall be used only for non-commercial purposes. You are solely liable for any material you upload or transmit to, and your use of, such Interactive Areas of any Site. You agree not to do any of the following on or through the Sites:
1. Upload, post, email, transmit, distribute or otherwise publish or make available any recipe, message, information, text, image, photo, video or other material (“User Material”) that we deem to be unlawful, harmful, libelous, tortious, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, indecent, lewd, harassing, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
2. Upload, post, email, transmit, distribute or otherwise publish or make available any User Material that would constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, or that would otherwise create liability or violate any local, state, national or international law, including, without limitation, the regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any rules of any securities exchange such as the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange, or the NASDAQ;
3. Upload, post, email, transmit, distribute or otherwise publish or make available any User Material that may infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual or proprietary right of any party;
4. Impersonate any person or entity or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
5. Without Company’s written permission, distribute, publish, or make available any unsolicited or unauthorized promotions, commercial messages, advertising or solicitations for funds, goods or services, including junk mail, spam, chain letters and using our Email-a-Friend service to send any unwanted messages;
6. Harm minors in any way;
7. Upload, post, email, transmit, distribute or otherwise publish or make available any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
8. Upload, post, email, transmit, distribute or otherwise publish, make available or disclose the private or personal information of any third party; or
9. Upload, post, email, transmit, distribute or otherwise publish or make available any User Material that, in the sole judgment of Company, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Interactive Areas or the Sites, or which may expose Company or its users to any harm or liability of any type.

Company takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Material posted, stored or uploaded by you or any third party, or for any loss or damage thereto, nor is Company liable for any mistakes, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography or profanity you may encounter. Your use of Interactive Areas is at your own risk. As a provider of interactive services, Company is not liable for any statements, representations or User Material provided by its users in any public forum, personal home page or other Interactive Area.

You acknowledge that any User Material you post to any Site shall not be deemed confidential, even if it is posted to a private portion of the Site. If you post User Material to any Site, unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Company and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such User Material throughout the world in any media. You grant Company and its affiliates and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit and your town of residence in connection with such content, if they choose. You represent and warrant that (a) you own and control all of the rights to the User Material that you post or you otherwise have the right to post such User Material to the Sites; (b) the User Material is accurate and not misleading; and (c) use and posting of the User Material you supply does not violate these Terms of Use and will not violate any rights of or cause injury to any person or entity.

Back to Table of Contents

Proprietary Rights

• I. Copyrights; Limited License
All Site materials, including, without limitation, the trade names, trademarks and logos of Company, and all designs, text, graphics, pictures, recipes, information, data, software, sound files, messages, and other files and materials on the Sites, and the selection and arrangement thereof (collectively, “Content”) are the copyright and proprietary property of Company or its affiliates, users or licensors. You are granted a limited, non-sublicensable license to access and use the Sites and may electronically copy and print to hard copy portions of the Sites for the sole purpose of using materials they contain for informational and non-commercial, personal use only, provided that you keep all copyright or other proprietary notices intact. Subject to these Terms of Use, Company grants you a non-transferable, non-exclusive, license to install and use the software Company makes available for mobile devices (“Apps”), in executable object code format only, solely on your own handheld mobile device and for your personal, noncommercial use. For the avoidance of doubt, Apps are deemed part of the Sites. You acknowledge and agree that the availability of any App is dependent on the third party from which you received the App (“App Store”), e.g., the Apple App Store. You acknowledge that these Terms of Use constitute the agreement between you and Company and not with the App Store. Each App Store may have its own terms and conditions to which you must agree before downloading the App from it. You agree to comply with, and your license to use the App is conditioned upon your compliance with, all applicable terms and conditions of the applicable App Store. Any special rules for the use of certain software and other items provided on the Sites may be included elsewhere within the Sites and are incorporated into these Terms of Use by reference.

Any other use of Content, including any commercial use, reproduction for purposes other than described above, modification, distribution, republication, display, or performance, without the prior written permission of Company is strictly prohibited. This license is subject to these Terms of Use and does not include the right to (a) modify or otherwise make any derivative uses of the Sites and the Content, or any portion thereof or to use any data mining, robots or similar data gathering or extraction methods (b) use the Sites or the Content other than for its intended purpose. Any use of the Sites or Content other than as specifically authorized herein, without the prior written permission of Company, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted herein. Such unauthorized use may also violate applicable laws including without limitation copyright and trademark laws. This license is revocable at any time.

• II. Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks, product names and company names or logos mentioned on the Sites are the property of Company or their respective owners and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Company or their respective owners. In addition, all page headers, custom graphics, button icons, and scripts are service marks, trademarks, and/or trade dress of Company, and may not be copied, imitated, or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Company. Company may have other patents, patent applications, trademarks, copyrights, or other intellectual property rights covering subject matter in any web pages, and any software that are part of the Sites. Unless we have granted you licenses to our intellectual property these Terms of Use, our providing you with such web pages or any software does not give you any license to our intellectual property. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.

Back to Table of Contents

Our Sites Do Not Provide Medical Advice

Certain pages on our Sites relate to the topic of health. The Content of these pages, and all pages of the Sites, are for informational purposes only. The Content is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on any Site. If you think you may have a medical emergency, seek appropriate help such as calling your doctor or 911 immediately. Company does not recommend or endorse any specific tests, products, procedures, opinions, or other information that may be mentioned on the Sites. Reliance on any information provided by Company, its licensors, others appearing on the Sites or other visitors to the Sites is solely at your own risk.

The Sites may contain health or medically-related materials that you find sexually explicit or otherwise offensive. Company, its licensors and suppliers have no control over and accept no liability for such materials. You are solely responsible for compliance with the laws applicable to your country of residence.

Back to Table of Contents

Hyperlinks

You are granted a limited, nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to any page of our Sites, provided such link does not portray Company or any of its products and services in a false, misleading, derogatory or otherwise defamatory manner. This limited right may be revoked at any time. You may not use, frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any Company trade name, trademark, logo or other proprietary information, including the images found at any Site, the content of any text or the layout/design of any page or form contained on any page of the Sites, without Company’s express written consent. Except as noted above, you are not conveyed any right or license, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, in or under any patent, trademark, copyright or proprietary right of Company or any third party.

Back to Table of Contents

Third-Party Content & Services

Company may provide third-party content on the Sites and may provide hyperlinks to sites and content of third parties (collectively the “Third-Party Content”) as a service to those interested in this information. Company does not monitor nor does Company have control over any Third-Party Content. Company does not endorse or adopt any Third-Party Content and can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness. Company does not warrant the accuracy of any information contained on, and undertakes no responsibility to update or review, any Third-Party Content. Users use these hyperlinks and Third-Party Content contained therein at their own risk.

Back to Table of Contents

Advertisements and Promotions; Third-Party Products and Services

Company may run advertisements and promotions from third parties on the Sites or may otherwise provide information about or links to third-party products or services on the Sites. Your business dealings or correspondence with, or participation in promotions of, such third parties, and any terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings or promotions, are solely between you and such third party. Company is not responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or promotions or as the result of the presence of such non-Company advertisers or third party information on the Sites.

Back to Table of Contents

Submissions

By submitting any recipe, review, photograph, video, joke, image, “favorites” list, story, comments, feedback, postcards, suggestions, ideas, notes, drawings, concepts and other information, or other content or material (each, a “Submitted Item”) to Company, either online or offline, including without limitation through any Site or Interactive Areas or in connection with a contest entry or other promotion, and whether or not solicited by Company, you acknowledge that such Submitted Item is not confidential and you grant to Company and its affiliates, partners and licensees worldwide (collectively, the “TMBI Companies”) an irrevocable, nonexclusive, perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, fully sublicensable right and license to use, display, publicly perform, modify, reproduce, publish, distribute, adapt, make derivative works of, sublicense and otherwise commercially and non-commercially exploit your Submitted Items and all copyright, trade secret, trademark or other intellectual property rights therein, in any manner or medium now existing or hereafter developed (including but not limited to print, film or electronic storage devices), without compensation of any kind to you or any third party. Each Submitted Item is also subject to such other terms and conditions as any of the TMBI Companies may specify for particular submissions.

You hereby represent and warrant that (a) you have all necessary right, power and authority to grant the license set forth herein to your Submitted Item, and (b) your Submitted Item, and its use by the TMBI Companies as contemplated herein, does not violate, misappropriate or infringe any copyright, trade secret, trademark or other intellectual property or proprietary right of any third party. You further represent and warrant that you have attained the legal age of majority in your state/province (18 in most states/provinces). Parent or guardian must submit on behalf of any minor. You will take, at no expense to Company, any further action (including, without limitation, execution of affidavits and other documents) reasonably requested by Company to effect, perfect and confirm the license granted herein to your Submitted Item as set forth herein.

Publication or use of any Submitted Items is at the sole discretion of the TMBI Companies, who are under no obligation to publish or use any Submitted Item or, if we do so, to give you credit. By submitting a Submitted Item, you grant the TMBI Companies the right to use your name and city of residence in connection with the publication, use or posting or other use of your Submitted Item. You must include your full name and email address with your Submitted Item so that we can contact you if we have any questions about your Submitted Item.

Back to Table of Contents

Disclaimer

THE SITES AND THE CONTENT AVAILABLE ON IT AND ANY SERVICES PROVIDED ON OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND YOU AGREE THAT USE OF THE SITES AND/OR CONTENT THEREON IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. COMPANY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. COMPANY DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT MATERIALS ON THE SITE ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT, OR ERROR-FREE. COMPANY DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SITES OR ITS SERVER(S) ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITES AND CONTENT IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.

Company reserves the right to change any and all Content contained on the Sites at any time without notice. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof by Company.

Back to Table of Contents

Limitation of Liability

IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY OR ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, LICENSEES OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS OR LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, ANY SITE OR THE CONTENT OR SERVICES CONTAINED ON, OR ACCESSED THROUGH, ANY SITE, EVEN IF COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so some of the above may not apply to you.

Back to Table of Contents

Indemnification

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Company and its officers, directors, employees, agents, suppliers, licensees and licensors from and against any and all claims, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising from or related to your use of the Sites or any User Materials or Submitted Items you provide, or from your conduct, your violation of these Terms of Use or your violation of the rights of any third party, including, but not limited to, any claim by a third party that any User Materials or Submitted Items infringe or violate such third party’s rights or interests.

Back to Table of Contents

Screening, Removal and Disclosure

Although Company has no obligation to screen, edit or monitor any of the User Material posted in any Interactive Area or any Submitted Items, Company reserves the right to, at our sole discretion, monitor, screen, remove, take down, edit, move, destroy or delete any User Material and Submitted Items at any time and for any reason or no reason without notice, including, but not limited to User Material and Submitted Items that we deem inappropriate or which we believe may subject us to any liability. You are solely responsible for creating backup copies of and replacing any User Material or Submitted Items you may post or store on the Sites at your sole cost and expense. We may access, use and disclose transaction information about your use of our Sites, and any User Material and Submitted Items transmitted by you via or in connection with our Sites, to the extent permitted by law, in order to comply with the law (e.g., a lawful subpoena); to initiate, render, bill and collect for our products and services; to protect our rights or property, or to protect users of our Sites from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of our Sites. INDIRECT OR ATTEMPTED VIOLATIONS OF THIS NOTICE OR ANY RELATED POLICY, GUIDELINE OR AGREEMENT, AND ACTUAL OR ATTEMPTED VIOLATIONS BY A THIRD PARTY ON YOUR BEHALF, SHALL BE CONSIDERED VIOLATIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT BY YOU.

Back to Table of Contents

Applicable Law and Jurisdiction

These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its choice of law principles to the contrary. You agree that any cause of action arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use or the Sites shall be filed only in the state and federal courts residing in New York, New York, and you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of these Terms of Use. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use in any instance shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.

Back to Table of Contents

Class Action Waiver; No Injunctive Relief

YOU AGREE THAT YOU WILL NOT SUE COMPANY AS A CLASS PLAINTIFF OR CLASS REPRESENTATIVE, JOIN AS A CLASS MEMBER, OR PARTICIPATE AS AN ADVERSE PARTY IN ANY WAY IN A CLASS ACTION OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION AGAINST COMPANY. YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO BRING A LAWSUIT AGAINST COMPANY ON AN INDIVIDUAL (NON-CLASS, NON-REPRESENTATIVE) BASIS; HOWEVER, YOU SHALL NOT BE ENTITLED TO AND HEREBY WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO ANY EQUITABLE RELIEF WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE RIGHT TO RESCIND YOUR AGREEMENT TO THESE TERMS OF USE, OR TO ENJOIN, RESTRAIN OR INTERFERE IN ANY MANNER WITH THE SITES, THE CONTENT OR ANY SERVICES PROVIDED BY COMPANY.

YOU AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE SITES, THE CONTENT OR THESE TERMS OF USE MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION AROSE; OTHERWISE, THE CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED, WHICH MEANS YOU WILL NOT HAVE THE RIGHT TO ASSERT THE CLAIM.

Back to Table of Contents

Force Majeure

Company shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform resulting from any causes outside its reasonable control, including but not limited to acts of God, war, terrorism, riots, embargos, acts of civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents, pandemic, strikes or shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labor or materials.

Back to Table of Contents

Termination

Company reserves the right, without notice and in its sole discretion at any time, to terminate your license to use the Sites, to block or prevent future access to and use of the Sites, and to remove and discard any User Material and Submitted Item. Company also reserves the right, at any time in its sole discretion, and without notice, to discontinue the Sites or any features or services available through the Sites. The following provisions survive the expiration or termination of these Terms of Use for any reason whatsoever: “Offer Terms, Your Orders, Billing and Automatic Renewals”, “User Conduct and Materials”, “Proprietary Rights”, “Submissions”, “Disclaimer”, “Limitation of Liability”, “Indemnification”, “Applicable Law and Jurisdiction”, “Class Action Waiver; No Injunctive Relief”, “Force Majeure”, “Severability”, “DMCA Notice” and “Apple App Store Additional Terms and Conditions”.

Back to Table of Contents

Severability

If any provision of these Terms of Use shall be deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms of Use and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

Back to Table of Contents

DMCA Notice

You agree that you will not upload or transmit any communications or content of any type that infringe or violate any rights of any party. It is the policy of Company not to permit materials known by Company to be infringing to remain on the Sites. You should notify Company promptly if you believe any materials on the Sites, including advertisements, or materials available on or through links, frames, indexes and directories linked to any Site, infringe a third party copyright. Upon Company receipt of a proper notice of claimed infringement under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “DMCA”), Company will respond expeditiously to remove, or disable access to, the material claimed to be infringing and will follow the procedures specified in the DMCA to resolve the claim between the notifying party and the alleged infringer who provided the content at issue.

To provide notice of claimed copyright infringement only:
Legal Department
Trusted Media Brands, Inc.
485 Lexington Ave., 7th floor
New York, NY 10017
rdapto@rd.com
Telephone: 914-244-5400

Note that the above-referenced contact information is for copyright notices only. No other inquiries will receive a response from our copyright agent.
It is the policy of Company to terminate its contractual relationships regarding content with third parties who repeatedly infringe the copyrights of others.

Back to Table of Contents

Apple App Store Additional Terms and Conditions

The following additional terms and conditions apply to you if you are using an App from the Apple App Store. To the extent the other terms and conditions of this Agreement are less restrictive than, or otherwise conflict with, the terms and conditions of this Section, the more restrictive or conflicting terms and conditions in this Section apply, but solely with respect to Apps from the Apple App Store.
1. Acknowledgement: Company and you acknowledge that these Terms of Use constitute the agreement between Company and you only, and not with Apple, and Company, not Apple, is solely responsible for any App and the content thereof. To the extent these Terms of Use provide for usage rules for any App that are less restrictive than the Usage Rules set forth for the App in, or otherwise is in conflict with, the Apple App Store Terms of Service, the more restrictive or conflicting Apple App Store term applies.
2. Scope of License: The license granted to you for each App is limited to a non-transferable license to use the App on an iOS Product that you own or control and as permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in the Apple App Store Terms of Service.
3. Maintenance and Support: Company is solely responsible for providing any maintenance and support services with respect to each App, as specified in these Terms of Use (if any), or as required under applicable law. Company and you acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to any App.
4. Warranty: Company is solely responsible for any product warranties, whether express or implied by law, to the extent not effectively disclaimed. In the event of any failure of any App to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the App to you; and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to such App, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be Company’s sole responsibility.
5. Product Claims: Company and you acknowledge that Company, not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims of you or any third party relating to any App or your possession and/or use of any App, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that any App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. This provision does not limit Company’s liability to you beyond what is permitted by applicable law.
6. Intellectual Property Rights: Company and you acknowledge that, in the event of any third party claim that any App or your possession and use of any App infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, Company, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim.
7. Legal Compliance: You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
8. Developer Name and Address: Company’s contact information for any end-user questions, complaints or claims with respect to any App is Trusted Media Brands, Inc., 485 Lexington Ave., 7th Floor, New York, New York, NY 10017, attn: Site Administrator or email us at Legal@TMBI.com.
9. Third Party Terms of Agreement: You must comply with any applicable third party terms of agreement when using any App.
10. Third Party Beneficiary: Company and you acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of the agreement between Company and you in these Terms of Use, and that, upon your acceptance of these Terms of Use, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce such agreement against you as a third party beneficiary thereof.

Back to Table of Contents

Contact Us

If you have any questions about these Terms of Use, the practices of the Sites, or your dealings with the Sites, please email us at Legal@TMBI.com. If you have a question about your Company account, a general question, or any other customer care inquiry, please visit our Customer Care Center.

Back to Table of Contents
Last Updated: August 8, 2024