Terms of Service | Rostering, Invoicing, Scheduling | TeamSnap
Last Updated: November 14, 2025
Terms of Service
The following terms and conditions ("Terms of Service" or these “Terms”) are a legal agreement between you (“you” or “User(s)”) and TeamSnap, Inc, (“TeamSnap”), and govern your access to, and use of, the TeamSnap.com website (the "Website"), you downloading or installing the TeamSnap mobile applications (collectively, the “App”), and your use of any of the services offered by TeamSnap (collectively with the Website and the App, the “Services”).
By clicking on the "I Agree" checkbox, downloading the App, or by accessing, browsing, or otherwise using the Website, you agree to be bound by these Terms and any of the related policies or guidelines, including any subsequent changes or modifications to them and that you have the authority to enter into these Terms personally or on behalf of the third party you have named as the user. The term “you” refers to the individual, team, club, league, or legal entity identified as the user when you registered for the Services. If you do not agree to these Terms or any changes, do not access or otherwise continue to use the Services.
These Terms of Service include a class action waiver and a waiver of jury trials and require binding arbitration on an individual basis to resolve disputes.
These Terms of Service limit the remedies that may be available to you in the event of a dispute.
1. Registration
In order to access certain features of the Services you may be required to register for an account (“Account”). In registering for the Services, you agree to (1) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Services’ registration form (the “Registration Data”); and (2) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. You represent that you are (i) of legal age to form a binding contract; and (ii) not a person barred from using the Services under the laws of the United States, your place of residence or any other applicable jurisdiction. You are responsible for all activities that occur under your Account. You may not share your Account or password with anyone, and you agree to notify TeamSnap immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or any other breach of security. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or TeamSnap has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, TeamSnap has the right to suspend or terminate your Account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Services (or any portion thereof). You agree not to create an Account using a false identity or information, or on behalf of someone other than yourself. TeamSnap reserves the right to remove or reclaim any usernames at any time and for any reason, including but not limited to, claims by a third party that a username violates the third party’s rights. You agree not to create an Account or use the Services if you have been previously removed by TeamSnap, or if you have been previously banned from use of any of the Services.
2. TeamSnap Services
The TeamSnap Services provide a digital platform to manage and organize sports organizations and teams. Our Services can be used for various purposes, including among other things to organize and manage a sports team, maintain a roster of athletes participating in sports activities along with associated information such as their performance at sporting events, games, or other events (the “Events”) and recorded media content. By using the Services, our Users can use available features and functionality such as (i) team and organization management; (ii) payments and registration; (ii) watch, modify or share video clips and other content; (iv) engage with other Users such as family, friends and fans; (v) connect with each other through in-app messaging and alerts, forums or other provided features; (vi) live stream or replay Events and (vii) other features and functionality that may be made available through the Services. The Services may be used by sports organizations or tournament organizers (each an “Organization”), team coaches and managers (each a “Team”), sports participants themselves (each a “Player”), or other members of a Player’s household (each a “Household Member”). Players refers to sports participants that are either participants over the age of 13, or the parent or legal guardian of a youth sports participant who is under the age of 13. The Services may be offered by TeamSnap itself, or through one or more of the Organizations or Teams who offer a branded version of the Services (an “Organization Site”) to their Players. Organizations’ and Teams’ use of the Services may be subject to supplemental terms agreed to directly with TeamSnap that alter these Terms. Players’ and Household Members’ use of the Services may be subject to terms and/or policies of the third-party Organization or Team through whom the Services are made available. TeamSnap is not responsible for the practices of Organizations or Teams that TeamSnap does not own or control. If you are a Player or Household Member with questions regarding any of the additional polices or agreements contained on an Organization Site, please contact the related Organization or Team directly.
3. Payment and Fees
Some elements of the Services may be offered by TeamSnap for a fee (“Fee”). The Fees for such Services are posted on the Website and/or the App Stores. We may revise the Fees for our Services at any time, or impose additional fees or charges, in which case we will notify you by posting the change on our website or by email.  Fee changes will be effective within 30 days of such notice.  You agree to pay TeamSnap in advance the applicable Fees for the Services provided by TeamSnap under these Terms. If you elect to pay applicable Fees with a credit card, TeamSnap will bill your credit card for all Fees and you hereby authorize TeamSnap to charge your credit card or to charge any form of payment you have obtained to replace your credit card. You will provide TeamSnap with accurate and complete billing information including legal name, address, telephone number, and credit card or debit card billing information. If such information is false or fraudulent, TeamSnap reserves the right to terminate your use of the Services and in addition to seeking any other legal remedies. TeamSnap is not responsible for any charges or expenses (e.g., for overdrawn accounts, exceeding credit card limits, etc.) resulting from charges billed by TeamSnap. Each charge will be considered valid unless disputed by you in writing within thirty (30) days after the billing date. No adjustments will be made for disputed charges made more than thirty (30) days after the billing date. All Fees will be paid in U.S. dollars and are due as set forth on the Website. TeamSnap’s Fees are exclusive of all taxes, levies, or duties imposed by taxing authorities, and you will be responsible for payment of all such taxes, levies, or duties, excluding only United States (federal or state) taxes based solely on TeamSnap’s income.
4. Subscriptions
By purchasing any Services that are sold as an ongoing subscription (each a “Subscription”), you acknowledge that your Subscription has an initial and recurring payment feature and you accept responsibility for all recurring charges prior to cancellation of the automatic renewal of your Subscription and you acknowledge that your Subscription will be automatically extended for successive periods.
To cancel the automatic renewal of your Subscription at any time, you must do one of the following: update your user account at go.teamsnap.com or file a ticket at
https://helpme.teamsnap.com/
Some cancellations may require you to contact the App Store where you registered for the recurring subscription.  Your renewal date will be the anniversary of your sign-up date after your initial term ends. For example, if you bought a three-month TeamSnap Subscription on November 7th, your Subscription would renew for another three months on February 7th. If you have a renewal anniversary date on the 30th or 31st of the month, your renewal date will be moved to accommodate months that do not have those dates. For example, if your Subscription was started on January 31st and had a one-month term, it will renew on February 28th (or 29th if it is a Leap Year), and thereafter your renewal date will be the 28th of each subsequent month. If you cancel the automatic renewal of your Subscription, you may use your Subscription until the end of your then-current Subscription term. TeamSnap may submit periodic charges (e.g., monthly) without further authorization from you, until you provide prior notice that you have terminated this authorization or wish to change your payment method within the 48-hour notice requirement. If you cancel the automatic renewal of your Subscription you will not be eligible for a prorated refund of any portion of the Subscription fee paid for the then-current Subscription period. If TeamSnap does not receive payment for a renewal prior to the date of renewal, TeamSnap may, in its discretion, do one or more of the following: (i) demand full payment, (ii) charge any form of payment you have obtained to replace your provided form of payment (e.g., you have obtained a replacement credit card number), and you hereby authorize TeamSnap to do so, and (iii) terminate or suspend your Subscription.
5. Non-refundable Fees.
We do not issue refunds of Fees for any early cancellation or termination of the Services or your Subscription, or for any other reason.  To the extent any return or refund is required by law for Fees paid, it will be provided in the form of credits for the paid portion of the Services unless we are legally required to issue a refund, or otherwise choose to do so in our sole discretion.
6. Accessing Content Through the Service
You agree that you will only use the Services and any content you access through the Services for your own internal, personal, non-commercial use and not on behalf of or for the benefit of any third party, and only in a manner that complies with all laws that apply to you.
The materials displayed or performed or available on or through the Services, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, data, articles, photos, images, illustrations, and so forth (all of the foregoing, the “Content”) are protected by copyright and/or other intellectual property laws. You promise to abide by all copyright notices, trademark rules, information, and restrictions contained in any Content you access through the Services, and you won’t use, copy, reproduce, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, upload, display, license, sell, commercialize or otherwise exploit for any purpose any Content not owned by you, (i) without the prior consent of the owner of that Content or (ii) in a way that violates someone else’s (including TeamSnap’s) rights.
Subject to these Terms, we grant each user of the Services a worldwide, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and non-transferable license to use (i.e., to download and display locally) Content solely for purposes of using the Services. Use, reproduction, modification, distribution or storage of any Content for any purpose other than using the Services is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from us. You understand that TeamSnap owns the Services. You won’t modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce (except as expressly provided in this Section), create derivative works based on, or otherwise exploit any of the Services. The Services may allow you to copy or download certain Content, but please remember that even where these functionalities exist, all the restrictions in this section still apply. We reserve the right to remove any Content from the Services at any time, for any reason, in our sole discretion, and without notice.
Certain features of the Services may allow you to share information with others, including through your social networks or other services where you have an account (“Third Party Accounts”). When Content is authorized for sharing, we will clearly identify the Content you are authorized to redistribute and the ways you may redistribute it, usually by providing a method of sharing on or near the Content. If you share information from the Services with others through your Third Party Accounts, such as your social networks, you authorize TeamSnap to share that information with the applicable Third Party Account provider. Please review the policies of any Third Party Account providers you share information with or through for additional information about how they may use your information. If you redistribute authorized Content, you must be able to edit or delete any Content you redistribute, and you must edit or delete it promptly upon our request.
Any information or Content publicly posted or privately transmitted through the Services is the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Content originated, and you access all such information and Content at your own risk, and we aren’t liable for any errors or omissions in that information or Content or for any damages or loss you might suffer in connection with it. We cannot control and have no duty to take any action regarding how you may interpret and use the Content or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content, and you hereby release us from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Services. We can’t guarantee the identity of any users with whom you interact in using the Services and are not responsible for which users gain access to the Services.  The Services may contain links or connections to third-party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by TeamSnap. When you access third-party websites or use third-party services, you accept that there are risks in doing so, and that TeamSnap is not responsible for such risks.
TeamSnap has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, accuracy, privacy policies, or practices of or opinions expressed in any third-party websites or by any third party that you interact with through the Services. In addition, TeamSnap will not and cannot monitor, verify, censor or edit the content of any third-party site or service. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Services and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each third-party website or service that you visit or utilize. By using the Services, you release and hold us harmless from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website or service.
7. Ownership
TeamSnap and its licensors own all rights, title, and interest in the Services and Content (including but not limited to, any computer code, themes, objects, characters, character names, stories, dialogue, concepts, artwork, animations, sounds, musical compositions, audiovisual effects, methods of operation, moral rights, and documentation). You will not remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Services or Content. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, you acknowledge and agree that you shall have no ownership or other property interest in your Account, and you further acknowledge and agree that all rights in and to your Account are and shall forever be owned by and inure to the benefit of TeamSnap.
You are not conveyed any other right or license, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, in or under any patent, trademark, or proprietary right of TeamSnap or any third party. Any unauthorized use of the Services will terminate the permission or license granted by TeamSnap to you under this Terms of Service and may violate applicable law, including but not limited to copyright laws, trademark laws (including trade dress), and communications regulations and statutes.
You agree that submission of any ideas, suggestions, documents, and/or proposals to TeamSnap (“Feedback”) is at your own risk and that TeamSnap has no obligations (including without limitation obligations of confidentiality) with respect to such Feedback. You represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary to submit the Feedback. You hereby grant to TeamSnap a fully paid, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, and fully sublicensable right and license to use, reproduce, perform, display, distribute, adapt, modify, re-format, create derivative works of, and otherwise commercially or non-commercially exploit in any manner, any and all Feedback, and to sublicense the foregoing rights. Additionally, if you provide reviews or quotes about any of the Services to TeamSnap (“Reviews”), you hereby grant TeamSnap a fully paid, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, and fully sublicensable right and license to use, reproduce, perform, display, distribute, adapt, modify, re-format, create derivative works of, and otherwise commercially or non-commercially exploit in any manner and all Reviews and to include your first name in connection with TeamSnap’s use of the any such Review.
8. User Content
Users can post, publish, store, display, stream, modify, transit and/or share with other Users or persons (collectively, “post”) information or data about Players as well as pictures, audio, video, and other content including without limitation concerning Players, Teams, Organizations and Events and other User posted information and data (collectively, “User Content”).  You are legally responsible for all User Content uploaded, posted or stored through your Account or on your Organization Site or otherwise through your use of the Services. You are responsible for any User Content that may be lost or unrecoverable through your use of the Services. You must provide all required and appropriate warnings, information and disclosure. TeamSnap does not control the User Content posted via the Services and as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such content. You agree to exercise common sense, your best judgement, and respect with interacting with others, including without limitation when you submit or post User Content and data. TeamSnap reserves the right, in its sole discretion, without notice at any time, to (a) review the User Content posted via the Services; (b) edit, remove or refuse to post any User Content, in whole or in part, for any or no reason in TeamSnap’s sole discretion; (c) take any action with respect to any User Content that we deem necessary or appropriate in TeamSnap’s sole discretion, including if we believe that such User Content violates these Terms of Service, infringes any intellectual property right or other right of any person or entity, threatens the personal safety of users of the Services or the public or could create liability for TeamSnap; (d) disclose your identity or other information about you to any third party who claims that material posted by you violates their rights, including their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy; (e) disclose any information or materials as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (f) take appropriate legal action, including without limitation, referral to law enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Services; and (g) terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Services for any or no reason, including without limitation, your violation of these Terms of Service or any other agreement between you and TeamSnap.
TeamSnap claims no intellectual property rights over the User Content you provide to the Services. Your User Content remain yours. However, you grant to TeamSnap and its related companies, affiliates and partners an irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license to (a) host, use, copy, store, distribute, publicly perform and display, modify, and create derivative works of (such as changes we make so that your content works better with the Services) such User Content as necessary to provide, improve and make the Services available to you and other users, including through any future media in which the Services may be distributed, (b) use and disclose metrics and analytics regarding the User Content in an aggregate or other non-personally identifiable manner (including for use in improving the Services or in marketing and business development purposes), (c) use any User Content that has been de-identified for any product development, research or other purpose (including after termination of your use of the Services), and (d) use any User Content for other purposes permitted by the TeamSnap Privacy Policy. You are responsible for making sure that you have all rights in the User Content, including the rights necessary for you to grant us the foregoing license to the User Content.
In connection with any User Content, you represent and warrant the following:
If you are an Organization or Team that uses TeamSnap to perform Services on your behalf, you agree that you are solely responsible for posting all applicable privacy policies or notifications on your Organization Site, for making all appropriate disclosures to visitors to your Organization Site and to other end users whose information you collect, and for obtaining any necessary consent(s) from such individuals, with respect to your collection and use of personal information and including your disclosure of user personal information to service providers such as TeamSnap.
If you are an Organization or Team that uses TeamSnap to perform Services on your behalf and you collect personal information from individuals, you acknowledge and agree that you will not collect or cause to be collected and shared with TeamSnap or hosted on TeamSnap' servers certain types of personal information that could trigger state breach notification laws in the event the information is accessed by an unauthorized person, including, but not limited to, social security, driver's license, bank account or credit card numbers, unless such information is provided to TeamSnap in a system specifically designed to protect and store such information. If such information is shared with TeamSnap or hosted on TeamSnap’ servers in a manner that TeamSnap deems to be insecure, TeamSnap has the right, but not the obligation, in its sole discretion to delete and remove any personal information stored on its systems that it deems to be stored in an unsecure manner. In the event that an incident of unauthorized access or disclosure of such data triggers state breach notification laws because of your breach of this section, you agree that you will be wholly responsible for the timing, content, cost and method of any such notice and compliance with such laws.
You are solely responsible for your User Content and the consequences of posting or publishing it.  You represent and warrant that: (1) you are the creator or own or control all rights in and to the User Content or otherwise have sufficient rights and authority to grant the rights granted herein; (2) your User Content does not and will not (a) infringe, violate or misappropriate any third party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity or any other intellectual property or proprietary right, or (b) defame any person; (3) your User Content does not contain any viruses, adware, spyware, worms or other harmful or malicious code; and (4) if your User Content contains the name, identity, likeness, and voice (or other biographical information) of third parties, you have obtained the appropriate consents and/or licenses for your use and that TeamSnap and other Users are allowed to use them to the extent indicated in these Terms.
If you post any User Content relating to a minor under the age of 13 (a “Minor”) including without limitation information or data about specific Players who are Minors or video recordings (collectively, “Minor Data”), you represent, warrant and covenant that either (1) you are the parent or guardian of such Minor and consent to the use of such Minor Data by us and the Services consistent with the Terms, or (2) you have obtained verifiable consent from a parent or guardian of such Minor accordingly, and will provide such proof of consent to us upon request.  In the event the parent or guardian withdraws consent, (a) you will or will cause the Organization or Team to promptly remove the Minor Data from the Services; and/or (b) if they or the relevant Organization or Team notifies TeamSnap we will use reasonable efforts to assist with the removal the Minor Data from the Services.  If we discover that Minor Data was posted to the Services without any legally required consent, we will use reasonable efforts to remove the Minor Data from the Services.
9. App Stores
You acknowledge and agree that the availability of the App is dependent on the third party from whom you received the App license, e.g., the Apple App Store or Google Play (“App Store”). You acknowledge that these Terms are between you and TeamSnap, and do not involve the App Store company. TeamSnap, not the App Store, is solely responsible for the App, including the content thereof, maintenance, support services, and warranty therefor, and addressing any claims relating thereto (e.g., product liability, legal compliance and intellectual property infringement). In order to use the App, you must have access to a wireless network, and you agree to pay all fees associated with such access. You also agree to pay all fees (if any) charged by the App Store in connection with the App. You agree to comply with, and your license to use the App is conditioned upon your compliance with, all applicable third-party terms of agreement (e.g., the App Store’s terms and policies) when using the App. You acknowledge that the App Store company and its subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of the Terms and will have the right to enforce them.
10. Privacy
Refer to TeamSnap's Privacy Policy to understand how TeamSnap collects, uses and discloses your personal information. Organizations and Teams agree to use any Player or Household Member information that is collected through or stored within the Services in a manner that is consistent with the Privacy Policy and to provide at least the same level of protection for personal information as that provided by TeamSnap.
11. Your Liability
You are solely responsible for your activities on the Services, including all content that you submit or a third party submits on your behalf or using your account. You are solely responsible for your interaction with other Users, whether online or offline.  You agree that we are not responsible or liable for the conduct of any User.  We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor or become involved in disputes between you and other Users.  You agree to indemnify TeamSnap and its shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, successors and assigns against any and all third party claims, actions, demands, suits and all related losses, liabilities, damages, penalties, costs and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred by an indemnified party arising out of or related to: (a) any violation of law or regulation from your use of the Service, (b) any actual or alleged breach by you of any obligations, representations, warranties under this Terms of Service, including violations of the Conduct Policy; and (c) any actual or alleged infringement or misappropriation of the intellectual property rights of any third party by any data, text, photographs, graphics, messages, ratings, forum postings, comments or other materials (collectively, "User Content") that you submit or a third party submits on your behalf or using your account.
Furthermore, TeamSnap takes no responsibility for any damages, injuries or other consequences that occur from you using TeamSnap content (e.g., skills and drills videos). These videos are there for informational purposes only and you and you alone must decide whether you can safely perform the techniques demonstrated. Many athletic or other active endeavors or hobbies, including those which may be described or shown in the TeamSnap content, should only be performed under the direction of qualified professionals and using appropriate safety equipment and personnel. You accept all responsibility and release TeamSnap from any liability arising out of or relating to your use of such content.
12. Trademarks and Service Marks
"TeamSnap," “TeamSnapOne,” "TeamSnap.com" and TeamSnap's logos are trademarks, service marks or registered trademarks of TeamSnap Inc. or its suppliers and licensors, and may not be copied, used or imitated, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of TeamSnap or its suppliers or licensors. You may not use meta tags or any other "hidden text" using any of the above-referenced marks without TeamSnap's permission. Additionally, all page headers, graphics, icons, and scripts are service marks, trademarks, and/or trade dress of TeamSnap, and may not be copied, imitated, or used, in whole or in part, without TeamSnap's prior written permission. All other TeamSnap names or logos mentioned on the Service, or any other trademarks, registered or otherwise, are the property of their respective owners. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof by TeamSnap.
13. Links and Third-Party Content
TeamSnap or third parties may provide links on the Services to other sites or content. TeamSnap has no control over such sites or content, and therefore makes no claim or representation regarding, and expressly disclaims responsibility for, the quality, content, nature or reliability of sites or content linked to by the Service. TeamSnap provides links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link on the Services does not imply TeamSnap’s affiliation, endorsement, or adoption of the linked site or any information therein. When you leave the Service, TeamSnap’s terms and policies no longer govern. You should review applicable terms and policies, including the privacy and data gathering practices, of any third-party sites.
14. Beta Testing
From time to time we may make certain Services available to select Users through “beta testing” (each beta testing feature, a “Beta Feature”).  Beta Features are not publicly available and are offered solely for testing and evaluation purposes.  Your participation in beta testing or otherwise accessing Beta Features is subject to these Terms and this section of the Terms.  You further acknowledge and agree (a) Beta Features may not operate as expected and/or perform at the level of our other available Services and (b) any and all information related to a Beta Feature, including your use of a Beta Feature and your feedback, is confidential information and must not be shared with any other person.
WE DO NOT ENDORSE, APPROVE OR VERIFY ANY POSTED USER CONTENT ON THE SERVICES AND WE SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE WHATSOEVER IN ANY MANNER FOR ANY USER CONTENT POSTED ON THE SERVICES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT RELATING TO USER CONTENT POSTED ON THE SERVICES, FOR YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, OR FOR THE CONDUCT OF THIRD PARTIES WHETHER ON THE SERVICES OR RELATING TO THE SERVICES).
TeamSnap is not responsible for typographical errors or omissions relating to pricing, text or photography. We cannot and do not represent or warrant that the site or its server(s) are free of viruses or other harmful components, including content that is posted by third parties. You should use industry-recognized software to detect and disinfect viruses from any download.
TeamSnap Services are not guaranteed to preserve all User Content or information.  You agree that you will not rely on the Services for purposes of storing the sole copy of any User Content that is important to you.  Except as otherwise set forth in our Privacy Policy, we have no obligation to retain or provide you with copies of User Content.  We will not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Services or the loss of any User Content.
15. No Warranties
THE SERVICES AND CONTENT, INCLUDING PAYMENT SERVICES, ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF THE SERVICES, INCLUDING ALL CONTENT OR DATA DISTRIBUTED BY OR DOWNLOADED OR ACCESSED FROM OR THROUGH THE SERVICES, IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TEAMSNAP DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT AS TO THE INFORMATION, SERVICES, AND ALL CONTENT AVAILABLE THEREIN THE SITE. TEAMSNAP DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES AND CONTENT ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, CURRENT, RELIABLE OR ERROR-FREE.
WE DO NOT ENDORSE, APPROVE OR VERIFY ANY POSTED USER CONTENT ON THE SERVICES AND WE SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE WHATSOEVER IN ANY MANNER FOR ANY USER CONTENT POSTED ON THE SERVICES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT RELATING TO USER CONTENT POSTED ON THE SERVICES, FOR YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, OR FOR THE CONDUCT OF THIRD PARTIES WHETHER ON THE SERVICES OR RELATING TO THE SERVICES).
TeamSnap is not responsible for typographical errors or omissions relating to pricing, text or photography. We cannot and do not represent or warrant that the site or its server(s) are free of viruses or other harmful components, including content that is posted by third parties. You should use industry-recognized software to detect and disinfect viruses from any download.
TeamSnap Services are not guaranteed to preserve all User Content or information.  You agree that you will not rely on the Services for purposes of storing the sole copy of any User Content that is important to you.  Except as otherwise set forth in our Privacy Policy, we have no obligation to retain or provide you with copies of User Content.  We will not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Services or the loss of any User Content.
16. Limited Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL TEAMSNAP BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS, OR LOSS OF DATA) WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE), EQUITY OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECdsTED WITH THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES THEREIN OR RESULTING FROM UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF DATA.
TEAMSNAP'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ANY ACTUAL AND DIRECT DAMAGES HEREUNDER SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNTS YOU PAID TO TEAMSNAP DURING THE PRIOR 12 MONTH PERIOD OR $100, HOWEVER, IN ANY JURISDITION WHERE THIS LIMITATION IS FOUND TO BE UNENFORCEABLE, THE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM AMOUNT PERMITTED BY THAT JURISDICTION’S LAW.
You acknowledge that the above limitation of liability is a reasonable allocation of risk for your use of the Services and is a fundamental element of the basis of the agreement between you and TeamSnap. TeamSnap would not be able to provide the App or the Services on an economic basis without such limitations. The warranty disclaimer and limitation of liability inure to the benefit of TeamSnap’s suppliers as well.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of certain warranties, conditions or damages, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you.
17. Arbitration Agreement
All claims and disputes (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief as set forth below) in connection with the Terms, use of any product or service provided by TeamSnap, or related to the processing of personal data, that cannot be resolved informally or on an individual basis in small claims court shall be resolved by binding arbitration on an individual basis under the terms of this Section 18 (this “Arbitration Agreement”). Unless otherwise agreed, all arbitration proceedings will be held in English. This Arbitration Agreement applies to you and TeamSnap, and to any subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services or goods provided under the Terms.
Before either party may seek arbitration, the party must first send to the other party a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”) describing the nature and basis of the claim or dispute, and the requested relief. A Notice to TeamSnap should be sent to: 2045 W Grand Avenue, Ste B PMB 23554, Chicago, IL 60612-1577. After the Notice is received, you and TeamSnap may attempt to resolve the claim or dispute informally. If you and TeamSnap do not resolve the claim or dispute within thirty (30) days after the Notice is received, either party may begin an arbitration proceeding. The amount of any settlement offer made by any party may not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator has determined the amount of the award, if any, to which either party is entitled.
Arbitration shall be initiated through the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (“JAMS”), an established alternative dispute resolution provider (“ADR Provider”) that offers arbitration as set forth in this section. If JAMS is not available to arbitrate, the parties shall agree to select an alternative ADR Provider. The rules of the ADR Provider shall govern all aspects of the arbitration, including but not limited to the method of initiating and/or demanding arbitration, except to the extent such rules are in conflict with the Terms. The JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules (the “JAMS Rules”) governing the arbitration are available online at https://www.jamsadr.com/. The arbitration shall be conducted by a single, neutral arbitrator. Any claims or disputes where the total amount of the award sought is less than Ten Thousand U.S. Dollars (US $10,000.00) may be resolved through binding non-appearance-based arbitration, at the option of the party seeking relief. For claims or disputes where the total amount of the award sought is Ten Thousand U.S. Dollars (US $10,000.00) or more, the right to a hearing will be determined by the Arbitration Rules. Any hearing will be held in a location within 100 miles of your residence, unless you reside outside of the United States, and unless the parties agree otherwise. If you reside outside of the U.S., the arbitrator shall give the parties reasonable notice of the date, time and place of any oral hearings. Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Each party shall bear its own costs (including attorney’s fees) and disbursements arising out of the arbitration and shall pay an equal share of the fees and costs of the ADR Provider.
If non-appearance-based arbitration is elected, the arbitration shall be conducted by telephone, online and/or based solely on written submissions; the specific manner shall be chosen by the party initiating the arbitration. The arbitration shall not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise agreed by the parties.
If you or TeamSnap pursue arbitration, the arbitration action must be initiated and/or demanded within the statute of limitations (i.e., the legal deadline for filing a claim) and within any deadline imposed under the JAMS Rules for the pertinent claim.
If arbitration is initiated, the arbitrator will decide the rights and liabilities, if any, of you and TeamSnap, and the dispute will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or parties. The arbitrator shall have the authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any claim (including any claim regarding the enforceability of this Arbitration Agreement or any unconscionability in connection with these Terms). The arbitrator shall have the authority to award monetary damages, and to grant any non-monetary remedy or relief available to an individual under applicable law, the JAMS Rules, and the Terms. The arbitrator shall issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded. The arbitrator has the same authority to award relief on an individual basis that a judge in a court of law would have. The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and TeamSnap.
THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE THEIR CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO GO TO COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY, instead electing that all claims and disputes shall be resolved by arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement. Arbitration procedures are typically more limited, more efficient and less costly than rules applicable in a court and are subject to very limited review by a court. In the event any litigation should arise between you and TeamSnap in any state or federal court in a suit to vacate or enforce an arbitration award or otherwise, YOU AND THE COMPANY WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL, instead electing that the dispute be resolved by a judge.
ALL CLAIMS AND DISPUTES WITHIN THE SCOPE OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT MUST BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS BASIS, AND CLAIMS OF MORE THAN ONE CUSTOMER OR USER CANNOT BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED JOINTLY OR CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY OTHER CUSTOMER OR USER.
All aspects of the arbitration proceeding, including but not limited to the award of the arbitrator and compliance therewith, shall be strictly confidential. The parties agree to maintain confidentiality unless otherwise required by law. This paragraph shall not prevent a party from submitting to a court of law any information necessary to enforce these Terms, to enforce an arbitration award, or to seek injunctive or equitable relief. If any part or parts of this Arbitration Agreement are found under the law to be invalid or unenforceable with regards to any particular subject matter by a court of competent jurisdiction, then such specific part or parts shall be of no force and effect with regard to such specific subject matter and shall be severed and the remainder of the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
Any or all of the rights and limitations set forth in this Arbitration Agreement may be waived by the party against whom the claim is asserted. Such waiver shall not waive or affect any other portion of this Arbitration Agreement.
This Arbitration Agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with TeamSnap.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either you or TeamSnap may bring an individual action in small claims court.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may seek emergency equitable relief before a state or federal court in order to maintain the status quo pending arbitration. A request for interim measures shall not be deemed a waiver of any other rights or obligations under this Arbitration Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, claims of defamation, violation of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, and infringement or misappropriation of the other party’s patent, copyright, trademark or trade secrets shall not be subject to this Arbitration Agreement.
In any circumstances where the foregoing Arbitration Agreement permits the parties to litigate in court, the parties hereby agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within Denver County, Colorado for such purpose.
18. Conduct Policy
Please read this Conduct Policy carefully. It governs your conduct while using the Services.
Any violation of this policy may result in the suspension or termination of your access to the Services and such action as TeamSnap deems appropriate. Indirect or attempted violations of this policy, and actual or attempted violations by a third party on your behalf, shall be considered violations of the policy by you.
a) Prohibited Conduct.
The following non-exhaustive list describes the kinds of illegal or harmful conduct that are prohibited on the Service.
You agree not to upload, post or otherwise transmit any data that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, known to be false and presented as truth, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable.
You agree not to upload, post or otherwise transmit any data that you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as, but not limited to, inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure Codes).
You agree not to upload, post or otherwise transmit any data that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment. You agree not to upload, post or otherwise transmit any data that potentially infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any person or entity;
You agree not to upload, post or otherwise transmit any data that is unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation.
You agree not to use an account name, file or directory name, or third level domain (i.e., aaa.teamsnap.com), or other identifier that infringes or misappropriates any trademark, service mark or other indicia of origin or that is otherwise likely to cause confusion as to the source, affiliation, sponsorship or endorsement of a third party's products or services.
You agree not to attempt to disguise the origin of any User Content transmitted to the Service.
You agree not to act in any manner that negatively affects other users' ability to use the Service.
You agree not to impersonate any person or entity, including, without limitation, a manufacturer or owner of any product, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity.
You agree not to interfere with the Service, or servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Service.
You agree not to post content that would be harmful to minors in any manner.
You agree not to intentionally create and/or log in with multiple accounts.
b) System and Network Security.
You are prohibited from violating the security of any system or network comprising the Service. Such violations may result in criminal and civil liability. Examples of system or network security violations include, without limitation, the following:
Unauthorized access to or use of data, systems or networks, including any attempt to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the Service Services or to breach security or authentication measures.
Unauthorized monitoring of data or traffic on the Service.
Interference with the Service Services including, without limitation, any type of flooding technique or deliberate attempt to overload a system such as denial of service attacks.
Forging of any packet header, e-mail header or any part of a message header. This prohibition does not include the use of aliases or anonymous remailers.
Using manual or electronic means to avoid any use or access limitations placed on this Service.
c) Enforcement.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Conduct Policy, TeamSnap reserves the right, but does not assume the obligation, to investigate any violation of this Conduct Policy or any other misuse of the Services or its systems, equipment or network. TeamSnap further reserves the right (each in its sole discretion) to screen, edit, modify, remove or disable access to any content that violates these provisions or that TeamSnap deems objectionable. Without limiting the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything contrary in the TeamSnap Privacy Policy, TeamSnap reserves the right to report any activity, data or persons (including the disclosure of relevant user information) to appropriate law enforcement officials, regulators, or other appropriate third parties if TeamSnap suspects you have violated this Conduct Policy or any law or regulation. TeamSnap also may cooperate with appropriate law enforcement agencies to assist in the investigation and prosecution of any illegal conduct.
If you want to report any violations of this Conduct Policy, please contact us at:
policies@teamsnap.com
.
19. TeamSnap Payments Service
Unless otherwise clearly stated, TeamSnap payment processing services (the “Payments Services”) are provided by Stripe and are subject to the Stripe Connected Account Agreement, which includes the Stripe Terms of Service (collectively, the “Stripe Services Agreement”). By agreeing to the Terms of Service or continuing to utilize TeamSnap for payment processing services, you agree to be bound by the Stripe Services Agreement, as the same may be modified by Stripe from time to time. As a condition of TeamSnap enabling payment processing services through Stripe, you agree to provide TeamSnap accurate and complete information about you and your business, and you authorize TeamSnap to share with Stripe, or such other payment processing service provider, such information and transaction information related to your use of the payment processing services provided by Stripe.  We may suspend or terminate your use of the Payment Services at any time for any reason.
Your Responsibilities With Using TeamSnap Payments Service
You are independently responsible for complying with all applicable by-laws, rules, regulations, policies and guidelines (“Operating Rules”) of the Card Brands (defined as Visa, MasterCard, American Express or Discover Network), the standards set forth by the Payment Card Industry (“PCI”) Security Standards Counsel, and all applicable laws  in all of your actions related to your use of TeamSnap's Payment Service, regardless of the purpose of the use.
Without limiting any other warranties hereunder, you represent, warrant and covenant with us and with the submission of each card transaction, the following representations, warranties and/covenants:
Each transaction is genuine and arises from a bona fide transaction, permissible under the Operating Rules and applicable law, by the Cardholder (the person authorized to use the card) directly with you;
Each transaction represents a valid obligation for the amount shown on the sales draft and does not involve the use of a card for any other purpose;
Each transaction represents an obligation of the related Cardholder for the amount of the transaction;
The amount charged for each card transaction is not subject to any dispute, set off or counterclaim;
Each transaction amount is only for respective merchandise or services (including taxes, but without any surcharge) sold, leased, or rented to a Cardholder by you and, that merchandise or service was actually delivered to or performed for the Cardholder entering into that transaction simultaneously upon your accepting and submitting that transaction for processing;
With respect to each transaction, you have no knowledge or notice of any fact, circumstance, or defense which would indicate that such transaction is fraudulent or not authorized by the related Cardholder or which would otherwise impair the validity or collectability of that Cardholder’s obligation arising from that transaction or relieve that Cardholder from liability with respect thereto;
Each sales draft is free of any alteration not authorized by the related Cardholder;
For recurring transactions, you have obtained the Cardholder’s prior written consent for recurring transactions, including a description of the product or service and the frequency and duration of the recurring charge, and have notified the Cardholder that he or she may cancel the recurring charges at any time.  You must retain evidence of such written consent for 24 months and will honor any Cardholder cancellation.
Further, you are authorized to carry on your own business as it is conducted and to enter into these terms for Payment Services. You have not changed the nature of your business, card acceptance practices, delivery methods, return policies, or types of products or services sold requiring a different merchant category code under Operating Rules, in a way not previously disclosed to us. You will use the Payment Services only for your own proper business purposes and will not resell, directly or indirectly, any part of the Payment Services to any person. You, or your third-party service providers, have not filed, or intend to file, a bankruptcy petition not previously disclosed to us. All information and data you provide to us, or for which you engage a third party to provide to us, is complete, truthful, accurate, valid, your lawful property, and you have the right to communicate such information. You own or otherwise have the full right and authority to use and disseminate all information, data, graphics, text, video, music, or other intellectual property which forms a part of your website, or which you use in your advertising. You and your third- party service providers are legally authorized to sell any product or services offered and have obtained all necessary regulatory approvals and certificates (hereafter, “Certificates”). You will provide us or Stripe, or such other payment processing service provider, any copies of Certificates immediately upon receipt of our request.  You are responsible for the security of Cardholder data and will maintain appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards for all Cardholder information.
FEES, PAYMENTS, CHARGEBACKS, RESERVES AND OTHER MATTERS
Fees and Charges:
You will pay the Payment Services fees and charges set forth in your agreement with us, as amended from time to time, or as otherwise mutually agreed to by us and you. Upon 30 days written notice to you, we may change fees, including adding fees for additional services utilized by you and/or increasing fees for any adverse change to your risk profile, as reasonably determined by us.  You are responsible for any costs associated with internet, communication, devices or other equipment you use in connection with the Services.  Use of the Services may impact your cellular data usage or other data plan.
Payouts.
Daily or weekly payouts are made to you for valid transactions, as determined by us in our sole discretion.  Payments due to you, consisting of the sum of the money actually received for all transactions less all fees and charges due to us will be paid in arrears unless otherwise agreed.  We reserve the right to modify the payment cycle or offer alternative payment cycle options to you at any time.  We may exercise our ability to delay or suspend payments while we verify certain aspects of any transaction.  We may, in our discretion, modify our verification processes at any time.  In the event we, in our discretion, or at the direction of Stripe, determine that there is a need for an investigation and analysis regarding fraud, violation of Operating Rules, violation of our Terms, violation of Stripe’s terms, or violation of law relating to the transactions performed on your behalf, we may exercise our right to withhold payments to you without penalty, to enable us to complete such investigation and analysis.  If it is determined that there has been fraud, violation of Operating Rules, violation of our Terms, violation of Stripe’s terms, or violation of law relating to the transactions performed on your behalf, we may direct the withholding of payment to you indefinitely.
Operating Accounts and Reserve Accounts.
You shall establish an operating account at a financial institution of your choice prior to processing any transactions (“Operating Account”).  You must maintain sufficient funds in the Operating Account for the crediting of collected funds and the debiting of fees and charges under these terms for Payment Services.  You acknowledge that all payments and credits provided to you are provisional and subject to suspension, to chargebacks, and to adjustments.  We may exercise our right to withhold funds by temporarily suspending or delaying payouts of proceeds to you and/or designate an amount of funds that you must maintain in your Operating Account or in a separate reserve account (“Reserve Account”) to secure the performance of your obligations.  We may require a Reserve Account for any reason related to your use of the Payments Services.  The Reserve Account amount will be an amount as reasonably determined by us to cover potential losses.  The Reserve Account amount may be raised, reduced or removed at any time by us, in our sole discretion, based on your payment history, a credit review, or otherwise as we may determine or require.  The Reserve Account may be funded by deduction from payments due to you or a charge against the Operating Account.  You have no ability to make withdraws from the Reserve Account without our written consent.
Transaction Disputes.
You understand and agree that we are not in any way financially responsible for chargebacks.  You further agree:
(a) Except for our limited role in processing payments, we are not involved in any underlying sale of goods or services by you. You agree that all disputes between you and any Cardholder relating to a transaction will be settled between you and the Cardholder. We bear no responsibility for such disputes.
(b) Card Brand inquiries about transactions may cause us, Stripe or such other payment processor to chargeback such transactions. We will offset the value of such chargebacks from the transaction funds that will be received for settlement to you. If you disagree with a chargeback, you may request a chargeback reversal within the applicable Card Brand’s timeline in the Operating Rules.
(c) You will accept for chargeback any sale for which the Cardholder disputes the validity of the sale according to prevailing Card Brand regulations, or a card issuer determines that you have in any way failed to comply with Card Brand regulations or procedures in accepting a card and presenting the resulting sales draft for purchase.
(d) You are subject to each Card Brand’s acceptance guidelines, monitoring programs, activity reporting requirements, and limits, including those relating to excessive credits, disputes, and chargebacks. Excessive chargebacks may result in violation of the Operating Rules, breach of these terms for Payment Services, and suspension of the Payment Services.
(e) We, Stripe, or such other payment processor, may revoke, reverse, or offset any credit to you for a transaction not made in compliance with these terms for Payment Services or the Stripe agreements, the Operating Rules, or law or where such remittance to you was made erroneously.
(f)  You shall pay us the amount of any transaction, any chargeback fee, plus any Card Brand fine or assessment.  We may offset these fees against the Operating Account or any Reserve Account without prior notice to you.
Taxes and IRS Reporting.
To comply with IRS 1099-K reporting requirements, we, or Stripe, may be required to file a form 1099-K with the US Internal Revenue Service (IRS).  We may collect federal backup withholdings upon transaction settlement, on behalf of the IRS, from you if you do not supply your legal name, SSN or EIN, or if you fail to respond to a request from us to verify the same.  A fee for this service may apply.
Indemnification for Payment Services.
In addition to your other liability set forth in the Terms of Service, you will defend, indemnify and hold us and its officers, directors, members, shareholders, partners, employees, agents, subcontractors and representatives harmless from and against any and all fines, penalties, claims, damages, expenses, liabilities or fees of any nature whatsoever, including attorneys’ fees and costs (“ Payment Services Damages”), asserted against or incurred by us arising out of, relating to or resulting from, either directly or indirectly:
(a) a breach of the security of your system safeguarding Cardholder information resulting in unauthorized access to Cardholder information;
(b) a breach of any representation, warranty or term of these terms for Payment Services related to Payment Services, including, but not limited to, the data security provisions by you, or any service provider, subcontractor or agent of yours;
(c) the negligence, or willful misconduct of you in the performance of its Payment Services obligations hereunder, including, but not limited to, the data security provisions;
(d) any violation of laws, Card Brand regulations, or Operating Rules by you; and
(e) all third party claims arising from the foregoing.
Activities Requiring Approval.
PayPal requires pre-approval to accept payments for certain services, as set forth in the PayPal acceptable use policy, which you may access as of the date of this policy at the following link:
https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/acceptableuse-full
.
20. Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA)
The Website is an internet "service provider" under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. Section 512 (“DMCA”). As required by the DMCA, TeamSnap maintains specific contact information provided below for notifications of claimed infringement regarding materials posted to the Website. All notices should be addressed to the contact person specified below (our agent for notice of claimed infringement):
Copyright Agent
2045 W Grand Ave
Ste B PMB 23554
Chicago, IL 60612-1577
TeamSnap will respond expeditiously to claims of copyright infringement committed on the Website. In notifying TeamSnap of alleged copyright infringement, the DMCA requires that you include the following information: (i) description of the copyrighted work that is the subject of claimed infringement; (ii) description of the infringing material and information sufficient to permit TeamSnap to locate the alleged material; (iii) contact information for you, including your address, telephone number and/or e-mail address; (iv) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or by the operation of any law; (v) a statement by you, signed under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that you have the authority to enforce the copyrights that are claimed to be infringed; and (vi) a physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. Failure to include all of the above-listed information may result in the delay of the processing of your complaint.
General Provisions
You hereby release TeamSnap and its successors from claims, demands, any and all losses, damages, rights, and actions of any kind, including personal injuries, death, and property damage, that is either directly or indirectly related to or arises from your use of the Services or any interaction between you and any other user of the Services. If you are a California resident, you hereby waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which states, “A general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party.”
The Terms, and your rights and obligations hereunder, may not be assigned, subcontracted, delegated or otherwise transferred by you without TeamSnap’s prior written consent, and any attempted assignment, subcontract, delegation, or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void. TeamSnap shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform resulting from causes outside its reasonable control, including, but not limited to, acts of God, war, terrorism, riots, embargos, acts of civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents, strikes or shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labor or materials.
The Terms and any action related thereto will be governed and interpreted by and under the laws of the State of Colorado, consistent with the Federal Arbitration Act, without giving effect to any principles that provide for the application of the law of another jurisdiction.
Where TeamSnap requires that you provide an e-mail address, you are responsible for providing TeamSnap with your most current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address you provided to TeamSnap is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you any notices required/ permitted by the Terms, TeamSnap’s dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice. You may give notice to TeamSnap at the following address:
2045 W Grand Ave., Ste B PMB 23554, Chicago, IL 60612-1577
. Such notice shall be deemed given when received by TeamSnap by letter delivered by nationally recognized overnight delivery service or first-class postage prepaid mail at the above address.
Any waiver or failure to enforce any provision of the Terms on one occasion will not be deemed a waiver of any other provision or of such provision on any other occasion.
If any provision of the Terms is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of the Terms will remain enforceable, and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. You may not use, export, import, or transfer the Services except as authorized by U.S. law, the laws of the jurisdiction in which you obtained the Services, and any other applicable laws. In particular, but without limitation, the Services may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any United States embargoed countries, or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Denied Person’s List or Entity List. By using the Services, you represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties. You also will not use the Services for any purpose prohibited by U.S. law, including the development, design, manufacture or production of missiles, nuclear, chemical or biological weapons. You acknowledge and agree that products, services or technology provided by TeamSnap are subject to the export control laws and regulations of the United States. You shall comply with these laws and regulations and shall not, without prior U.S. government authorization, export, re-export, or transfer TeamSnap products, services or technology, either directly or indirectly, to any country in violation of such laws and regulations.
The Terms are the final, complete and exclusive agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and merges all prior discussions between the parties with respect to such subject matter.
Your use of, and participation in, certain Services may be subject to additional terms and such terms will either be listed in the Terms of Service or will be presented to you for your acceptance before you use the supplemental Service.
Please note that the Terms are subject to change by TeamSnap in its sole discretion at any time. When changes are made, TeamSnap will make a new copy of the Terms of Service available on the Website. We will also update the “Last Updated” date on the Terms of Service. If TeamSnap makes any material changes, and you have registered with us to create an Account, TeamSnap will also send an e-mail to you at the last e-mail address you provided to us pursuant to the Terms. TeamSnap may require you to provide consent to the updated Terms in a specified manner before further use of the Services is permitted. If you do not agree to any change(s) after receiving a notice of such change(s), you shall stop using the Services. Otherwise, your continued use of the Services constitutes your acceptance of such change(s).
Notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, the provisions of Sections 9, 11, 12, 13, 16, 17, 18, 21, 22, 23, and 25, as well as any obligation or liability of the parties that by its nature is intended to survive termination, shall remain in full force and effect.