Terms & Conditions
These Terms govern your use of the Tesco.com website and the Tesco Groceries and Clubcard apps (the "Site") and your relationship with Tesco Stores Limited (Tesco, we or us). Please read them carefully as they affect your rights and liabilities under the law. If you do not agree to these Terms please do not use the Site. Please note that to buy any products on the Site, you are required to register as an authorised user and additional Terms and Conditions will apply.
1. Use of the Site
The site is provided to you free of charge for your personal use subject to these Terms.

 
By using the Site you agree to be bound by these Terms.

 
All orders and purchases made on the Site will also be governed by the relevant Product Terms below:

 
• Tesco products and Marketplace

• Embroidered uniform, SIM free and pay as you go mobile phones

• Clubcard

• Tesco Wine

 
; each an "Online Store", together the "Online Stores"

 
Please note that Tesco Bank, Tesco Mobile and Tesco Photo are not operated by Tesco Stores Limited and any services ordered from these websites are subject to the terms and conditions available on the relevant website. For the purpose of these Terms, the Tesco Bank, Tesco Mobile and Tesco Photo sites are not classified as part of the Site.

 
THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DO NOT AFFECT YOUR STATUTORY RIGHTS.

2. Amendments
We may update these Terms from time to time and any changes will be notified to you via the e-mail address provided by you on registration or via a suitable announcement on the Site. The changes will apply to the use of the Site after we have given notice. If you do not wish to accept the new Terms you should not continue to use the Site and the Online Stores. If you continue to use the Site after the date on which the change comes into effect, your use of the Site indicates your agreement to be bound by the new Terms.
3. Registration
To register on the Site you must be over eighteen years of age.

 
You must ensure that the details provided by you on registration or at any time are correct and complete. Please inform us of any changes to your information by updating your personal details to ensure that our records are correct.

4. Password and security
When you register to use the Site you will be asked to create a password. You must keep this password confidential and must not disclose it or share it with anyone. You will be responsible for all activities and orders that occur or are submitted under your password. If you know or suspect that someone else knows your password you should notify us by contacting Customer Services (see below for contact details).

 
If Tesco has reason to believe that there is likely to be a breach of security or misuse of the Site, we may require you to change your password or we may suspend your account in accordance with paragraph 10 below.

5. Clubcard
When you register for an online account to shop at Tesco.com, you will have the option to open a Clubcard account, unless you already have one. By registering for an online account, you agree to be bound by the Clubcard terms and conditions. You can contact us at any time if you no longer want your Clubcard account.

 
Bonus coupons received with the quarterly Clubcard mailing or handed out in-store, and product or discount coupons issued by manufacturers or promoters, cannot be redeemed against purchases from our website.

6. Coupon Terms and Conditions
a. Using coupons
Coupons can be used in-store or online at www.tesco.com subject to these general terms and conditions, and any other specific conditions notified to you on the issue of a coupon.

 
No coupon is redeemable through any website owned or operated by Tesco Stores Limited (Tesco) other than tesco.com.

 
A coupon is redeemed by either:

 
1. scanning the barcode at the till in-store

2. entering its code at the appropriate point in the online purchase process

3. adding it to the Clubcard in the Tesco Grocery & Clubcard app – where it will be automatically redeemed when the Clubcard is next scanned in-store (if qualifying criteria is met)

 
Redemption may be subject to you providing proof of entitlement and/or your Clubcard to use the coupon.

 
Online coupons are valid on online orders placed and delivered/collected within the stated validity date.

 
Your use of a coupon indicates your agreement to be bound by these coupon Terms and Conditions.

b. Distributions of coupons
Coupons are, and always remain, the property of Tesco.

 
Online coupons starting with GC issued directly to the recipient may not be transferred. It can only be used by the person to whom it was issued and in the corresponding account.

 
Online coupons starting with GR displayed on tesco.com homepage or banners can be used by anyone.

 
No coupon may be copied, reproduced, distributed, or stored in a data retrieval system, without the prior written permission of Tesco.

 
Coupons distributed or circulated without the written approval of Tesco, for example on an Internet message board or on a "bargains" website, are not valid for use and may be refused or cancelled.

c. Permitted usage of coupons
Unless expressly stated otherwise at the time of issue of the coupon:

 
a. Each issued coupon will be valid for use by a recipient only once

b. Only one coupon will be valid for use per customer or household

c. A coupon may not be used in conjunction with any other special offer or coupon

 
Coupons cannot be exchanged for cash or used to purchase gift vouchers.

d. Excluded goods and services
Certain goods or services are excluded from all coupons. These include fuel, tobacco, infant formula milk, prescription medicine, Tesco or branded gift cards, Clubcard Plus subscriptions, delivery, gift wrap or postage & packing. From time-to-time other goods or services may be excluded and any such further exclusion will be notified to you along with the coupon or through the tesco.com website.

 
Coupons may be limited to redemption in respect of certain products or services or certain products or services may be excluded from the ambit of use of the coupon, in which case notice will be given to you at the time of issue of the coupon.

 
Extra points coupons are not redeemable against alcohol in Northern Ireland.

 
Excluded goods and services will not count towards any qualifying conditions for offers and will not benefit from any promotional discount.

e. Minimum spend requirements
Where the redemption of a coupon is subject to a minimum spending requirement, the redemption is only permitted in respect of the purchase of qualifying products which will be communicated to you at the time of issue of the coupon. Excluded products and services will not count towards a minimum spend requirement.

 
If more than one minimum spend offer is valid for use in an order, there must be sufficient qualifying spend to meet the requirements of each offer in total. For example, to use a £3 off £30 coupon and a £5 off £50 coupon in the same transaction (assuming that these coupons can be used together), you must spend at least £80.

f. Order of discount
Coupons are deducted from the total basket value after all promotions have been applied. Promotions that will be deducted before the coupons are applied to the total basket value may include third-party subscription coupons or offers redeemable at Tesco, Tesco promotions and Clubcard Prices. Minimum spend coupons are only valid if the minimum amount is reached on qualifying products, after promotions and Clubcard Prices have been applied.

 
Colleague Clubcard discount is deducted from the total basket after promotions, Clubcard Prices and coupons have been applied.

 
For online orders, you will need to ensure your total basket spend is over £50 after all promotions and Clubcard Prices have been applied, or a minimum basket fee will be added.

 
Tesco issues several types of coupons, as well as there being an order to how discounts and promotions are applied, this is also the case with coupons.

 
If you apply all 6 types of coupons, they will be deducted from your basket in the following order:

 
a. Money off total basket spend, e.g. £5 off when you spend £25 or more on your shop.

b. Money off category with minimum spend, e.g. £5 off when you £15 or more on fruit and vegetables.

c. Money off a product, e.g. £1 off Tesco fresh apples.

d. Percentage off a basket spend, e.g. 10% off your shop.

e. Percentage off a category, e.g. 10% off frozen foods.

f. Percentage off a product, e.g. 10% off a pack of Tesco pasta.

 
Double/triple points coupons are calculated on your basket sub-total (after any promotions or discounts and Clubcard Prices are applied). Points from extra points coupons will be added to your next statement.

g. Security and Fraud
When you use a coupon, you warrant to Tesco that you are the duly authorised recipient of the coupon and that you are using it in good faith.

 
If you redeem, attempt to redeem, or encourage the redemption of coupons to obtain discounts to which you or a third party are not entitled you may be committing a civil or criminal offence.

 
If we believe that any coupon is being used unlawfully or illegally, we may reject or cancel any coupon and you agree that you will have no claim against us in respect of any rejection or cancellation. Tesco reserves the right to take any further action it deems appropriate in such instances.

h. Limitation of liability
At all times, our acceptance of an order takes place on despatch of the order, at which point the purchase contract will be made and you will be charged for your order.

 
All offers are subject to availability and while stocks last.

 
Tesco shall not be liable to any customer or household for any monetary loss arising out of the refusal, cancellation or withdrawal of any coupon or any failure or inability of a customer or household to use a coupon for any reason.

i. Miscellaneous
We reserve the right to vary or terminate the operation of any coupon at any time without notice.

 
The failure of Tesco to take any action in respect of a breach of these terms and conditions shall not constitute a waiver of their enforceability. Tesco always reserves its rights in respect of these terms and conditions.

j. Colleague Coupons
From time to time, we may issue coupons specifically to be used by Tesco colleagues, or Tesco Colleague Clubcard holders (including Card for Life holders, second Colleague Clubcard holders and some subsidiary businesses).

 
We reserve the right to vary or terminate the operation of any colleague coupon at any time without notice.

k. Clubcard competitions
For all the latest Tesco Clubcard competition terms and conditions, please go to: www.tesco.com/zones/tesco-competitions

7. Intellectual property
The content of the Site is protected by copyright, trade marks, database and other intellectual property rights. You may retrieve and display the content of the Site on a computer screen, store such content in electronic form on disk (but not any server or other storage device connected to a network) or print one copy of such content for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided you keep intact all and any copyright and proprietary notices. You may not otherwise reproduce, modify, copy or distribute or use for commercial purposes any of the materials or content on the Site without written permission from Tesco.

 
Prohibited automated access: you must not use any automated system, software, or process (including bots, crawlers, scrapers, or AI tools) to access, extract, or collect data from this Site for any purpose without our prior written consent. This includes using Site content for training machine learning or AI models.

 
No licence is granted to you in these Terms to use any trade mark of Tesco.com or its affiliated companies including, without limitation, the trade marks TESCO, TESCO.COM and TESCO CLUBCARD.

8. Ratings and Reviews
You agree to adhere to our Ratings and reviews policy when submitting any ratings or reviews on the Site.
9. Tesco Social Media Community Rules
• We encourage comments on Tesco related subjects in an intelligent and constructive manner. We reflect a wide range of interests for the benefit of all of our users.

• Treat others as you would like to be treated. Be polite, even if you disagree. Abusive language, aggression and bullying are not allowed (whether aimed at users, individuals, Tesco or other companies). Distressing content is also banned.

• We will try to help you with any queries, but to respect your privacy we cannot ask for personal contact details on this page. It may be necessary to ask you to contact us via Private Message/Direct Message.

• To safeguard the privacy of individuals any postings including information that may identify individual's offline will be removed.

• Repeated duplicate postings (spam) by the same user or groups will be removed as they clutter up discussions for other users.

• Comments subject to legal issues (slander, defamation, contempt of court) or publicising / encouraging / endorsing illegal activity will be removed.

• Content with overt religious or political bias intended to incite others will be removed. Aggressive lobbying that disrupts the community for other Tesco users will be removed.

• Impersonating brands or other users or featuring licensed or copyright material is not allowed.

• Content containing unverified or false claims about products will be removed.

• Finally, Tesco retains the right to remove content posted on social media or block users from posting to any Tesco page for any other reason deemed necessary to create a helpful community.

 
Please respect all of Facebook's terms and conditions.

 
Please respect all of Twitter's terms and conditions.

10. Availability of the Site
Although Tesco aims to offer you the best service possible, Tesco makes no promise that the services at the Site will meet your requirements. Tesco cannot guarantee that the service will be fault free. If a fault occurs in the service you should report it to the Customer Services (see below for contact details) and we will attempt to correct the fault as soon as we reasonably can.

 
Your access to the Site may be occasionally restricted to allow for repairs, maintenance or the introduction of new facilities or services. Tesco will attempt to restore the service as soon as it reasonably can.

11. Tesco's right to suspend or cancel your registration
Tesco may suspend or cancel your registration immediately at our reasonable discretion or if you breach any of your obligations under these Terms.

 
The suspension or cancellation of your registration and your right to use the Site shall not affect either party's rights or liabilities.

12. Tesco's liability
The content on the Site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on the Site.

 
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on the Site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on the Site is accurate, complete or up to date.

 
Nothing in this paragraph applies to Tesco's liability in respect of products sold through the Online Stores.

13. Third Party Websites
As a convenience to Tesco customers, the Site includes links to other websites or material which are beyond its control. Tesco is not responsible in any way for content outside the Site.
14. Applicable Law
These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and any disputes will be decided only by the English courts.
15. International Use
Tesco makes no promise that materials on the Site are appropriate or available for use in locations outside the United Kingdom.
16. Miscellaneous
You may not assign, sub-license or otherwise transfer any of your rights under these Terms.

 
If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of that provision will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms, which shall remain in full force and effect.

 
If you breach these Terms and Tesco ignores this, Tesco will still be entitled to use its rights and remedies at a later date or in any other situation where you breach the Terms.

 
Tesco Stores Limited will donate 10p through the sale of gingerbread products between 13/11/24 and 25/12/24 either in-store or online. The total donations raised will be split equally between FareShare, a registered charity in England and Wales (1100051) and Scotland (SC052672) and Trussell, the operating name of The Trussell Trust, a registered charity in England and Wales (1110522) and Scotland (SC044246) to help provide access to food for people in the community that need our help. Tesco Stores Limited will make available the final total of donations shortly after the Christmas period.

17. Using our diet and lifestyle search function
Our food preference search function has been designed to help you match relevant products on our grocery website and app to specific dietary or lifestyle food and drink needs.

 
We work with a team of nutritionists who regularly review the food products we sell to make sure they fit your dietary profile. However, food products are frequently reformulated, ingredients may change and manufacturers’ data may be incorrect or incomplete. That’s why we’re constantly reviewing and updating the filters.

 
Tesco Free From products are produced under controlled conditions to ensure their product claims are valid and not misleading, making them the ideal fit for a diet with specific needs.

 
The search results displayed will contain products from both the Tesco Free From range as well as other products that have been identified as not containing a specified allergen as an ingredient.

 
Bear in mind that other products and filters have been collated by reviewing their ingredients list and any ‘may contain’ labelling, so while they won’t contain a specified allergen, they may not have been produced under controlled conditions. That means we can’t guarantee they’re suitable for a specific dietary need.

 
Our search function is all about saving you time and identifying potentially suitable food but shouldn’t be used as an alternative to medical advice and carrying out your own checks. We recommend that you don’t just rely on information provided on any list and always check product labels.

 
Specific filter info, powered by Spoon Guru:


No gluten
Discover products which are free from gluten or do not have gluten-containing ingredients. We recommend that it shouldn’t be used as an alternative to medical advice and you do your own checks on product information.
Vegetarian
These products are free from all animal products or animal by-products, with the exception of eggs, milk products and honey. They’re also free from all products or by-products of the fishing industry. We recommend that you don’t rely solely on this information and that you always check product labels.
Vegan
These products do not contain any ingredients from animals including eggs, milk, honey or fishery products. Some products listed are not suitable for milk or egg allergy sufferers because milk and/or egg are present in the environment where the products are made. Customers with these allergies should always check the product information online and on the product label.
Low fat
These products contain 3g or less of total fat per 100g, or 1.5g or less of total fat per 100ml for liquids. This is based on the "traffic light" food labelling system developed by the Food Standards Agency and the Department of Health.
Halal
These products don’t contain any alcohol or pork. In addition, products containing meat will not appear on the list unless labelled as Halal by the manufacturer.
No lactose
Everything here is lactose-free or doesn’t have lactose listed within the ingredients. We recommend that you don’t just rely on this information and always check product labels. It shouldn’t be used as an alternative to medical advice and your own checks.
Organic
This filter produces a list of products which are labelled by the manufacturer as ‘organic’. We recommend that you do not rely solely on this information and that you always check product labels.
Low sugar
These products all contain 5g or less of total sugar per 100g, or 2.5g or less per 100ml for liquids. This is based on the "traffic light" food labelling system as developed by the Food Standards Agency and the Department of Health.
Sugar-free
Products are considered sugar-free if they contain 0.5g or less of total sugar per 100g or 100ml. The value used to define sugar-free is based upon the approved nutrition claim for sugar-free in the EU Nutrition & Health Claims Regulation legislation (EC) No 1924/2006.
Low salt
This filter produces a list of products containing 0.3g or less of salt per 100g, based on the "traffic light" food labelling system as developed by the Food Standards Agency and the Department of Health.
Low calorie
Products are considered as low calorie if they contain 40kcal or less per 100g for solid foods or 20kcal or less per 100ml for liquids. The value used to define low calorie is based upon the approved nutrition claim for low energy in the EU Nutrition & Health Claims Regulation legislation (EC) No 1924/2006.
No egg
These products contain no egg or do not have egg as an ingredient. Please don’t just rely on this information and always check product labels. It shouldn’t be used as an alternative to medical advice and your own checks.
No milk
This is a list of products which are free from milk or do not have milk as an ingredient. Please don’t just rely on this information and always check product labels. It shouldn’t be used as an alternative to medical advice and your own checks.
No soya
These products do not contain soya or do not have soya as an ingredient, such as soya, soya flour, whole soybeans, edamame, soya sauce, soya oil (including cold-pressed and refined), and soya lecithin. We recommend that you don’t just rely on this information and always check product labels. It shouldn’t be used as an alternative to medical advice and your own checks.
Paleo
These are products which don’t contain ingredients inconsistent with general paleo diet principles, such as grains, milk (including milk-based products such as cheese and yogurt), beans, pulses and peas, sugars that are specifically listed, alcohol, e numbers, sulphites and salt. This filter also includes potatoes. We recommend that you don’t just rely on this information and always check product labels.
Kosher
These are products which are labelled by the manufacturer with a stamp confirming its Kosher status. We recommend that you that also check product labels as well as using this information.
Lacto-Vegetarian
Products on this list contain no meat, fish, shellfish, eggs or cheese derived from animal rennet. We recommend that you don’t just rely on this information and that you always check product labels.
Ovo-Vegetarian
This filter produces a list of products which do not contain meat, fish, shellfish, as well as milk and all dairy products such as cheese & yoghurt. We recommend that you do not rely solely on this information and that you always check product labels.
Pescetarian
These products may include fish or shellfish but don’t contain any meat as well as cheeses derived from animal rennet such as parmesan. Please don’t just rely on this information and always check product labels.
Low alcohol
Products on this list covers beers, wines, or spirits which are labelled by the manufacturer as no alcohol, low-alcohol, alcohol-free or contains less than 1.2% ABV. We recommend that you don’t solely rely on this information and always check product labels.
No alcohol
Products here are beers, wines, or spirits, which are labelled by the manufacturer as no alcohol, alcohol free, or contains less than 0.05% ABV and do not contain alcohol as an ingredient. Please don’t just go by this information alone and always check product labels.
No caffeine
These products are all caffeine-free or don’t contain caffeine-containing ingredients. Please note that this filter will be applied to non-alcoholic drinks only, and not across food products, beers, wines and spirits. Please don’t just rely on this information and always check product labels.
Low Saturated Fat
Products here all contain 1.5g or less of saturated fat per 100g, or 0.75g or less per 100ml. This is based on the “traffic light” food labelling system as developed by the Food Standards Agency and the Department of Health.
High Fibre
Products are deemed to be high in fibre if they contain 6g or more of total dietary fibre per 100g or contain 3g or more of total dietary fibre per 100 kcals. The value used to define high fibre is based upon the approved nutrition claim for high fibre in the EU Nutrition & Health Claims Regulation legislation (EC) No 1924/2006.
Source Of Fibre
Products are seen as a source of fibre if they contain 3g or more of total dietary fibre per 100g or contain 1.5g or more of total dietary fibre per 100 kcals. The value used to define a source of fibre is based upon the approved nutrition claim for a source of fibre in the EU Nutrition & Health Claims Regulation legislation (EC) No 1924/2006.
1 of 5 a Day
These products contain at least 1 of your recommended 5 portions of fruit or vegetables to consume each day. The products featured will contain at least 80g of fruit, vegetables, beans, peas or pulses or if dried fruit, at least 30g. This list will also feature juices and smoothies which are 100% fruit and/or vegetable juice. Fruits and vegetables which are sold loose will also feature as these can either form part or provide a whole portion of fruit and/or vegetables. This portion guidance is based on recommendations from the NHS and Public Health England.
18. Tesco Grocery & Clubcard app
In this section, "Content" means any image, photograph, picture, text, artwork, file, sound, graphic, data or other similar materials submitted or uploaded to, via, through or in connection with the App and "Media" means any means of conveying information, whether now known or hereafter devised.

 
Tesco and any Tesco subcontractor or representative (including IQ Engines, Inc) disclaim all warranties and limit all liabilities arising out of or related to the App to the fullest extent permissible under law. In particular, both Tesco and any Tesco subcontractor or representative (including IQ Engines, Inc) disclaim all liabilities in connection with the following:

 
1. Incompatibility of the App with any of your equipment, software or telecommunications links.

2. Any loss or damage caused to any of your equipment by use of the App.

3. Technical problems including errors or interruptions of the App.

4. Unsuitability, unreliability or inaccuracy of the App.

5. Inadequacy of the App to meet your requirements.

 
You hereby grant to Tesco and where applicable any Tesco subcontractor or representative (including IQ Engines, Inc) a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, nonexclusive, royalty free, fully-paid up, transferable right and license, with the right to sublicense (through multiple tiers) in respect of all of your intellectual property and other rights in the Content to copy, make derivative works of, distribute, transmit, publicly perform, publicly display, modify or adapt the Content, in whole or in part, for any and all purposes, in any manner, using any Media.

 
You acknowledge that Tesco owns or is the licensee to all right, title and interest in and to this App, including all rights under patent, copyright, trademark and all other proprietary rights including all applications, renewals, extensions and restorations thereof, granted by and under any and all applicable laws.

 
You warrant that you will not modify, adapt, translate, prepare derivative works from, decompile, reverse-engineer, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to derive source code from the App.


Back to top

The Site is owned and operated by Tesco Stores Limited a company registered in England and Wales whose registered office is at Tesco House, Shire Park, Kestrel Way, Welwyn Garden City, AL7 1GA.

 
If you have any queries please contact Customer Services on 0800 323 4050 or 0330 123 4050 from a mobile.

 
Company Registration No. 519500, VAT No. GB220 4302 31

 
Last update: 21/01/2026