Login: Testbook US
Terms of Service
Website and Service Terms and Conditions - General
The Testbook website ("Website") and related services (together with the Website, the "Service") are operated by Testbook Edu aSolutions Pvt. Ltd. ("Testbook", "us" or "we"). Access and use of the Service is subject to the following Terms and Conditions of Service ("Terms and Conditions"). By accessing or using any part of the Service, you represent that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions including any future modifications. Testbook may amend, update or change these Terms and Conditions. If we do this, we will post a notice that we have made changes to these Terms and Conditions on the Website for at least 7 days after the changes are posted and will indicate at the bottom of the Terms and Conditions the date these terms were last revised. Any revisions to these Terms and Conditions will become effective the earlier of (i) the end of such 7-day period or (ii) the first time you access or use the Service after such changes. If you do not agree to abide by these Terms and Conditions, you are not authorized to use, access or participate in the Service.
Description of Website and Service
The Service allows users to prepare for any examination online by offering (a) Test Series e-module (b) Test Series e-module printed version and (c) evaluation services as opted/selected by Users. Users interested in learning or practicing are presented with different types of educational activities. Testbook may, in its sole discretion and at any time, update, change, suspend, make improvements to or discontinue any aspect of the Service, temporarily or permanently.
Registration
In connection with registering for and using the Service, you agree (i) to provide accurate, current and complete information about you and/or your organization as requested by Testbook; (ii) to maintain the confidentiality of your password and other information related to the security of your account; (iii) to maintain and promptly update any registration information you provide to Testbook while registering or during your usage of Testbook's services, to keep such information accurate, current and complete; (iv) to be fully responsible for all use of your account and for any actions that take place through your account; (v) By signing up on Testbook you deemed to have given your consent to be contacted by us via phone calls and/or SMS notifications and offer you our services, imparting product knowledge, offer promotional, offers running on website/app, offers offered by the associated third parties and also order/shipment/delivery related updates, irrespective of the fact if also you have registered yourself under DND or DNC or NCPR service, you still authorize Testbook to give you a call for the above mentioned purposes. (vi) You are required to provide your examination registration information for the purpose of our internal estimation of successful candidates. If you do not provide the information, your partial or full access to the website content and/or other Testbook services may be blocked. No refund will be provided in such scenario. We assure you that we will not use this information for any other purpose or share this information with any third party.
Subscriptions
You may choose to purchase a monthly or annual subscription and download the Application through a third party platform. Alternatively, you may subscribe to our Services through our website and then download the related Application through a third party platform.
When you purchase a subscription, payment may be processed by third parties who act on our behalf or directly by the third party platform (e.g. Apple or Google). Rates for services are listed in the Application and in the applicable app store. Testbook reserves the right to modify its rates at any time and/or to offer special promotions. All payments are non-refundable. Subscription payments will auto-renew unless cancelled in accordance with the Terms of Service. If you purchased the Application through a third party platform and have a billing dispute, you must contact the respective third party platform to seek a remedy. If you purchased a subscription to our Services through our Online Services, please
Contact Us
.
Free Trial. We may provide a free trial period during which you can use all features of the Services for a limited period of time. You acknowledge and agree that your free-trial subscription will automatically renew as a paid subscription unless you cancel before the end of the trial period in accordance with the
Cancellation
section of the Terms of Service.
Automatic Renewal. Paid subscriptions to our Services are auto-renewing. You will be charged the stated subscription amount for the subscription period upon completion of your registration and submission of your payment information or, if applicable, at the end of your free trial period if you have not canceled at least 24 hours in advance of the expiration of the trial period. You hereby agree to and authorize automatic (recurring) billing, and you agree to pay the charges made to your account in connection therewith. You will be billed at the then-current applicable subscription price plus any applicable taxes. Payments for renewal subscriptions are processed using the same billing cycle as your current subscription. Subscription fees may change at any time, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law. Your subscription, and monthly billing of your account, will continue indefinitely until cancelled by you in accordance with the
Cancellation
section of the Terms of Service.
Your Representations and Warranties
You represent and warrant to Testbook that your access and use of the Service will be in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of Constitution of India and any other relevant jurisdiction, including those regarding online conduct or acceptable content, and those regarding the transmission of data or information exported from India and/or the jurisdiction in which you reside. You further represent and warrant that you have created or own any material you submit to Testbook and that you have the right to grant us a license to use that material.
Inappropriate Use
You will not upload, display or otherwise provide on or through the Service any content that: (i) is libelous, defamatory, abusive, threatening, harassing, hateful, offensive or otherwise violates any law or infringes upon the right of any third party (including copyright, trademark, privacy, publicity or other personal or proprietary rights); or (ii) in Testbook's sole judgment, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using the Service or which may expose Testbook or its users to any harm or liability of any kind.
Indemnification of Testbook
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Testbook and its directors, officers, employees, contractors, agents, suppliers, licensors, successors and assigns, from and against any and all losses, claims, causes of action, obligations, liabilities and damages whatsoever, including attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to your access or use of the Service, any false representation made to us (as part of these Terms and Conditions or otherwise), your breach of any of these Terms and Conditions,or any claim that any service we provide to you is inaccurate, inappropriate or defective in any way whatsoever.
No Representations or Warranties
The service, including all images, audio files and other content therein, and any other information, property and rights granted or provided to you by Testbook are provided to you on an "as is" basis. Testbook and its suppliers make no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to the service, either express or implied, and all such representations and warranties, including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement, are expressly disclaimed. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Testbook does not make any representation or warranty of any kind relating to accuracy, service availability, completeness, informational content, error-free operation, results to be obtained from use, or non-infringement. Access and use of the service may be unavailable during periods of peak demand, system upgrades, malfunctions or scheduled or unscheduled maintenance or for other reasons. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
Limitation on types of Damages/Limitation of Liability
In no event will Testbook be liable to you or any third party claiming through you (whether based in contract, tort, strict liability or other theory) for indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages arising out of or relating to the access or use of, or the inability to access or use, the service or any portion thereof, including but not limited to the loss of use of the service, inaccurate results, loss of profits, business interruption, or damages stemming from loss or corruption of data or data being rendered inaccurate, the cost of recovering any data, the cost of substitute services or claims by third parties for any damage to computers, software, modems, telephones or other property, even if Testbook has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Testbook's liability to you or any third party claiming through you for any cause whatsoever, and regardless of the form of the action, is limited to the amount paid, if any, by you to Testbook for the service in the 12 months prior to the initial action giving rise to liability. This is an aggregate limit. The existence of more than one claim hereunder will not increase this limit.
Termination
Testbook may terminate your access and use of the Service immediately at any time, for any reason, and at such time you will have no further right to use the Service. You may terminate your Testbook account at any time by following the instructions available through the Service. The provisions of these Terms and Conditions relating to the protection and enforcement of Testbook's proprietary rights, your representations and warranties, disclaimer of representations and warranties, release and indemnities, limitations of liability and types of damages, ownership of data and information, governing law and venue, and miscellaneous provisions shall survive any such termination.
Proprietary Rights in Service Content and Activity Data
All content available through the Service, including designs, text, graphics, images, information, software, audio, e-books,and other files, and their selection and arrangement (the "Service Content") along with printed version of e-books, are the proprietary property of Testbook or its licensors. No Service Content along with printed version of e-books may be modified, copied, distributed, framed, reproduced, republished, downloaded, scraped, displayed, posted, transmitted, or sold in any form or by any means, in whole or in part, other than as expressly permitted in these Terms and Conditions. You may not use any data mining, robots, scraping or similar data gathering or extraction methods to obtain Service Content. As between you and Testbook, all data and information generated from your access and use of the educational activities made available on or through the Service, including translated content generated by you (collectively, the "Activity Data"), shall be exclusively owned by Testbook, and you shall not have any right to use such Activity Data except as expressly authorized by these Terms and Conditions. Activity Data will not include material you submit for translation or any resulting translation. By using the Service, you hereby assign to Testbook any and all rights, title and interest, including any intellectual property rights or proprietary rights, in the Activity Data. All rights of Testbook or its licensors that are not expressly granted in these Terms and Conditions are reserved to Testbook and its licensors.
Trademarks
"Testbook" and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Service are trademarks or service marks of Testbook or their respective owners. Access and use of the Service does not grant or provide you with the right or license to reproduce or otherwise use the Testbook name or any Testbook or third-party trademarks, service marks, graphics or logos.
Privacy
Use of the Service is also governed by our Privacy Policy, a copy of which is located at http://www.testbook.com/privacy. By using the Service, you consent to the terms of the Privacy Policy.
Cancellation Policy
Cancellations will be considered only if the cancellation request is made within 24 hours of placing the order. However, the cancellation request will not be entertained if the orders have already been completed or if we have initiated the process of shipping either by ourselves or through the vendors/merchants/representatives whom we may appoint from time to time.
No cancellations are allowed for products on which Testbook marketing team has given special offers for various purposes including but not limited to special occasions like New Year, festivals, specific examination etc. These are limited validity offers and therefore cancellations are not possible.
In case you feel that the product received is not as shown on the site and/or as per your expectations, you must bring it to the notice of our customer service within 24 hours of receiving the product. The customer service team, after looking into your complaint, will make an appropriate decision.
Refund Policy
The refund is applicable for our products/services only until it’s dispatched or the login details for online access to test material etc. are disclosed/dispatched to you.
Please include your order number (sent to you via email after your order) and do tell us why you’re requesting a refund. We take customer feedback very seriously and use it to constantly improve our products and quality of service.
All refunds, if eligible, will be processed within 14 (Fourteen) business days of receiving cancellation request and mode of refund would be same through which the original transaction was done.
Notice for Claims of Copyright Violations and Agent for Notice
If you are a copyright owner and have a good faith belief that any material available through the service infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a copyright infringement notification to Testbook pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act by providing us with the following information in writing:
an electronic or physical signature of the copyright owner or the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Service, with enough detail that we may find it on the Service;
your address, telephone number, and email address;
a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
Please consult your legal counsel for further details or see Section 51 of The Copyright Act, 1957. Testbook's Agent for Notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows: By email:
Governing Law and Arbitration
These Terms and Conditions, its subject matter and Testbook's and your respective rights under these Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of India and you agree that the courts of Mumbai will have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute (contractual or non-contractual) concerning these terms.
Miscellaneous
These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between Testbook and you concerning the subject matter hereof. In the event that any of the Terms and Conditions are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these Terms and Conditions shall otherwise remain in full force and effect. A waiver by Testbook or you of any provision of these Terms and Conditions or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. Testbook may assign its rights or obligations under these Terms and Conditions without condition. These Terms and Conditions will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of Testbook and you, and Testbook's and your respective successors and permitted assigns.
2) Privacy
General
By using, accessing or participating in the Service, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy"). Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meanings set forth in the Terms and Conditions, located
here
. We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy at any time. If we do this, we will post a notice that we have made changes to this Privacy Policy on the Website for at least 7 days after the changes are posted and will indicate at the bottom of the Privacy Policy the date these terms were last revised. Any revisions to this Privacy Policy will become effective the earlier of (i) the end of the foregoing 7-day period or (ii) the first time you access or use the Service after any such changes. If you do not agree to abide by this Privacy Policy, you are not authorized to use, access or participate in the Service.
Information We Collect
Testbook Application uploads your Phone Number on it's API servers to https://api.testbook.com to help map your account and mobile number.
When you use the Service you provide us with two types of information: (i) information you submit via the Service and (ii) information regarding your use of the Service collected by us as you interact with the Service.
When you enter the Website, we collect your browser type and IP address. This information is gathered for all Website visitors. In addition, we store certain information from your browser using "cookies." A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. We use session ID cookies to confirm that users are logged in. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, you should note that cookies may be necessary to provide you certain features (e.g., customized delivery of information) available on the Website.
Through the registration process you may provide us with your name, mobile number, email address, hometown, and other information that may be requested during the registration process. When you use the Service you may submit information and content to your profile, generate Activity Data through engaging in educational activities on the Service, or send messages and otherwise transmit information to other users. We store this information so that we can provide you the Service and offer personalized features.
Use Of Information Obtained by Testbook
We may use your contact information to send you notifications regarding new services offered by Testbook and its partners that we think you may find valuable. Testbook may also send you service-related announcements from time to time through the general operation of the Service. Generally, you may opt out of such emails, although Testbook reserves the right to send you notices about your account even if you opt out of all voluntary email notifications.
Profile information is used by Testbook primarily to be presented back to and edited by you when you access the Service and to be presented to other users. In some cases, other users may be able to supplement your profile, including by submitting comments.
Testbook may use aggregate or anonymous data collected through the Service, including Activity Data, for any purpose. This data may be used by Testbook and shared with third parties in any manner.
Users can request deletion of their data by sending an email to
[email protected]
Sharing Your Personally-Identifiable Information with Third Parties
Testbook shares your personally-identifiable information only in limited circumstances where Testbook believes such sharing is reasonably necessary to offer the Service, legally required or, permitted by you.
For example:
We may provide personally-identifiable information to service providers who help us bring you the Service, such as hosting the Service at a co-location facility or sending email updates. In connection with these operations, our service providers may have access to personally-identifiable information for use for a limited time. Where we utilize service providers for the processing of any of personally-identifiable information, we implement reasonable contractual protections limiting the use of that personally-identifiable information to the provision of services to Testbook.
Notwithstanding anything else in this policy, we may work with partners who use mobile SDKs, including the OneSignal Messaging SDK, to passively collect information (collectively, “SDK Information”), which generally helps us deliver personalized notifications. This data may also be used to identify you in a unique manner across other devices or browsers for the purposes of customizing ads or content. Depending on the permissions granted to this application, this information may include personally identifiable information (PII) including your e-mail address. This information may also include precise location (i.e. GPS-level data) or WiFi information, apps you have installed and enabled, and your mobile identifier (e.g., Android Advertising ID).
Consumer Control & Opt-Out Options
Opting-out of OneSignal Push Notifications - You may in most cases opt out of receiving push notifications by going to your device “Settings” and clicking on “Notifications,” and then changing those settings for some or all of the apps on your device. (Different device configurations, or updates to devices, may affect or change how these settings work.)
Opting Out of “Cross-App” Advertising on Mobile Devices - You can opt out of having your mobile advertising identifiers used for certain types of interest-based (also called “cross-app”) mobile behavioral advertising, by accessing the “settings” on your Apple or Android mobile device, as follows: By opening the Google Settings app on your device, selecting Ads, and then selecting the option to opt-out of interest-based ads. (Different device configurations, or updates to devices, may affect or change how these settings work.)
We may be required to disclose personally-identifiable information pursuant to lawful requests, such as subpoenas or court orders, or in compliance with applicable laws. Additionally, we may share account or other personally-identifiable information when we believe it is necessary to comply with law, to protect our interests or property, to prevent fraud or other illegal activity perpetrated through the Service or using the Testbook name, or to prevent imminent harm. This may include sharing personally-identifiable information with other companies, lawyers, agents or government agencies.
If the ownership of all or substantially all of the Testbook business, or individual business units or assets owned by Testbook that are related to the Service, were to change, your personally-identifiable information may be transferred to the new owner. In any such transfer of information, your personally-identifiable information would remain subject to this section.
Use of Intercom Services:
We use third-party analytics services to help understand your usage of our services. In particular, we provide a limited amount of your information (such as sign-up date and some personal information like your mobile number, email address) to Intercom, Inc. ("Intercom") and utilize Intercom to collect data for analytics purposes when you visit our website or use our product. As a data processor acting on our behalf, Intercom analyzes your use of our website and/or product and tracks our relationship by way of cookies and similar technologies so that we can improve our service to you.
We may also use Intercom as a medium for communications, either through email, or through messages within our product(s). The Intercom Messenger Apps and Apps in Inbox products may also provide you with access to other third party applications such as Stripe. You should consult these third parties' privacy notices for further information on their use of your personal data. As part of our service agreements, Intercom collects publicly available contact and social information related to you, such as your mobile number, email address, gender, company, job title, photos, website URLs, social network handles and physical addresses, to enhance your user experience
Links
The Service may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. We encourage users to be aware when they leave the Service to read the privacy statements of other websites that collect personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Testbook via the Service. We may also integrate with third parties who will interact with you under their terms of service. One such third party is YouTube and by using the Sites or Services, you agree to be bound by the YouTube Terms of Service located
here
and also by the privacy policies of Google located
here
We use YouTube APIs to show you the video views count and Embed YouTube videos on Free Videos page
We are an independent Ed-Tech Company involved in offering exam preparation services, wherein exam aspirants can prepare for various Union & State Government exams. However, we categorically state that we do not represent any Central/State Govt department or any other private organisations as such.
FAQs
Privacy Policies
Terms & Conditions
Contact
[email protected]
Social
© Testbook
© 2025 All Rights Reserved