Legal Notices
Any trademarks that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Texas.gov. 

Read more about legal notices
Any trademarks that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Texas.gov. 

If you believe that any material contained on the Texas.gov site (the "Site") infringes your copyright or other intellectual property rights, you may notify Texas.gov of your copyright infringement claim in accordance with the following procedure. Texas.gov will process notices of alleged infringement which it receives, and may take action as authorized by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and/or other applicable intellectual property laws if it has the ability to do so. The DMCA requires that notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to this Site's Designated Agent. 

To be effective, the notification must be in writing and contain the following information (DMCA, 17 U.S.C. 512(c)(3)): 

Physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; 

Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site; 

Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or claimed to be the subject of infringing activity and that is sought to be removed or access to which is sought to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the location of the material; 

Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted; 

A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and 

A statement, made under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. 

Please note: The State of Texas (and its licensors and contractors) disclaims any express or implied warranty in providing its computer system and any materials, information, graphics, products, or processes contained therein for public use. Neither the State of Texas nor any of its licensors or contractors makes any warranty, express or implied, nor assumes any responsibility in the use of any service or content available on or through the site or its accuracy, completeness, currency, its use for any general or particular purpose, nor that such items or use of such items would not violate or infringe rights of others. The services and content are provided on a strictly "as is" basis. 

The State of Texas (and its licensors and contractors) specifically disclaims any and all liability for any claims or damages that may result from providing the Texas.gov web site or the information it contains, including any web sites maintained by third parties that link to the Texas.gov site. Texas.gov may provide links to external web sites if it is determined that they may be of interest to users. Texas.gov neither endorses the content, products, services, or viewpoints expressed by the linked sites, nor assumes any responsibility for the content of these linked web sites. Texas.gov makes no effort to independently verify, and does not exert editorial control over, information on pages outside of the Texas.gov domains. 

Reference herein to any specific commercial products, process or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the State of Texas, and shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes. 

Texas.gov is provided for public use on computer systems located within the State of Texas and for the use and benefit of citizens of Texas. Any person choosing to use this system or seeking access to information or materials on this system is subject to Texas jurisdiction. Any dispute arising therefrom shall be decided under the laws and in the courts in Texas. 