User Policies | The Independent
Stay up to date with notifications from The Independent
Notifications can be managed in browser preferences.
Not now
Yes please
Terms of use
Welcome to independent.co.uk.
These terms of use apply whether you are a registered user of or just a visitor to independent.co.uk or its associated apps and websites (all of which sites are known collectively and/or individually in these Terms as the "Website").
By accessing the Website (which includes browsing and any use, with any device or by any means) you are agreeing to be legally bound by these terms.
Independent.co.uk may make changes to any part of the Website and may add to or change these Terms. All changes become effective as soon as they are posted. It is your responsibility to refer to the Terms whenever you access the Website.
We will not be liable if for any reason this Website is unavailable at any time or for any period.
From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of this Website, or this entire Website, to users who have registered with us.
Other policies to read before using the website
Before using the Website please read our User Commitment, Privacy policy, Cookie policy and Community Guidelines and do let us know in the manner set out in any Policy if you do not want us to collect information about you, and to reject any cookies in the recommended way.
Related links
Privacy Policy
Cookie Notice
Code of Conduct
Complaint Form
Contact Us
External Contributors Policy
Community Guidelines
Competition Ts & Cs
User Commitment
Who owns the website?
The Website is owned and operated by Independent Digital News and Media Ltd. It is registered in England and Wales under company number 07320345, whose registered office is at Alphabeta Building, 14-18 Finsbury Square, London, EC2A 1AH, United Kingdom, VAT number 995518073. In these terms we refer to Independent Digital News and Media Ltd as ‘Independent.co.uk’.
Independent.co.uk reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access to the Website at any time, with or without notice or explanation, if we believe you are violating the Terms in any way.
Rights of use
All intellectual property rights, including copyright, in the content accessible (or available for download) on the Website, including text, pictures, graphics, video, audio material, software or any other form (Content) belong to Independent.co.uk or its licensors. All rights are hereby reserved.
Your promise to us
The Website and the Content may only be used for your personal, non-commercial use.
For this purpose alone you may retrieve and display the Content on a computer screen. You may also print out, but not photocopy, one copy of individual files on paper and store files in electronic form on disc, but not on any server or any other storage device connected to a network where the Content could be accessed by other users.
Except as set out above, you agree not to download, copy, reproduce, modify, store, archive, show in public, redistribute or commercially exploit in any way any part of the Content without the prior written permission of Independent.co.uk. You agree not to use the Content or the Website for any illegal or improper purpose, nor for any purpose which might infringe the rights of others, or which might harass or cause inconvenience of distress to any person.
You also agree to abide by all copyright notices and restrictions attached to the Content and not to remove any such notice or restriction, or alter the Content in any way.
If you wish to re-publish, re-distribute or exploit the Content in any way you should address a request for permission to Independent.co.uk Syndication using the below details:
E-mail:
syndication@independent.co.uk
Telephone: +44 (0)20 3615 2272 (text and video);
Telephone: +44 (0)20 3615 2277 (pictures)
Independent.co.uk cannot guarantee that any such permission would be forthcoming or on what terms.
By registering with us you promise to;
Open a single account in your own name
Use an appropriate username.   You must not seek to pass yourself off as someone else or pick a username which is offensive, defamatory or otherwise likely to be deemed by us to be unacceptable
Keep your login details and password secret
Provide us with your true and accurate year of birth
Let us know if you suspect any unauthorised use of your account
What should I know about being a registered user?
You will be able to access your registered details with your email address and password.
You will be able to keep your information up to date by logging in and updating your profile.
If you want to terminate your account, please contact our
customer service portal
.
We may suspend terminate or prevent your registration at our sole discretion. This may be because, for example, we consider that you have breached or will breach these Terms or our community guidelines or someone has reported abuse.
Where we suspend, terminate or prevent your registration, you must not attempt to re-register or submit content (e.g. using someone else's registration), without our permission. The period of any suspension depends on all the circumstances.
What should I know about how you use my personal data?
Please see our Privacy policy and Cookie policy which explain what information we collect about you and how we use this. Our viewer commitment also sets out how we will use your personal information in a transparent manner and make sure that you are always comfortable with what we are doing in this regard.
Links from other sites
Third parties are permitted to link to stories within the Website, using the URL and quoting the headline and the source website. Content must not be reproduced on a third party site without express authorisation from us.
A third party must ensure that nothing on its own web site suggests or could be understood to imply that any part of the Website is part of its own website unless the third party has obtained the prior written approval of Independent.co.uk.
Independent.co.uk reserves the right to withdraw any permission without explanation or notice if in its sole judgement use of such links is excessive or inappropriate. Independent.co.uk also reserves the right to change the location and nature of files within the Website without explanation or notice; it is the responsibility of the third party to check and update links.
Third parties must not deep-link to, or frame or use other techniques to enclose any part of the Website.
Trademarks and Intellectual Property
The Independent.co.uk logo is a registered trade mark of Independent.co.uk or otherwise part of its intellectual property. You may not use this mark without the prior written permission of Independent.co.uk.
Limitation of liability and indemnity
Independent.co.uk obtains content from a wide range of sources and this content includes facts, views, opinions and information which may be of interest to users of the Website.
While all reasonable care is taken, we do not warrant the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, performance or fitness for any particular purpose of the content on the Website, nor do we endorse or accept any responsibility for any views, advice, recommendations or opinions expressed on the Website or any website to which we link. You should note that any contact or arrangements made between you and any third party named on the Website or any third party website linked from it (including without limitation any website with which we have a commercial association) is at your own risk, and to the extent permitted by law Independent.co.uk excludes all liability.
The content on the Website should only be used for your general information and use and not by way of specific recommendation or advice.
Before taking any action or decision based in whole or in part on our content, you should always make your own independent checks of any information that is important in making such decision or taking such action. You should also seek professional advice in appropriate circumstances such as on medical, investment, tax, financial, legal and other professional matters.
Independent.co.uk does not give any warranties in respect of the content on the Website, freedom from viruses or other contamination, or that the Website is compatible with any computer systems, software and browsers.
All implied warranties or duties are excluded save if and to the extent that they may not lawfully be excluded.
Independent.co.uk is not regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the content on the Website has not been approved under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. Appropriate expert advice should be obtained before making any investment or other decisions.
Advertising or promotional material submitted by third party advertisers, sponsors or promoters is viewable on the Website. The advertisers are solely responsible for that material, including ensuring that it complies with all applicable legislation and regulations. Independent.co.uk is not responsible for such material.
Independent.co.uk shall not be liable for any claims, losses, injuries, penalties, damages, costs or expenses arising from the use of, or inability to use the Website or content on it or from any action taken, or omitted to be taken, as a result of using the Website or its content, other than death or personal injury resulting from use of the Website directly caused by the negligence of Independent.co.uk.
Independent.co.uk excludes liability to you and/or any third party for any consequential or incidental damages (including but not limited to lost profits, loss of privacy or for failure to fulfil any duty) or for any other indirect, special or punitive damages whatsoever that arise out of or are related to the use of the Website or its content or to any breach of the terms by Independent.co.uk, even if Independent.co.uk has been advised of the possibility of such damages and even in the event of fault or strict liability.
You agree that, subject to the forgoing terms of this Term, your exclusive remedy and only recovery for any damage you incur, shall be limited to the direct damages (if any) you actually incur in reasonable and exclusive reliance on the Website or it content, and for which we may be held liable by a competent court, of up to a limit of the refund of the amount you paid (if any) in relation to the particular use of the content on the Website in total during the month in which the damage first incurred.
You agree to indemnify Independent.co.uk against all costs, claims, proceedings, demands, losses, damages, expenses or liability whatsoever arising directly or indirectly as a result of any breach of the Terms by you and any negligence or breach of duty by you.
Links to third party sites
This Website contains links to other web sites operated by parties who are wholly separate from Independent.co.uk. Links to all third party sites are identifiable because clicking on them will launch new browser windows displaying the third party's website URLs, or are otherwise indicated as such by Independent.co.uk. Such links are provided for your convenience and reference only and you access them at your own risk. Independent.co.uk cannot be held responsible in any way for the content, operation or availability of such websites.
This Website is a participant in the Amazon EU Associates Programme, an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.co.uk/Javari.co.uk/Local.Amazon.co.uk/Amazon.de/Amazon.com/Amazon.es/Amazon.it/Amazon.ca.
Co-branded sites
In addition to the provisions of the previous Term, some third party sites to which links are provided are "co-branded" sites which are operated by third parties with whom Independent.co.uk has a commercial association, including sites by means of which you can make payment for use of the Website or associated services. If you wish to make any purchases or enter any financial dealings on a co-branded site, you will be entering a contract with the relevant third party operator who will ask you to supply information about yourself and on your financial affairs, including your bank or credit card details. The third party operator will have their own terms and conditions and privacy policy and it is up to you to indicate your consent or otherwise to the use that the third party proposes to make of your personal data. While we select our trading partners with care, Independent.co.uk cannot be held liable for any loss or damage whatsoever which you may suffer as a result of your decision to enter any dealings or transactions with, or supply personal information to, a trading partner or any third party.
Competitions, prize draws and promotions
Independent.co.uk may on occasion run competitions or prize draws either on its own behalf, for other parties or in conjunction with commercial partners. These will be subject to additional rules and conditions which will be made available at the time of any such competition. For more information see Competition terms and conditions.
Your content – what we can do
Please read the contributor terms as by submitting material for potential publication on the Website you agree to be legally bound by those terms which will take effect immediately. If you do not agree to be legally bound by those terms please do not contribute to the Website or offer material for publication.
English Law
By accessing the Website you agree to accept that these Terms are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England. You also accept the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts in relation to any dispute that may arise in connection with these Terms or your use of the Website or arising in any way from the content on the Website.
Thank you for registering
Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged in
Please refresh your browser to be logged in