Terms and Conditions | The US Sun
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to our terms. Our terms are designed to provide you with a guideline as to how all aspects of our services are accessed and how you can and should interact with our services.
Summary
Part 1 – Terms of Use
Part 2 – Community Guidelines
Part 3 – Privacy and Cookie Policy
Part 4 – Sun Membership
Part 1—Terms of Use
Introduction
Our services are provided by and maintained by us for your personal entertainment, information and communication.
The services offered by us include features, content, applications, competitions, prize draws and/or other promotions.
By using these services, you may need to download software and/or content and/or agree to additional terms. For example, if you wish to access Dream Team, you may be required to comply with these terms of use and accept additional terms and conditions before you can access and use these services.
Your agreement with us includes these terms of use and in addition our:
Community Guidelines
, which set out our approach to community interaction and how we moderate your content, such as comments made in relation to our articles; and
Privacy Policy & Cookie Policy,
which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us and information about how your use of our services is monitored so that we are able to improve your user experience. By using our services, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Accessing our services
Modifications
We may, at our discretion change, remove, suspend or discontinue any aspect of our services at any time including the availability of any content (e.g. a community forum may be withdrawn). Whilst we will do our best to make all content available to all users of our services, some content may not be available to users from all countries.
Using our services
Our content and services
Our content, trademarks, copyright, patents, logos, domain names and other related intellectual property rights or other features of our brand belong to us or to our licensors. Your use of our services does not grant you any rights in our, and/or our licensors’, intellectual property whether for commercial or non-commercial use.
We grant our users a limited licence to access and use our services and intellectual property rights (subject to your ability to access our services as set out above) and to the following usage restrictions:
you may use our services for personal, private and non-commercial purposes only;
you must not register multiple email addresses;
you must not use, share, or otherwise exploit the services, or any content appearing on the services, for any commercial, business, or monetised purpose (this does not apply to any user content posted by you and in which you retain ownership rights, see paragraph on user generated content below), or for any other purpose not expressly permitted by these terms;
you must abide by any exclusionary protocols (e.g. Robots.txt) that may be used in connection with the services. You may not access parts of the services to which you are not authorized or attempt to circumvent any restrictions imposed on your use of or access to the services; and
you must not:
use the services in any way that is unlawful, improper, or fraudulent; that is defamatory, threatening, abusive, pornographic, objectionable; or which advocates bigotry, hatred, or discrimination;
reproduce, duplicate, publish, copy, share, or re-sell any part of the services;
extract any data or metadata from the services or any content on/available via the services (including by means of so-called “scraping”);
use any content, data or information (including associated metadata) from the services for any machine learning or artificial intelligence (AI) purposes, including, but not limited to, developing, building, training, fine tuning, or grounding or otherwise utilizing in any large language models (LLMs), machine learning tools, or generative AI systems;
alter, delete or conceal any copyright, trademark, service mark or other notices contained within our content or services;
use the services in a way that could damage, disable, overburden, impair or compromise our systems or security or interfere with other users;
circumvent any digital rights management software or geo-blocking software (including by the use of a VPN or other similar technologies to mask your location);
incorporate the services into another service or website;
transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of the services; or
access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt (a) any part of the services; (b) any equipment or network on which the services is stored; (c) any software used in the provision of the services; or (d) any equipment, network or software owned or used by any third party.
You acknowledge that in using our services we and our third party affiliates may provide advertising and other information to you.
Third Party Content
Third party content included as part of our services, is licensed to you either under these terms of use or through such third party terms and conditions that will be made known to you as and when they become relevant.
The services may contain third-party owned content and links to other websites (“Linked Sites”). The Sun does not endorse, sponsor, recommend, or otherwise accept responsibility for any Linked Sites. In addition, Linked Sites are not under the control of The Sun, and we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of the Linked Sites.
Costs of using our services and account registration
We provide our users with a variety of services. To benefit fully from our services, we may occasionally require you to create an account, download our content, and/or call our service providers. If there are charges associated to any of these services, we will make it clear before you incur any such charges and you will be responsible for any charges incurred from that point on. If you create an account with us, you represent that you will provide accurate and up-to-date registration information. You may not share your account credentials with anyone else. You are responsible for all activity under your account. We may cancel or suspend your access to the services if you violate this section.
Changes to our terms
At any time, we may amend these terms of use to ensure that we remain compliant with relevant laws and regulations and to ensure that we are constantly improving your experience in using our services, so please ensure that you check our terms of use frequently. By continuing to use our services after any changes are made, you are accepting those changes and will be bound by them. If we make any important changes to our terms of use, we will notify you and make it clear what important changes have been made.
User generated content
Users of our services may submit, post and/or upload content (including comments and pictures) to various parts of our services. In posting your content on our services, you confirm to us that you are the owner or have the consent from the owner to post the content and it does not violate the privacy rights, copyright and other intellectual property rights, contract rights or any other rights of any person.
By submitting content, you grant us a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free and fully sub-licensable right and licence to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such content that you post (in whole or part) and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media or technology, and you waive any moral rights you may have in, or to be identified as the author, of such content.
You also warrant that you have read and agree to our Community Guidelines which are incorporated in these terms of use and govern all interactions with us.
We do not endorse your content, or the content of journalists employed by us. We do not guarantee the accuracy or authority of your content. We reserve the right to remove your content, at any time and for any reason, in accordance with our Community Guidelines.
Images of children are strictly regulated on our service. We allow them but must ensure that they comply with strict guidelines, including that they should not be sexualised in any way, and that they are posted by the child’s immediate family. In many cases we find that parents or relatives upload pictures of their children in good faith, unaware that these might be copied and misused, or that there are privacy issues around their use on the internet. We remove them in the best interest of the child, and to protect the parents. Unfortunately, we can’t always tell for sure if a picture is that of a minor and, when in doubt, we’d rather err on the side of caution.
If you believe that your rights have been infringed in relation to your content or that your content posted by other users is in breach of these above rules, please read the following section on how to report such issues to us.
Reporting User Generate Content
If you come across user generated content on our website or services that goes against any of our terms or our Community Guidelines, you can report it to us, as follows: (a) for claimed infringement of  copyright, by submitting a Take Down Notice , as described in the next section below, or (b) for all other violations of our terms or Community Guidelines, by either: (i) emailing
info@the-sun.com
with the details of your complaint, or (ii) for comments, following the “report a comment” procedure set forth in our Community Guidelines.
We also have the right (but not the obligation) to review any content, and to delete, take down or remove any content that we determine, in our sole discretion, (a) does not comply with these terms; (b) might violate any laws or infringe upon any rights of third parties; (c) might adversely affect our reputation or goodwill; or (d) should be taken down for any other reason determined at our discretion. In appropriate circumstances, we will disable or terminate accounts of users who are repeat infringers.
Any content which is deleted by us will no longer be available to you. Deleted content may be stored by us in order to comply with certain legal obligations and in such circumstances may not be retrievable without a valid court order.
We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of this policy. The responses described in this policy are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate in respect of any content which we determine is in breach of this policy.
Take Down Notice for user generated content you believe infringes copyright
If you believe that any user generated content on our websites or services infringes upon any copyright, you may request that such user generated content be removed from the websites or services by
sending a “Take Down Notice” to our copyright agent, who can be reached at:
Name:
DMCA Agent
Mailing Address
News Enterprises, Inc
, 1211 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10036
Email address:
DMCA@the-sun.com
Phone number:
+1 332 456 2570
When submitting a Take Down Notice, please include the following information:
Your  full legal name, address, telephone number,  email address and all other information sufficient for us to contact you.
A description of the copyrighted material that you claim has been infringed.
A description of the user generated content  you claim is infringing and where it is located on our sites or services. The easiest way to do this is by providing a web address or URL leading directly to the allegedly infringing content.
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the use you are complaining about is not authorised by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement by you, made  under penalty of perjury, that (a) the information in your Take Down Notice  is accurate, and (b) that you are the owner of the copyrighted material involved or that you are authorized to act on behalf of that owner.
A physical or electronic signature of the person who is the owner of the copyrighted material or who is authorized to act on behalf of that owner.
Upon receipt of a Take Down Notice we may take whatever action, in our sole discretion, we deem appropriate, in accordance with applicable law (including with the safe harbor provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA)). PLEASE BE ADVISED THAT WE WILL TERMINATE USERS OF OUR SITES AND SERVICES WHO REPEATEDLY INFRINGE THE COPYRIGHTS OF OTHERS.
Disclaimer
We will always aim to provide you with the best service we can, but our service is provided “as is” and we do not and cannot promise that all of the information we provide will always be 100% accurate.
Whilst we take every care to ensure that all information is accurate and complete, some of it is supplied to us by our third party partners. We have no control over third party content and we are unable to guarantee the accuracy of such third party content. Before relying on any information, whether it is from us or from our third party partners, we advise you to verify the accuracy of such information.
Although we will do our best to ensure that our service is fully operational at all times, we are not responsible for any problems or temporary interruptions in using our services arising from factors outside of our control (e.g. technical problems from traffic congestion on the internet) or for any problems arising from participating in or from downloading third party content. If you rely on the materials made available through the services, you do so solely at your own risk.
Under no circumstances shall we be responsible for any loss or damage resulting from use of our services, relying on our content or from any content posted on or through our services.
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN, THE SUN DISCLAIMS TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ANY AND ALL (A) WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, (B) WARRANTIES AGAINST INFRINGEMENT OF ANY THIRD-PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR PROPRIETARY RIGHTS, (C) WARRANTIES RELATING TO THE TRANSMISSION OR DELIVERY OF THE SERVICE, (D) WARRANTIES RELATING TO THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, CORRECTNESS, TIMELINESS OR COMPLETENESS OF DATA MADE AVAILABLE ON THE SERVICES OR OTHERWISE BY THE SUN, INCLUDING ANY ADVICE, OPINION, STATEMENT, OR OTHER MATERIAL OR DATABASE DISPLAYED, UPLOADED OR DISTRIBUTED IN THE SERVICES OR AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES, AND WARRANTIES OTHERWISE RELATING TO PERFORMANCE, NONPERFORMANCE, OR OTHER ACTS OR OMISSIONS BY THE SUN OR ANY THIRD PARTY. FURTHER, THERE IS NO WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR NEEDS OR REQUIREMENTS OR THE NEEDS OR REQUIREMENTS OF ANY OTHER PERSON.
THE SUN MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED (A) THAT THE INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICES WILL BE FREE FROM ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DEFECT, OR DELAY IN OPERATION, OR FROM TECHNICAL INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS, (B) THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION (C) THAT DEFECTS OR ERRORS IN THE SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED, OR (D) THAT THE CONTENT ON THE SERVICES ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. ANY INFORMATION ON THE SERVICES IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE, AND THE SUN DISCLAIMS ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE SERVICES. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO CORRECT ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE SERVICES.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless us and our parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and their owners, directors, officers, managers, employees, shareholders, agents, and licensors, from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of the terms, including the Community Guidelines, or the failure to fulfill any obligations relating to your account incurred by you or any other person using your account. We reserve the right to take over the exclusive defense of any claim for which we are entitled to indemnification under this section. In such event, you shall provide us with such cooperation as is reasonably requested by us.
Limitation of our liability to you
IN NO EVENT WILL THE SUN OR ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SERVICES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS, USE, MISUSE, OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR ANY LINKED SITES, OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, ERROR, TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS, OR LINE OR SYSTEM FAILURE. BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, THE SUN’S LIABILITY IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
The law that governs our services
These terms of use and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them (including non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, excluding its laws for determining choice-of-law,  and will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts in New York City.
Any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the website, services, or these terms must be filed within one year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. Any such claim will be compensable by monetary damages, and you will in no event be entitled to injunctive or other equitable relief. You also hereby expressly waive any right to resort to any form of class action.
Other information
In these terms of use the following words and expressions will have the following meanings:
Our content means any text, files, images, photos, graphics, video, sounds, musical works, or any other materials that we post on or through our services.
Third party content any text, files, images, photos, graphics, video, sounds, musical works, or any other materials posted on or through our services by our third party partners.
Us, our, we means The Sun US of News Enterprises, Inc. (EIN 30-1210556) with registered address The Corporation Trust Company, Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, DE 19801. , the holding company of News Enterprises, Inc. and any subsidiary from time to time of News Enterprises, Inc. or its holding company.
Your content means any text, files, images, graphics, photos, video, sounds, musical works, or any other materials that a user posts on or through our services.
Part 2 – Community Guidelines
In addition to the terms and conditions set out above, you agree to use the services in accordance with our Community Guidelines that we specify in relation to a service. All such Community Guidelines shall form part of our terms of use.
Please contact us at
info@the-sun.com
with any questions regarding these Guidelines or our terms of use.
You must be 18 or over to use our services. If you are under 18, please stop using our service.
These Community Guidelines are here to help users understand what is considered to be acceptable content on the website. The rules set out below aim to ensure that users engage with mutual respect, whilst encouraging open discussion.
Our service is all about you – our readers. We want to engage you and hear your views, and we ask for your participation and vigilance.
If you believe that any content on the websites or services, including comments or anything posted by another reader, infringes upon any intellectual property right, is offensive or inappropriate, violates any laws, or otherwise goes against these terms (including the Community Guidelines set forth below) you may contact us to request that that content be removed from the websites or services at the following address
info@the-sun.com
.
These Guidelines are applicable to all users and therefore should be read before posting a comment.
Community Guidelines
The Sun welcomes and encourages all readers to comment and share their opinion. However, certain comments will not be tolerated if they are not legal or do not add an interesting opinion, value, positivity, knowledge or constructive conversation.
Comments that will not be tolerated and will be deleted without notice at our sole discretion include those that contain:
Crude language including swear words and sexually explicit language
Threatening, abusive or offensive language
Racist language
Language that offends any part of the LGBT community
Sexist language
Content in any other language but English
Content that preaches, encourages or incites religious or ethnic hatred
Content that links to websites that promote the above
Knowingly false or misleading content
Defamatory language and defamatory comments about others
Content that will not be tolerated also includes:
Personal information – yours or someone else’s
Spam – the same content posted over and over either on the same article or across different articles
All external URLS linking to other content including:
URLs and content that may be unsafe or contain material that such as viruses, files, programmes and code designed to corrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment connected to The Sun
Advertising/sponsorship/external URLs for any commercial purpose
All comments with images
Petitions or solicitations for donations for campaigns
Content that may prejudice both pending and on-going court proceedings
Content that breaks the law or condones, encourages or provides instructions for illegal or otherwise harmful activities
Copyright infringements or content that infringes other intellectual property rights
The publishing of “spoilers” that includes plot developments that have not been transmitted on UK or US television (whether freeview, cable, satellite or on online services) unless it’s on a designated “spoilers” article
In some cases, we may have to remove an entire segment of content, including messages that do not breach our terms, if it is part of a topic or conversation that was in breach of our guidelines or no longer make sense without a deleted comment. For example, if we remove a racist comment, the responses will no longer be relevant and will be removed.
Banning users
The Sun reserves the right to permanently ban any account at our own sole discretion.
Users who are persistent in posting untolerated content within their comments, according to our judgement, may have their accounts banned. This means that a user will find they are unable to comment on The Sun on any article across the website.
Moderators may be forced to ban users as a result of the below actions:
Posting content in breach of these Community Guidelines on the website – even if posted once
Continuously attempting to re-post comments that have been previously moderated and deleted
Posting continuous argumentative and/or off topic comments – The Sun encourages healthy debate but in a positive way (see
Tips for Comments
)
Posting comments that harass, threaten or attack anyone or otherwise behave in any way that would cause annoyance or distress to others
Posting content that is repeatedly abusive towards The Sun’s moderation team – while we accept there may be criticism of our journalism, repeated personal attacks and abuse will not be tolerated
Using offensive or inappropriate screen names
Gaining unauthorised access to The Sun website, user accounts, computer system or networks connected to The Sun website
Impersonating another person, whether a friend, family member, celebrity, moderator, another user of our services or an employee of any member of the News UK Group
Registering or submitting content if you have been banned (for example with someone else’s account) without permission
These rules are there to protect other users of The Sun and improve the community that we are so proud of. By virtue of this, we ask that you post responsibly without violating the above terms.
You can help us maintain a positive and constructive conversation by flagging comments as set out below (see
How to report a comment
) that you believe to be in violation or are offensive. These will be added to our moderation queue to review along with other comments picked by our system for potentially flouting our Community Guidelines.
Tips for comments
The Sun is invested in creating a valuable forum and a place for individuals to read and share their opinions. Below we have set out some suggestions as to how to write an effective comment that won’t be moderated:
Stay on the main topic of discussion
Avoid Caps Lock – it can look like you are shouting and sometimes have a negative impact on the way your comment is perceived
Be open-minded about other people’s opinions and views – although you don’t have to agree with everyone, insulting or mocking their opinion is not acceptable
Engage with other users appropriately – be respectful and polite to other users on the site
Use the Like and Dislike features – this is a good way of communicating you agree or disagree without being argumentative
Ask thoughtful questions
Respond to Community Questions at the top of articles and Sun staff comments
Double check your message before you post it – you will be allowed to edit it for a short amount of time
In following these tips along with adhering to all of the Community Guidelines, it is very unlikely your comment will be moderated.
How to report a comment
If you see a comment that you think is a violation of the Community Guidelines, here are the steps to take in order to report it:
See the ‘flag’ icon next to the comment you want to report
Press it and you will be given the option to Report Post
You will notice that the comment will temporarily disappear from view which means it has been delivered to The Sun’s moderation system to be checked. N.B The comment will still be visible to readers on the site unless it is later rejected by The Sun’s moderation team
Reporting content that is genuinely hurtful/harmful/offensive is a positive action and we appreciate users who flag such comments. It is anonymous to other users and this information will be strictly confidential.
However, reporting comments that are not legitimate violations can impact how efficiently we are able to remove the actual violations. Disagreement with someone’s views is not a reason to report them.
Moderation
When we receive your complaint, we will evaluate it and decide on the most suitable action. Rest assured that all complaints will be checked promptly and professionally.
We may amend these Guidelines or any of our terms to ensure we remain compliant with relevant laws and regulations and that we are constantly improving your use of our services.
Part 3 – Privacy and cookie policy
For details of how we will process your personal information, please visit
http://www.newsprivacy.co.uk
.
Part 4 – Sun Membership
All readers are free to access:
The Sun website (the-sun.com)
The Sun Mobile app
The following products or services are not included in The Sun’s free offering and require you to accept additional membership terms:
The Sun ePaper App for tablet. For membership terms, please see below.
The Sun Newspaper App membership terms
This Sun Newspaper App is an ePaper meaning that you can download the entire print edition of The Sun seven days a week for offline reading, so you can enjoy the fun of The Sun wherever you are.
There are two ways to subscribe to the Sun Newspaper App:
Directly online via our website thesun.co.uk/join (Apple and Android devices); and
Via your iOS device on Apple’s iTunes App Store (Apple devices only).
Different terms will apply depending on your chosen subscription method.
Direct subscriptions with The Sun
If you have subscribed to the Sun Newspaper App online via our website, your subscription will be subject to the following membership terms.
How long is my membership?
If you are a monthly billing member, your minimum contract term will be 1 month from your membership start date.
If you are a member through a trial offer, your membership will be for the initial trial offer period and following that trial offer period, you will be placed on a rolling monthly contract (which means that you will pay for your membership on a month by month basis unless you cancel).
What does my membership cost?
The cost of your membership will be made clear to you on our sign-up pages and in your welcome email and may vary from time to time or by country. You agree to pay the fees at the rates notified to you at the time you purchase one of our membership packs.
If you choose to be a member through a trial offer, your trial offer will cost you the trial price offered. At the end of your stated trial period, your membership will automatically continue on a rolling monthly basis at the rate notified to you at the time of purchase.
Payment can be made using all major credit or debit cards and via PayPal. Where relevant, currency conversion values may fluctuate and conversion fees may be charged by your bank. By submitting payment details to us, you promise represent to us that you are entitled to purchase a membership pack using those payment details and that you will keep such details up-to-date and accurate.
We reserve the right to change the weekly/monthly membership price and/or benefits with 30 days’ notice and affected members may terminate their membership within this notice period. You acknowledge that the amount charged each billing period may vary for reasons that may include price changes, changing your subscription, or changes in applicable taxes or currencies, and you authorize us to charge your payment method for such varying amount each billing period. If your payment method is declined for a recurring payment of your subscription fee, you have four (4) days to provide us a new payment method or your subscription will be canceled.
How can I cancel my membership?
You can cancel your membership at any time by simply following the cancellation instructions in your My Account area. Please note that you must cancel at least 7 days before your next billing date, otherwise you will be required to make your next bill payment and your membership will continue until the end of the next billing period.
Can I receive a refund if I cancel?
When you subscribe to the Sun Newspaper App, you agree that the digital content will be available to you immediately, and you acknowledge that you will lose your automatic right to a 14 day cancellation period. Unfortunately we cannot give refunds or credit for partial months used. We reserve the right, however, to issue refunds or credits at our sole discretion. If we issue a refund or credit in one instance, we are under no obligation to issue the same refund or credit in the future.
How can we change these terms?
We may amend these terms at any time to ensure that we remain compliant with relevant laws and regulations and to ensure that we are constantly improving your membership experience. We reserve the right to change or terminate any offered promotions at any time.
What do I need (devices and hardware)?
For a full list of devices and operating systems that our apps are compatible with, please go to the Sun Newspaper page of the App Store (Apple devices) or Google Play Store (Android devices).
What happens if I default on a payment?
If you default on any payment, we may:
terminate your membership;
charge you for any outstanding amount remaining on the unexpired portion of your minimum membership term (subject to your membership and/or offer terms);
send your details to third party debt collectors; and/or
take any action which is necessary in our opinion to recover our losses.
If your membership has been terminated and you would like to re-subscribe, we have the right to require payment in full of any outstanding amount owed to us.
Anything else I should know?
Our memberships are available worldwide but certain content is restricted in certain countries.
We may at any time and at our sole discretion, terminate your membership with us upon 30 days’ notice.
Your subscription is with News Group Newspapers Limited (whose registered office is at 1 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9GF).
Apple’s iTunes App Store subscription
If you have signed up via Apple’s iTunes App Store then The Sun Newspaper App is available as a 30 day auto-renewable subscription on Apple’s iTunes App Store. The cost of your subscription will be made clear to you on the iTunes store. Payment will be charged to your iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase.
Your subscription will automatically renew unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of your current period. Your account will be charged for renewal within the 24 hours prior to the end of the current period, at the same cost as your chosen subscription.
You can manage your subscription via your iTunes account. For more details, please visit
http://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/uk/terms.html
.
Follow The Sun
Services
Sign Up To The Sun
About Us
Editorial Standards, Policies and Ethics
Editorial Complaints
Clarifications
News Licensing
Advertising
Contact Us
Help Hub
Topic A-Z
Cookie Settings
Contact Preferences
Sun Jobs
Shopping
Follow The Sun in Google’s Top Stories
© NEWS ENTERPRISES, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED |
TERMS OF USE
|
PRIVACY
|
YOUR AD CHOICES
|
SITEMAP