The Knot Worldwide Inc. Terms of Use

Effective Date: February 9, 2026


These Terms of Use describe the terms and conditions (the “Terms”) of The Knot Worldwide Inc. and its affiliates (“TKWW,” “we,” “us,” or “our”). These Terms apply to all products, services, websites, platforms, offerings, feature page or any other recommendation feature page that describes TKWW’s then‑current features, including those found here (“Feature Page”), and mobile applications (collectively, the “Platform”) owned and operated by us or our affiliates, that link to these Terms, and related online and offline services thereto (including our social media pages) (all of the foregoing collectively, the “Services”).


Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect and use personal information. Although it does not form part of these Terms, it is an important document that applies to your use of the Services and that you should read in full.

PLEASE CAREFULLY REVIEW THESE TERMS OF USE, INCLUDING THE “MANDATORY ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER” SET FORTH IN SECTION 20 BELOW, AS IT WILL REQUIRE YOU TO RESOLVE DISPUTES WITH US ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS THROUGH FINAL AND BINDING ARBITRATION.

BY ENTERING THESE TERMS, YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND ALL OF THE TERMS INCLUDED HEREIN AND HAVE TAKEN TIME TO CONSIDER THE CONSEQUENCES OF THIS IMPORTANT DECISION.

If you have any questions or comments regarding these Terms, please contact us as described in Section 27 below.

1. Your Acceptance of the Terms

By using or accessing the Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not use or access the Services. These Terms expressly supersede any prior terms or agreement between you and us or any of our affiliates or predecessors. Certain features or products available through the Services may be subject to additional terms and conditions presented to you at the time that you use or purchase them. Similarly, some areas of the Services are hosted or provided by our third-party hosts or service providers and are subject to additional terms and conditions of use, which are posted within those areas on such third parties’ websites.

We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these Terms at any time, and you agree to be bound by such modifications or revisions. It is your responsibility to check these Terms periodically because any changes will be binding on you. By continuing to access or use the Services after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms.

2. The Services and Users of the Services

Through our Services we offer an innovative community and marketplace for the wedding industry. Our Services are only intended for Users (as defined below) who are at least 18 years of age or older. By using the Services, you represent and warrant that you are at least eighteen (18) years of age or are the age of majority in the country in which you reside, and consent to TKWW using various tools and mechanisms (including third party services) to verify your age from time to time.   

Users of our Services consist of individual users, including, but not limited to former and prospective brides and grooms, newlyweds, wedding guests, people hosting an event, and cohabitants of a residence (collectively, “Members”), and companies and other third parties offering commercial  products and services through our Platform (collectively, “Vendors”) (all of the foregoing, including Members and Vendors, are referred to collectively herein as “Users”). Certain areas of the Services may provide a place for Members to interact with Vendors and book services that a Vendor offers.

a. Members

Members acknowledge that while we may use techniques to help verify the identity of Vendors when they register for memberships or subscriptions on our Services, we cannot and will not guarantee each Vendor’s identity, capabilities, that it has obtained all required permits, licenses or consents, or that it complies with all applicable laws. We do not endorse any particular Vendor nor do we guarantee the quality of their goods or services. Our Services are intended to help you identify potential vendors. You are responsible for conducting your own independent research to determine whether any Vendor is appropriate for your needs. Your use of the Services is also subject to additional Member-specific policies that TKWW may issue from time to time.

b. Vendors

If you are agreeing to these Terms on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind that company or other legal entity to these Terms and, in such event, “you” and “your” refer to that company or other entity.

As a Vendor you acknowledge that we will not endorse you or your products or services unless separately agreed in writing. We are in no way responsible for assisting you in reaching an agreement with Members. We are not responsible for assisting you in providing goods and services to Members. Your membership or subscription to our Services may not be transferred or sold to another party without TKWW’s prior written consent.

As a Vendor you must list the true and correct name of your business on the Services and maintain all valid business licenses, registrations, and permits, as applicable. Vendors must promptly notify TKWW in writing to support@weddingpro.com if there is (i) a change in business name or (ii) any change in ownership or control of the business, including but not limited to a merger, acquisition, sale of substantially all assets, or change in controlling interest. In our sole discretion, TKWW reserves the right to request requisite documentation and/or suspend or terminate your account, including all content previously associated with such account, for any unauthorized change in ownership or control.  

We may offer different types of paid and free memberships or subscriptions including, but not limited to, the Vendor Services, as defined in the Feature Page. Vendors’ use of the Vendor Services is subject to the additional terms and conditions set forth in the Terms of Purchase, available here (“Terms of Purchase”), and any other terms that TKWW may make available from time to time, as applicable. 

If there is a conflict between these Terms and the Terms of Purchase, the Terms of Purchase shall control with respect to your use of the Vendor Services. If Vendor receives Advertising Services (as defined in the Feature Page), Vendor agrees to the Advertising Services Terms found here. 

TKWW reserves the right to limit the amount of space afforded to any one Vendor or any category of advertising (whether by product line or motif) appearing on the Platform and publications. Vendor understands that Free Services (as defined in the Feature Page) do not guarantee any placement or access to features or other benefits. We reserve the right to terminate or cancel any Free Services at any time without notice to Vendor and in our sole discretion.

Nothing in these Terms shall restrict us from (a) entering into agreements with other third party vendors, whether or not competitive with Vendor (unless otherwise specified in these Terms); and/or (b) engaging in any activity, including, without limitation, selling goods and/or providing services of any kind whatsoever.

If TKWW provides Vendor with usage statistics, they will be in a format determined by us. Vendor may not distribute or disclose usage statistics to any third party without our prior written consent. We do not guarantee the accuracy, reliability or completeness of any usage statistics. In no event shall we assume any liability to Vendor for usage statistics provided to us by third parties. 

Through the Services, Vendor may receive requests from Members regarding the Vendor’s services ("Leads"). All Leads delivered to Vendor shall be used solely for the purpose of marketing Vendor’s service/products to such Lead and not for any other use or by any other entity or business without the prior written consent of TKWW. Vendor further agrees that it will neither solicit nor allow others to solicit any Leads with promotional material of businesses other than Vendor. Vendor acknowledges that names and dates included in the Leads are the sole property of TKWW and Vendor hereby agrees not to disclose, sell or make known the names and dates for any such Leads to any third party. Vendor further agrees not to use names for any Leads for bridal shows or other special events in which non-advertisers participate without the prior written consent of TKWW. Vendor will not subject any person named included in any Lead to any form of high-pressure sales tactics or otherwise use Leads information in violation of applicable law, rule, regulation or industry standard. Vendor acknowledges that the Leads are provided to Vendor "as-is," and that TKWW will have no liability to Vendor or any of its affiliated companies, licensees, customers, marketing partners, or other third parties concerning the information (including the accuracy thereof) contained in the Leads. For the avoidance of doubt, Vendor expressly understands and  acknowledges that TKWW makes no performance or delivery guarantees of any kind as set forth in Section 6 of the Terms of Purchase. 

Vendor is responsible for its use of the Services including, but not limited to, communicating with Member and providing Vendor’s services/products to Member. 

3. We Are a Neutral Venue

As a User, you acknowledge that we are not a product or service provider, vendor, agent, or representative for any Member or Vendor. We, the Services, and the Platform function solely as a neutral venue and digital clearinghouse where Members may connect to search for particular types of services or products and Vendors may connect to advertise particular types of services or products. We are not involved in or a party to the actual transaction between Users. As a result, we have no control over the existence, quality, accuracy, safety, or legality of the transactions that take place on our Services, the accuracy of any Vendor listings, or the accuracy of information provided to Vendor from a Member or other third parties, whether or not such information was provided through the Services. We have no control over the ability of Vendors to provide items or perform services or the ability of Members to pay for any goods and services. We make no representations or warranties and are not liable or responsible for the actions or inactions of our Users including, but not limited to the content of any contract, communication, or interactions between Users (“Interactions”). We are not responsible for any losses User may incur as a result of an Interaction, even if we were advised of the possibility of such losses. 

4. Nondiscrimination Policy

We want all Users to feel welcome when using our Services. Accordingly, we prohibit discrimination against Users, guests, or our Representatives (as defined in Section 8 below) based on race/color/ethnicity, religion, national origin/immigration status, disability or serious health concern, marital/family/pregnancy status, caste, sexual orientation, sex, gender identity/gender expression, veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected under applicable federal, regional, state, or local law. Such discrimination includes, but is not limited to, refusing to provide or accept services or any other conduct that improperly takes into account these characteristics. This prohibition applies to the posting of discriminatory content, such as reviews or forum posts, on the Services or elsewhere. We will, at our discretion, take steps to enforce this policy, up to and including suspending or terminating from our Services those Users who violate this policy. If you experience discrimination with any User, please contact support at policy@theknotww.com, with the subject “Nondiscrimination Policy,” so we can investigate and take appropriate measures.

We reserve the right to suspend or terminate any User’s access to the Services and cancel the contract of any Vendor who violates the non-discrimination policy in this Section 4 or who engages in offensive and detrimental behavior, including behavior that shocks, insults, or offends the community and public morals and decency, including through making racist, discriminatory or offensive comments on our properties and elsewhere or by taking actions that would tend to reflect poorly on us.

5. International Access

We control and operate the Services from the United States of America and all servers that make the Services available reside in the United States. Unless otherwise specified, the materials displayed on the Services are presented solely for the purpose of promoting products and services available in the United States, and its territories. The laws of other countries may differ regarding the access and use of the Services. We make no representations that materials on the Services are appropriate or available for use in other locations or regarding the legality of the Services in any other country. If you choose to access the Services from other locations, you are responsible for ensuring that your use complies with all applicable local laws outside of the United States. Our affiliated companies have websites that are intended to serve many other countries in the world. Please see Bodas.net for access to sites focused on Europe, Latin America, Canada and India.

6. Accounts, Passwords and Security

To access certain features or areas of the Services, you may be required to register and create an account, and, as noted in Section 2 above, certain features and benefits of the Services may only be available to Vendors at a certain subscription level, as such tiers may be determined by TKWW from time to time. You agree to provide true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself as prompted by the applicable registration or log-in form, and you are responsible for keeping such information up to date (this includes your contact information, so that we can reliably contact you). In addition, certain features of the Services may only be available to our registered Users. To access those areas of the Services you will be required to log in using your username and password (“Account Information”). You are responsible for all activity occurring when the Services are accessed through your account, whether authorized by you or not. 

Vendors may create sub-accounts for their employees and/or independent contractors, so long as those individuals are subject to obligations no less protective of TKWW than those set forth in these Terms. Only individuals who are authorized users of the Vendor account may request changes to Account Information or changes to Services (including, without limitation, name changes, transfers of the account to a different entity, or termination of the account). 

All Users are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of their Account Information, and agree to promptly notify TKWW of any unauthorized use of their Account Information or account. TKWW is not liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to protect your Account Information.

Without limiting the foregoing, Vendors shall maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures in accordance with industry standards and best practices that are designed to protect the security (including against unauthorized or unlawful processing of, and against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss or alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to data), confidentiality, and integrity of Account Information, Leads, or any other information made available to Vendor through its use of the Services (collectively, (“Vendor Data”) including, inter alia, as appropriate (“Security Controls”): (i) the pseudonymization and encryption of Vendor Data; (ii) the ability to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of Vendor Data; (iii) the ability to restore the availability of and access to Vendor Data in a timely manner in the event of a security incident; and (iv) a process for regularly testing, assessing and evaluating the effectiveness of Security Controls. Vendor shall monitor compliance with these measures in accordance with its internal information security programs. 

To the extent applicable, Vendor acknowledges that TKWW is relying on Vendor to implement Security Controls to protect Vendor Data, the absence of which would cause TKWW substantial harm, including reputational harm and loss of goodwill, the exact amount of which would be difficult to determine with reasonable certainty. Accordingly,   in the event any Vendor Data is compromised or adversely impacted as a result of Vendor’s failure to implement Security Controls, Vendor shall pay liquidated damages for such breach in the amount of $100,000 as a reasonable estimate of anticipated losses and not as a penalty. The parties agree that the foregoing liquidated damages are in addition to, and not in lieu of, Vendor’s indemnification obligations hereunder and TKWW’s right to seek injunctive relief or other equitable remedies.

7. Protection of Intellectual Property Content

Our Services contain copyrighted material, inventions, know-how, potentially patentable business method material, design logos, phrases, names, logos, HTML code and/or other computer code and/or scripts (collectively, “Intellectual Property Content”). Unless otherwise indicated and/or provided pursuant to a third-party license, our Intellectual Property Content is our sole property, and we retain all appurtenant rights, interests and title thereto. We also claim ownership rights under the copyright and trademark laws with regard to the “look,” “feel,” “appearance” and “graphic function” of the Services, including but not limited to its color combinations, sounds, layouts and designs.

You may use the Services (including any content and materials included on the Services) for your own personal, non-commercial use, and Vendors may use the Services for commercial uses solely to the extent permitted by these Terms, the Terms of Purchase, and/or any additional terms applicable to Vendor. Members may not use the Services for any commercial purposes whatsoever. You may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, translate, sell, create derivative works, exploit, or distribute in any manner or medium (including by email or other electronic means) any material from the Services unless explicitly authorized in these Terms. You may not frame or link to the Services without our prior written permission.

The Services contain trademarks, trade names, trade dress, service marks, domain names or other indicia of ownership (collectively the “Marks”) owned or licensed for use by us, including but not limited to, WEDDINGWIRE, THE KNOT, THE KNOT WORLDWIDE, TKWW, AND WEDDINGPRO. Unless otherwise agreed to in writing, you agree that no right, property, license, permission, or interest of any kind in or to the Marks is or is intended to be given or transferred to or acquired by you pursuant to the execution, performance, or non-performance of these Terms or any part thereof. You shall in no way contest or deny the validity of, our right of title to or license of use for, the Marks, and you shall not encourage or assist others directly or indirectly to do so, during the lifetime of these Terms and thereafter. You shall not utilize the Marks or any similar marks in any manner that would diminish their value or harm their reputation. Without limiting the foregoing, if you are a Vendor that is recognized by TKWW for the “Knot Best of Weddings” or the “Couple’s Choice Awards”, you are hereby granted a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable, nonsublicensable license to access and use the applicable Marks provided, however, that such license is subject to your compliance with these Terms. You shall not use or register any domain name, trademark, or service mark that is identical to or similar to any of the Marks.

All other third-party trademarks, registered trademarks, and product names mentioned on the Services are the property of their respective owners and may not be copied, imitated, or used, in whole or in part, without the permission of the applicable intellectual property rights holder. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information by name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation by TKWW. 

8. Content Submitted by Users

Subject to the limitations set forth herein, the Services may offer Users the opportunity to submit or post text, images, comments, video clips, and other communications and content to the Services, and to share information with other Users through message boards, Vendor advertisements and listings, and other means on the Platform (collectively, “Submitted Content”). You are responsible for all Submitted Content and agree to use common sense and good judgment when conducting or posting any online communication or distribution of information. Unless otherwise specified, you may only post Submitted Content to the Services if you are a resident of the United States and are eighteen (18) years of age or older.  

By posting Submitted Content, you expressly represent and warrant the following: (i) you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the Submitted Content and are authorized to use and distribute the Submitted Content to the Services;  (ii) the Submitted Content is accurate and not false or misleading, and complies with TKWW’s Acceptable Activities Policy; (iii) use of Submitted Content does not violate these Terms, including the Rules for Service Use and  Submitted Content described below in Section 10; (iv) Submitted Content does not and will not infringe any copyright, right of publicity, or any other third party right nor violate any law or regulation; and (v) you will indemnify TKWW for all claims relating to Submitted Content. You further represent and warrant that all persons and entities connected with the Submitted Content, and all other persons and entities whose names, voices, photographs, likenesses, works, services, and materials have been used in the Submitted Content or its exploitation, have authorized the use of their names, voices, photographs, likenesses, performances, and biographical data in connection with the advertising, promotion, trade and other exploitation of the Submitted Content and the rights granted herein.

Users are solely responsible for their Submitted Content. We do not control the Submitted Content of Users. We are not a publisher of Submitted Content and we are not responsible or liable to you or to any third party for the accuracy or legality of Submitted Content. 

We reserve the right, but do not have the obligation to monitor, remove, or restrict your use of the Services and any Submitted Content for any reason, including, without limitation, that your Submitted Content is in violation of these Terms or is otherwise inappropriate, as determined in our sole discretion. Our right to monitor your use of the Services, including any Submitted Content, includes the right to review and monitor your interactions with any aspect of the Services, including your interactions with any AI Features (as defined below) and the content of your conversations with or messages to other Users on the Platform.  This review may be automated or manual (human), and conducted for any purpose, including without limitation for security, training, product development, and support purposes.     

You agree that any action or inaction by us or any of our directors, officers, shareholders, parents, subsidiaries, employees, consultants, affiliates, partners, agents or representatives (collectively, our “Representatives”) to prevent, restrict, redress, or regulate Submitted Content, or to implement other enforcement measures against any Submitted Content, is undertaken voluntarily and in good faith. Our Representatives may moderate Submitted Content, conduct, and compliance with these Terms at our discretion but they do not have any authority to make binding commitments, promises or representations on our behalf.

You expressly agree that our Representatives and anyone else authorized to act on our behalf shall in no circumstances be liable as a result of any representation that we would or would not restrict or redress any Submitted Content, conduct or potential or purported violation of these Terms.

9. Our License to Submitted Content

By posting Submitted Content to any part of the Services, you grant TKWW an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, fully-paid-up, royalty-free, worldwide license (with the right to sublicense at multiple levels to anyone, including but not limited to, our affiliates and third parties) to use, copy, publicly perform, publicly display, reformat, translate, excerpt (in whole or in part), and distribute such Submitted Content for any purpose and in any format on or in connection with the Services, our business, or the promotion thereof, to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate such Submitted Content into other works, and to grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing. Additionally, by providing Submitted Content, you authorize us to use the names, voices, photographs, likenesses, performances, and biographical data included in or associated with any Submitted Content in connection with the advertising, promotion, trade and other exploitation of the Submitted Content and the rights granted herein. Without limiting the foregoing, our license to the Submitted Content includes the right to improve the quality of the Services and its features, to train any artificial intelligence tool we use or create in connection with the Services, our business, or the promotion thereof, and to comply with applicable law. 

If a derivative work is created in the process of your use of the Services, the copyright pertaining to the derivative work shall belong to TKWW or a third party designated by TKWW. You shall not exercise the moral rights of the author in relation to the derivative work against TKWW or a third party designated by TKWW. The use of any such derivative work is non-exclusively permitted by TKWW to you for private and non-commercial use within the Services in accordance with these Terms and may not be used for any other purpose. However, notwithstanding the provisions of these Terms, you may post images or videos including the derivative works to social networking services for personal and non-commercial purposes in accordance with these Terms. 

You acknowledge that we may retain archived copies of your Submitted Content and may continue to use your Submitted Content in connection with any materials that were created prior to your removal of your Submitted Content, in accordance with the license described above.

We always want to receive messages and feedback from our Users and welcome any comments regarding the Services. Any ideas, suggestions, comments or proposals you send to us (collectively, “Submissions”) are entirely voluntary regardless how we receive the Submission. You agree that TKWW may use and disclose such Submissions in any manner and for any purpose whatsoever without any further notice, obligation or compensation to you and without retention by you of any proprietary or other right or claim. You hereby assign to TKWW any and all right, title, and interest (including, but not limited to, any patent, copyright, trade secret, trademark, show-how, know-how, moral rights and any and all other intellectual property right) that you may have in and to any and all Submissions. 

10. Rules for Service Use and Submitted Content

You must comply with all applicable laws and these Terms when you use the Services. In using the Services, you also expressly agree not to:

Create an account in another person’s or entity’s name, create more than one account (with the exception of Vendors, who may create one or more authorized business accounts in accordance with these Terms), use another’s account or impersonate another person or entity;
Use the Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity which infringes on our rights or the rights of others;
“Harvest,” “scrape,” “stream catch” or collect information from the Services using automated software tooling (including but not limited to use of robots, spiders, or similar means), or manually on a mass basis (unless we have given you separate written permission to do so); This includes, for example, information about other Users and information about the offerings, products, services and promotions available on or through the Services;
Circumvent or reverse engineer the Services or our systems or to gain unauthorized access to any areas of the Services, or any other systems or networks connected to the Services, or to any of the services offered on or through the Services that are not intended for access by you, by hacking, password “mining,” or any other illegitimate means;
Take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the Services or our systems or networks, or any systems or networks connected to the Services, including by “flooding” the Services with requests;
Scan or test the vulnerability or security of our Services or the system within which it operates or involve the upload, or insertion of, any programming language or code into or onto, our Services;
Use the Services to gain competitive intelligence about us, the Services, or any product offered via the Services or to otherwise compete with us or our affiliates, or use information on the Services to create or sell a similar product or information;
Manipulate or forge identifiers to disguise the origin of any information posted on the Services or otherwise provided to us or our employees;
Use the Services to promote spamming, chain letters, or any other unsolicited or irrelevant communications;
Engage in tactics, or direct or encourage others, to attempt to bypass the Services or our systems to avoid complying with any of our applicable policies, including these Terms, paying applicable fees, or complying with other contractual obligations, if any; or
Restrict, inhibit, or disrupt other Users from using and enjoying the Services as intended.
You further agree not to post Submitted Content or take any action anywhere, as determined in our sole discretion, that:

Violates or possibly causes us or others to violate any applicable law, statute, ordinance, order, or regulation or encourages or facilitates criminal conduct;
May create a risk of harm, loss, physical or mental injury, emotional distress, death, disability, disfigurement or exploitation, to you, any other person, entity, or any animal;
Promotes or condones hate, refusal of services, discrimination, degradation, or contempt against communities based on protected characteristics by applicable law, or in any way violates the Nondiscrimination Policy set forth herein;
Is sexually explicit or obscene, abusive, defamatory, violent or graphic, infringing, invasive of personal privacy or publicity rights, is sexually or otherwise harassing or menacing, humiliating to other people (publicly or otherwise), libelous, threatening, highly coercive, profane, or otherwise harmful or offensive to others, as determined in our sole discretion; 
Is fraudulent, deceptive, inauthentic, incorrect, not current, substantially misleading, or demonstrably false;
Represents that it was generated by a human when it was not, or incorporates generative artificial intelligence tools without providing appropriate disclosures, including where required by applicable laws;
Creates liability for us in any manner whatsoever;
Contains your personal information that you do not wish to be made public or to be displayed in accordance with the applicable settings that you indicate, or that contains another person's personal information or otherwise invades another's privacy;
Contains any information (such as insider, proprietary or confidential information) that you do not have a right to make available due to contract, fiduciary duty, or operation of law;
Advertises the products or services of others or contains links to third-party web sites or solicits business for products or services other than those that are offered and promoted on the Services;
Contains any computer hardware or software, viruses, Trojan horses, worms, spyware, or any other computer programming that may cause harm or loss to others, interfere with the operation of our Services or our systems, and/or create or impose a large burden or load on our Services or systems; or
Infringes any third party's intellectual property rights including but not limited to copyright, patent or trademark right.
Without limiting the foregoing, Vendors expressly agree not to:

Violate any applicable domestic and international laws, statutes, ordinances and regulations regarding your use of the Services and your listing, shipping, transporting, and solicitation of offers to ship and transport items;
Include promotional text or endorsements in your storefront name or your storefront picture(s);
Discourage, either through the Services or otherwise, any Member from hiring other Vendors; or
“Farm” out  Leads (i.e., taking Leads provided to you and transferring them to others that are not Vendors).

We reserve the right to suspend any User’s access to the Services and/or terminate the contract of any User that violates any of the foregoing rules and restrictions.

For more information on content and conduct guidelines, please visit the respective Service’s Community Guidelines.

11. Tools & Changes to Services

The Services offers several tools to Users, some of which are provided by third parties. We are not responsible for the availability, suitability or effectiveness of any such tools, whether provided by TKWW or a third party. 

In order to optimize Services operation, we are constantly reviewing, testing and evolving the Services to provide Users with the best suite of options available. We reserve the right to revise, reduce, add to, change, modify or discontinue any of the Services, tools or other services or features provided on the Services at any time without warning for any reason in our sole discretion, including without limitation, to comply with any applicable laws, rules, or regulations. Such changes may include, without limitation, the operation of our products and services, including the order and manner in which Vendors appear on the Services, the delivering of the Services, and the way you are charged for the Services. You agree that we may make such changes and test, implement, remove, reverse or modify our Services at any time, without notice. We make no guarantees, representations or warranties with respect to the outcome or results of our Services, including any tools made available by third parties. 

You acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for any payment due under these Terms irrespective of any changes made to the Services or tools made available by third parties. 

We are not responsible for any data you lose as a result of a malfunction of the Services or tools made available by third parties, or for any other reason or any consequential damages resulting from such data loss. You should always keep a back-up copy of all such information on your computer and in hard copy.

Without limiting the foregoing, we reserve the right to redesign or modify, or cause the redesign or modification of, the organization, structure or "look and feel" of the Services and/or Platform, our publications, and/or the policies, at any time without notice.

12. Fees & Payments

There are no minimum fees for Members to use the Services. Optional fee-based services are available, but participation is not mandatory.

Members. There are currently no fee-based services for a large portion of our Services. We may offer optional fee-based services, which may include services provided by third parties. Your use of such services shall be subject to any applicable additional terms and conditions which may include the third parties’ terms and conditions, and in such circumstances, the third parties, and not us, are responsible for delivering any purchased goods or performing any booked services, and in issuing any applicable refunds. Your credit card will not be charged unless and until you agree to use that fee-based service and/or to incur a charge with us. The fee and timing of payments for the fee-based service will be described separately as part of the applicable fee-based service.

We also provide wedding website customized domain or similar service subscriptions in annual increments and related services (“WWCD”). Occasional service outages, downtime, or disruptions to functionality may occur that we do not or cannot control. If such outages, downtime, or disruptions occur, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to assist with restoring service as soon as possible. We are not liable or responsible for damages if such outages occur. To the extent available, we will register the domain for your WWCD and act as your nominee only. Any and all responsibility and liability associated with the WWCD domain name or content on the domain is yours. We reserve the right at any time to reject (e.g., at the time of selection or any time afterward), abandon, or transfer (including on your behalf) any domains and/or wedding websites in the event that we receive notification that the domain infringes or allegedly infringes any third-party right or for any other reason. After selecting a domain name, it may take an estimated twenty-four (24) business hours for your website to be viewable online (although no guarantees are made by us with respect thereto). If the selected domain expires, the wedding website will revert to a subdomain selected by TKWW in its sole discretion.

Cash Gifting. In addition to and without limiting anything contained herein or in the Privacy Policy, if you use, register for, or enable any cash gifting feature or similar product or service (each, a “Cash Gifting Service”), you agree to the following:


The Services provide links and interfaces to third-party payment processors or other third party payment service providers, such as but not limited to Stripe, (“Payment Processors”) that may permit Users (e.g., wedding guests and other gift givers) (each, a “Gift Giver”) to send funds to other Users (e.g., couples or their representatives or designees) or third parties (e.g., charitable organizations selected by a User) (each of the foregoing, a “Beneficiary”). You acknowledge that while we provide links to such Payment Processors, we do not control and are not responsible for payments made or received through such Payment Processor, Any use of Payment Processor services by you: (i) may be subject to the fees set by the Payment Processor, (ii) is at your own risk, (iii) is subject to your agreement that we are not responsible for any fund transfers or anything else arising from or related to the services provided by a Payment Processor or other third-party, and (iv) is subject to these Terms. Any use of such Cash Gifting Service may also be subject to the User’s acceptance of any additional terms and conditions disclosed by us or otherwise provided by any third-party (including a Payment Processor).
Users acknowledge that they are submitting payment directly to the Beneficiary (via a third-party payment service or any other payment method) and therefore we are not responsible for lost payments, identity theft, fraud, or refunds.
In order for a Beneficiary to receive cash or other payment from a User, the Beneficiary will be required to link to their payment account with a third-party payment processor. In addition, each User will complete every form, document, and online entry field in connection with a Cash Gifting Service and represents and warrants that all such information provided therein will be true, correct, and complete.
The Cash Gifting Service is a feature offered as a convenience to you.
Without limiting any other rights we have set forth herein, we reserve the right to suspend, terminate, freeze or close any account in accordance with this Section 12. Accounts may be frozen at the sole discretion of us or the third-party service provider until a review has been conducted and the validity of the account is confirmed.

Payments for Fee-based Programs. If you opt-in to a fee-based program, you irrevocably and expressly authorize us to debit or credit, as applicable, any monies to the account that you have identified. You agree that it is your responsibility to maintain a valid, non-expired credit card on file with us while engaging in fee-based activities on our Services. You agree that if you do not maintain a valid, non-expired card on file with us during any billing attempt, you may be subject to interest and penalties as enumerated below and we may suspend or terminate your access to any such fee-based program upon any payment default.

You irrevocably and expressly authorize us to withhold any monies and/or debit any monies from any account that you have identified for any charge backs, fees, costs, deductions, adjustments, and any other amounts owed to us. We reserve our rights to all actions and remedies in connection with any monies owed to us. You will indemnify, defend and hold us harmless for any claims, demands or causes of actions that we take toward any identified account pursuant to this Section.

Billing Policies. You are responsible for paying any and all applicable fees as set forth in any agreement entered into (i) through the Services (including for any mobile application or goods or services provided by a Vendor to a Member (a “User Provided Service”)) or (ii) by clicking through to another digital property or mobile application that requires payment. You are also responsible for paying any and all applicable taxes associated with the Services in a timely manner with a valid payment method. Unless we state in writing otherwise, all fees and charges are nonrefundable and all fees are quoted in U.S. Dollars. All payments must be made by the methods specified within the Services. If you want to use a different debit or credit card, or there is a change in debit or credit card validity or expiration date, or if you believe someone has accessed the Services using your user name and password without your authorization, you must contact policy@theknotww.com. 

Member Unpaid Fees. If, for any reason, any fees a Member owes us have not been received or in any manner realized by us (“Unpaid Fees”), such Member agrees to pay such Unpaid Fees immediately. In addition, we may charge interest, in the amount of 2.0% per month (or the maximum amount allowed by law), on any unpaid account balance that a Member maintains. Any partial payments made by Members will first be applied to the most recent fees owed to us, including interest. We reserve the right to waive or reduce the amount of any Member Unpaid Fees, penalties, or interest at any time. Members also agree to pay any attorney fees, and other costs of collection incurred by us with respect to any Member Unpaid Fees. Members also consent and authorize us, in our sole discretion, to make appropriate reports to credit reporting agencies, financial institutions, tax agencies and law enforcement authorities, and cooperate with them in any resulting investigation or prosecution.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, TKWW agrees that it will not charge any late fees or interest to a User’s credit card.

Correcting Mistakes in Payments to Vendors and Members. We reserve the right to fix any processing errors we discover. We will correct any processing errors by debiting or crediting the payment method used for the erroneous refund or reimbursement. Members and Vendors shall look solely to one another, as applicable, to resolve any payment errors made by either party, and we will have no liability for such errors.

Payment and Third-Party Payment Processors. Purchases made through the Services (including for any User Provided Service) may be processed through a Payment Processor. If applicable, you may be provided a notice when entering your payment information directing you to such Payment Processor’s terms of use and privacy policy. All payments are governed by the Payment Processor’s terms of use and privacy policy.

Parties’ Relationship. The applicable User, and not us, is responsible for delivering any purchased goods or providing any services. If you, as a User, choose to enter into a transaction with another User, you agree and understand that you will be required to enter into an agreement with such User and agree to any terms or conditions which may be imposed by such User. As a User, you acknowledge and agree that you, and not us, will be responsible for performing the obligations of such agreements, except as otherwise expressly set forth in these Terms.

Charges on Your Account. You are responsible for all charges incurred under your account made by you or anyone who uses your account. If your payment method fails or you are past due on amounts owed, we may collect fees owed using other collection mechanisms. Your account may be deactivated without notice to you if payment is past due, regardless of the dollar amount. You are also responsible for paying any taxes or any other legally required fees imposed on your use of the Services or any services contained therein (including for any Vendor Provided Service), including, but not limited to, sales, use or value-added taxes and government-imposed fees. To the extent we are obligated to collect such taxes, the applicable tax will be added to your billing account.

Authorization; Payment Processing. You expressly authorize us to debit or credit any monies from the payment method you have chosen. Authorization to charge your chosen payment method account will remain in effect until you cancel or modify your preferences within the Services; provided, however, that such notice will not affect charges submitted before we could reasonably act. The Vendor shall be responsible for all fees associated with the processing of the payment method, including payment processing and associated bank fees.

13. Text Messaging

By using the Services, you agree that we and those acting on our behalf may, in certain circumstances, send you text (SMS) messages at the phone number you provided us. These messages may include operational messages about your use of the Services, as well as marketing or other promotional messages. You may not be able to use the Services without agreeing to receive operational text messages. Users of the Services may also send you text messages through the Services.

You may opt-out of receiving marketing or other promotional text messages at any time by texting STOP to any text message from us or sending an email to legal@theknotww.com, indicating that you no longer wish to receive marketing texts along with the phone number of the mobile device receiving the messages. You may continue to receive text messages for a short period while we process your request, and you may also receive text messages confirming the receipt of your opt-out request. Text messages may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system. Your agreement to receive marketing texts is not a condition of any purchase or use of the Services. Carriers, text messaging platforms, and TKWW and its Representatives are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. If you change or deactivate the phone number you provided to us, you must update your account information to help prevent us from inadvertently communicating with anyone who acquires your old number. Data and message rates may apply for SMS and MMS alerts, whether you send or receive such messages. Please contact your mobile network operator for details.

For more information click here.

14. Disclaimers of Warranties

YOU AGREE THAT USE OF THE SERVICES, INCLUDING THE AI FEATURES AND THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS (EACH AS DEFINED IN SECTION 26 BELOW), IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. WHILE TKWW AND ITS PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES OR OTHER AFFILIATES, OR ANY OF OUR OR THEIR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, STOCKHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, CONSULTANTS, PARTNERS, AGENTS, OTHER OF OUR REPRESENTATIVES, OR CONTENT OR SERVICE PROVIDERS (THE “LIMITED PARTIES”)  ENABLE USERS TO COMMUNICATE WITH ONE ANOTHER, WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING SUCH INFORMATION AND COMMUNICATIONS, AND WE ARE NOT A PARTY TO TRANSACTIONS OR INTERACTIONS THAT MAY OCCUR BETWEEN USERS, WHETHER ONLINE OR OFFLINE. ADDITIONALLY, WE CANNOT AND DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT ANY VENDOR IS LICENSED, QUALIFIED, INSURED OR CAPABLE OF PERFORMING ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE, AND WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE EXPERTISE, PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS, OR QUALITY OF WORK OF ANY VENDOR, OR THE SUITABILITY, RELIABILITY OR ACCURACY OF THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES THEY PROVIDE. WE PROVIDE THE SERVICES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY CONTENT PROVIDED, DISPLAYED, OR GENERATED THROUGH THE SERVICES, OR ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ORDERED OR PROVIDED VIA THE SERVICES, INCLUDING THE AI FEATURES AND THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS, ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED (INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT). THIS MEANS THAT WE MAKE NO PROMISES THAT:


THE SERVICES WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME,
THE SERVICES WILL MEET ANY PARTICULAR REQUIREMENTS OR PROVIDE ANY PARTICULAR RESULTS,
THE INFORMATION ON THE SERVICES, AI FEATURES, OR THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS WILL BE ACCURATE OR UP TO DATE,
THE SERVICES, AI FEATURES, OR THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS, OR THE INFORMATION TRANSMITTED TO OR FROM THEM OR STORED ON THEM WILL BE SECURE FROM UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS,
INFORMATION AND CONTENT THAT YOU STORE IN YOUR ACCOUNT OR ON THE SERVICES WILL REMAIN RETRIEVABLE AND UNCORRUPTED, OR
THE SERVICES, AI FEATURES, OR THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE OR WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED.

WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING OR ANY OTHER PROVISIONS IN THESE TERMS, THE LIMITED PARTIES MAKE NO GUARANTEE TO VENDORS WITH RESPECT TO ANY MINIMUM NUMBER OF LEADS, INQUIRIES, CONVERSIONS, SALES, IMPRESSIONS, CLICKS, REACH, OR ANY PARTICULAR PERFORMANCE OUTCOME, REGARDLESS OF VENDOR’S SELECTED PAYMENT TIER, SUBSCRIPTION PLAN OR LEVEL OF PARTICIPATION. ANY AND ALL SERVICES OFFERED OR MADE AVAILABLE TO VENDORS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” “WITH ALL FAULTS,” AND “AS AVAILABLE,” AND THE LIMITED PARTIES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING PERFORMANCE OR RESULTS OF SUCH SERVICES.

FURTHERMORE, THE SERVICES MAY BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS, DELAYS, AND OTHER PROBLEMS (THE "FORCE MAJEURE EVENTS"), INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARS, TERRORIST ATTACKS, STRIKES, RIOTS, EARTHQUAKES, HURRICANES, TORNADOES, VOLCANOES, MAJOR WEATHER EVENTS, PANDEMICS, EPIDEMICS OR SIMILAR EVENTS WARRANTING GOVERNMENT OR EXECUTIVE ACTION OR CLOSURES, INTERNET CONGESTION, ATTACKS ON OR FAILURE OF INFRASTRUCTURE, TROJAN HORSES, VIRUS OR MALWARE, AND DENIAL OF SERVICE (DOS) ATTACKS. TKWW IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DELAYS, DELIVERY FAILURES, OR OTHER DAMAGE RESULTING FROM ANY FORCE MAJEURE EVENT.

ALTHOUGH WE TRY TO ENSURE THAT THE INFORMATION POSTED ON THE SERVICES IS ACCURATE AND UP-TO-DATE, WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO CHANGE OR MAKE CORRECTIONS TO ANY OF THE INFORMATION (INCLUDING PRICING) AT ANY TIME. WE CANNOT, AND DO NOT, GUARANTEE THE CORRECTNESS, TIMELINESS, PRECISION, THOROUGHNESS OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY OF THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE ON THE SERVICES, NOR WILL WE BE LIABLE FOR ANY INACCURACY OR OMISSION CONCERNING ANY OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE SERVICES. NO ADVICE, RESULTS OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM US OR THROUGH THE SERVICES SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS WITH RESPECT TO AND ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY VARIATIONS IN THE AVAILABILITY, PRICE, AND QUALITY OF ITEMS SOLD BY US THROUGH THE SERVICES, UNFORESEEN CIRCUMSTANCES MAY WARRANT MODIFICATIONS AT ANY TIME, AND PRODUCTS AND SERVICES MAY VARY SLIGHTLY IN COLOR AND SIZE.

SOME JURISDICTIONS, INCLUDING NEW JERSEY, HAVE LAWS THAT MAY APPLY TO THE SERVICES AND THAT DO NOT ALLOW CERTAIN PROVISIONS SUCH AS LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY AND EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES, AMONG OTHERS. TO THE EXTENT THAT A LIMITATION, EXCLUSION, RESTRICTION OR OTHER PROVISION SET OUT HEREIN IS SPECIFICALLY PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, SUCH LIMITATION, EXCLUSION, RESTRICTION OR PROVISION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

15.  Limitation of Liability

IN NO EVENT SHALL  ANY OF THE LIMITED PARTIES  BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER ARISING FROM, OR DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY RELATED TO, THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES, OR FOR ANY DECISION MADE OR ACTION TAKEN BY YOU IN RELIANCE ON INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THE SERVICES, WHETHER IN AN ACTION FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY OR CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY. OUR LIABILITY, AND THAT OF THE LIMITED PARTIES TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTIES IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCE, IS LIMITED TO THE LESSER OF THE AMOUNT OF FEES  PAID TO US BY YOU IN THE 12 MONTHS PRIOR TO THE ACTION GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY OR $100, NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY.

You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Users, and we are not a party to any such disputes. We reserve the right, but do not have any obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other Users and/or take actions to resolve such disputes. Any and all communications, correspondence, verbal or written, or any warranties or representations, made with regard to products and services offered through the Services by Users are not provided by us and are specifically and solely between the Users. We have no liability for your interactions with other Users, or for any User’s action or inaction.

You agree to release the Limited Parties from all claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of any kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with any disputes between you and any third parties including, but not limited to, other User, or in any way related to goods, services, or events involving third parties.

If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code §1542, which states that “a general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor.” For avoidance of doubt, any disputes directly with us shall be handled in accordance with these Terms.

FOR THOSE JURISDICTIONS THAT DO NOT PERMIT LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR GROSS NEGLIGENCE, THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO ANY WILLFUL, WANTON, INTENTIONAL, RECKLESS MISCONDUCT, OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE OF THE LIMITED PARTIES.

16. Indemnity

You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold us and the Limited Parties harmless from any claim or demand, including attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising in any manner in whole or in part out of your use of the Services, including but not limited to (i) your advertising and/or provision of any goods or services promoted on the Services; (ii) your failure to pay for any goods or services promoted on the Services; (iii) claims that any of your Submitted Content includes materials owned by third parties without authorization, was defamatory or harassing, or otherwise violated the rights of any third party; or (iv) your breach of any representations, warranties, or obligations under these Terms, or your breach applicable law, by you or by someone accessing the Services via your account. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you, in which event you agree to cooperate with us in defending such claims. Your obligations under this Section 16 will survive these Terms and the termination of your use of the Services.

17. Suspension or Termination of Access and Remedies

We have the right to deny access to, and to suspend or terminate your access to, the Services, or to any features or portions of the Services, and to remove and discard any Submitted Content content or materials you have submitted to the Services, at any time in our sole and absolute discretion and without notice to you.

Actions that may result in the rejection or removal of your participation may include, but are not limited to: any violation of these Terms; your creation, maintenance and/or management of more than one account; your non-payment in full any Unpaid Fees; any attempt by you to improperly influence, or cause another to improperly influence, the feedback of other Users on the Platform; your unethical or unlawful conduct, to be determined at our sole discretion; or any attempt by you to harass, or cause another to harass, or have inappropriate communications with a User.

In the event that we suspend or terminate your access to and/or use of the Services, you will continue to be bound by these Terms that were in effect as of the date of your suspension or termination. In the event we suspend or terminate your account or these Terms, you understand and agree that you shall receive no refund or exchange for any unused time on a subscription or other unused Services, any license or subscription fees for any portion of the Services, any content or data associated with your account or for anything else, unless applicable terms provide otherwise.

If you are a Vendor, after your relationship with us is terminated for any reason, we shall be entitled to retain and display all reviews associated with you on the Services as well as basic directory information, including, without limitation, business name, mailing address, website address and telephone number. Without limiting the foregoing or anything else in these Terms, you agree and acknowledge that you shall have no right to have any reviews or your responses thereto removed from the Services during or after termination except to the extent such right is expressly set forth in these Terms or any applicable TKWW Vendor review policy which may then be in effect.  

Remedies for use of our Services that violate these Terms include, but are not limited to, the immediate termination of your membership, notifying our Users of your actions, issuing a warning (including a public warning), temporarily suspending your membership, monetary compensation, and injunctive relief.

18. Governing Law; Venue and Jurisdiction

By using the Services, you agree that the laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflict of laws of any state or jurisdiction, will govern these Terms and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and us or any of our affiliates. With respect to any disputes or claims not subject to arbitration, you agree not to commence or prosecute any action in connection therewith other than in the state and federal courts of New York, and you hereby consent to, and waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction and forum non conveniens with respect to, venue and jurisdiction in the state and federal courts of New York County, New York.

19. Notice of Dispute 

If you have a Dispute (as defined in Section 20) with us regarding the Services, you must first attempt to resolve the Dispute informally. Because we are a neutral venue, we are not responsible for resolving any disputes between you and other TKWW Users regarding services or transactions. The parties agree that, before either party demands or attempts to commence arbitration against the other, we will personally meet and confer by telephone or videoconference, in a good-faith effort to resolve informally any Dispute. The informal dispute resolution conferences shall be individualized; each dispute requires a separate conference and multiple claimants cannot participate in the same informal telephonic dispute resolution conference, unless mutually agreed to by the parties. Both parties (you and we) shall fully participate in the conference.

The party initiating the claim must give written notice to the other party of their intent to initiate an informal dispute resolution conference, which shall occur within sixty days after the other party receives such notice, unless an extension is mutually agreed upon by the parties.  To notify us that you intend to initiate an informal dispute resolution conference, please email arbitrationtou@theknotww.com, providing your name, telephone number associated with your TKWW account (if any), your email address, and a description of your claim. If we do not resolve your Dispute within ninety days from receipt of notice of the Dispute, either party may pursue a claim in arbitration pursuant to Section 20 below. In the interval between the party receiving such notice and the informal dispute resolution conference, the parties shall be free to attempt to resolve the initiating party’s claims. The statute of limitations and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the informal dispute resolution process required by this paragraph.

Engaging in an informal dispute resolution conference is a requirement that must be fulfilled before commencing arbitration. An arbitration shall be dismissed if it was filed without fully and completely complying with these informal dispute resolution procedures. If an arbitration is dismissed because a party willfully failed to comply with these informal dispute resolution procedures, the arbitrator may order the non-compliant party to pay any arbitration filing fees and costs incurred by the other party as a result of the willful failure to comply.

20. BINDING ARBITRATION; JURY TRIAL AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER; OPT-OUT RIGHTS

PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. IT AFFECTS YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS IN CONNECTION WITH RESOLUTION OF ANY DISPUTES BETWEEN US, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT AND HAVE A JURY TRIAL.


Application. You and we agree and acknowledge that these Terms affect interstate commerce and that the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1 et seq., governs the interpretation and enforcement of these arbitration provisions. This Section entitled “Binding Arbitration; Jury Trial and Class Action Waiver; Opt-Out Rights” (hereinafter, the “Arbitration Clause”) is intended to be interpreted broadly and governs any dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of the parties’ relationship with each other and/or your use of or access to the Platform, including, but not limited to (i) claims based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory; (ii) claims that arose before these Terms or any prior agreement, or that may arise after the termination of these Terms (unless superseded by subsequently agreed Terms); and (iii) any claim or controversy as to arbitrability (collectively, “Disputes”). In addition, if you are a California resident, this Arbitration Clause governs only claims arising out of or relating to these Terms, including your use of Services governed by these Terms.

Exceptions. Notwithstanding the parties’ decision to resolve all Disputes through arbitration, the following claims are not subject to arbitration and may be brought in the appropriate court or tribunal:


Intellectual Property Claims. Either party may bring enforcement actions, validity determinations, or claims arising from or relating to theft, piracy, or unauthorized use of intellectual property in state or federal court with jurisdiction or in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to protect its intellectual property rights. “Intellectual property rights” means patents, copyrights, moral rights, trademarks, and trade secrets, but does not include privacy or publicity rights. 
Small Claims. Either party may seek relief in a small claims court for Disputes or claims that fall within the jurisdiction and monetary limits of such court, provided such claims are brought on an individual (non-class, non-representative) basis only.
Claims that Cannot be Arbitrated as a Matter of Law. Claims that are not arbitrable as a matter of law shall not be subject to arbitration and may be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction. All other Disputes, including claims for damages or private injunctive relief, remain subject to binding individual arbitration.

Agreement to Binding Individual Arbitration; Rules and Fees. All Disputes shall be finally and exclusively resolved by binding individual arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), and not by lawsuit or resort to court process, except as New York or other applicable state law provides for judicial review of arbitration proceedings. If you are accessing or using the Services in a business or commercial capacity as a Vendor, the arbitrable Dispute (“Vendor Dispute”) shall be administered in accordance with the provisions of AAA’s Commercial Arbitration Rules, available at https://‌www.adr.org/‌rules-forms-and-fees/‌commercial/ in effect at the time the arbitration is initiated. If you are accessing or using the Services in an individual consumer capacity as a Member, the arbitrable Dispute (“Member Dispute”) shall be administered in accordance with the provisions of the AAA's Consumer Arbitration Rules, available at https://‌www.adr.org/‌rules-forms-and-fees/‌consumer/, in effect at the time the arbitration is initiated. In all cases, arbitration shall proceed on an individual basis only, and the parties agree to treat the arbitration proceedings and any related discovery confidential. The terms of this Arbitration Clause shall govern in the event they conflict with the rules of the AAA.

Fees and Costs. Each party shall bear its own attorneys’ fees unless otherwise required by applicable law. Arbitration fees and costs shall be allocated in accordance with the applicable arbitration rules referenced above. For Member Disputes, TKWW will pay the portion of the initial case opening fees (if any) that exceeds the filing fee to file the case in a court of competent jurisdiction embracing the location of the arbitration.

Multiple Similar Demands for Arbitration. In the event that fifty (50) or more similar arbitration demands are filed against us or our affiliates by or on behalf of any Users represented either by the same or coordinated counsel or otherwise involve common questions of law or fact, then the arbitration shall be administered in accordance with AAA’s then-current Mass Arbitration Supplementary Rules, available at https://‌www.adr.org/‌industries/‌mass-arbitration/‌#rules-forms-and-fees, or other applicable mass-arbitration procedures of the AAA, in addition to the otherwise applicable AAA arbitration rules specified above. The parties hereby agree that AAA shall have discretion to determine whether such demands constitute mass or coordinated arbitration and to apply batching, staging, bellwether, fee-administration, or other procedures consistent with its rules.  The parties agree that nothing herein converts traditional, individual, bilateral arbitrations into representative or class arbitrations.

Arbitrator’s Powers. The arbitrator (and not any federal, state, or local court or agency) shall have exclusive authority to resolve all Disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, waiver, or formation of these Terms (including this Arbitration Clause), including, but not limited to, any claim that all or any part of the Arbitration Clause is void or voidable, to the extent permitted by applicable law, except with respect to the paragraph entitled “Class Action Waiver, Class Arbitration Waiver, Waiver of Public Injunctive Relief” below, the enforceability of which can only be determined by a court.  Such Disputes may include, but are not limited to, any claim that all or any part of these Terms is void or voidable, whether a claim is subject to arbitration, or the question of waiver by litigation conduct. The arbitrator will have the authority to award, on an individual basis, monetary damages and any non-monetary remedy or relief available to an individual under applicable law, the arbitral forum’s rules, and these Terms (including this Arbitration Clause). The arbitrator shall follow applicable law and has the same authority to award individual relief as a judge in a court of law. The arbitrator will issue a written statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which any award (or decision not to render an award) is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded. The arbitrator’s decision and any award shall be final and binding only among the parties and shall have no preclusive effect in any other arbitration or other proceeding involving a different party. For the sake of clarification only, rulings in arbitrations involving TKWW and other Users have no preclusive effect in any arbitration between TKWW and you, and the arbitrator shall not give binding effect, as against either TKWW or you, to any decision or award rendered in any other arbitration proceeding involving a different party.

If the arbitration involves a request for an injunction or a monetary award that exceeds $1,000,000 (one million dollars), then either party shall have the right to appeal that award to an arbitration appellate panel. The notice of appeal must be served, in writing, on the opposing party within fourteen (14) days after the award has become final. AAA shall administer the appeal consistent with the AAA Optional Appellate Arbitration Rules, available at https://‌go.adr.org/‌rs/‌294-SFS-516/‌images/‌AAA154_Optional_Appellate_Rules_Overview.pdf.

Venue. If you are accessing or using the Services in a business or commercial capacity as a Vendor, any arbitration shall take place in New York, New York, unless you and we agree otherwise.

If you are accessing or using the Services in an individual consumer capacity as a Member and reside in the United States, any arbitration shall take place in New York, New York, or, at your election, in the metropolitan statistical area (as defined by the U.S. Census Bureau) in which you reside at the time the arbitration is initiated, unless you and we agree otherwise.

If you reside outside the United States, any arbitration shall be initiated in New York, New York, United States, and you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in New York solely for purposes of compelling arbitration, staying proceedings pending arbitration, or confirming, modifying, vacating, or entering judgment on the arbitration award.

Class Action Waiver; Class Arbitration Waiver; Waiver of Public Injunctive Relief. The parties further agree that any litigation or arbitration shall be conducted in their individual capacities only and not as a class, collective, or representative action, and the parties expressly waive their right to file or participate in a class action, class arbitration, or other representative proceeding. If any court or arbitrator determines that the class action/class arbitration waiver set forth in this subsection is unenforceable with respect to a particular claim or form of relief, that determination shall apply only to such claim or relief, and the remainder of this Arbitration Clause shall remain in full force and effect. Notwithstanding any other provision in the Terms, any claim that all or part of the waivers set forth in this paragraph are unenforceable, unconscionable, inapplicable, void, or voidable, or waived may be determined only by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator. This provision does not prevent you or us from settling claims on a class, collective, or representative basis. To the extent permitted by law (after taking into account FAA preemption), the parties waive the right to seek public injunctive relief. If the right to seek public injunctive relief cannot be waived, and a party seeks public injunctive relief in any form, then that request for public injunctive relief (and only that request for public injunctive relief) shall be severed from the rest of any claim (including any other relief or remedies associated with that claim) and any other claims in the action. The severed request for public injunctive relief shall be resolved in court after the arbitration of the remainder of the claim associated with that request for public injunctive relief and any other claims in the action.

Jury Trial Waiver. To the extent permitted by law, if a dispute proceeds in court rather than arbitration, each party waives the right to a jury trial and agrees to have the dispute decided by a judge.

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT BOTH PARTIES ARE GIVING UP THEIR CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHT, IF ANY, TO HAVE SUCH DISPUTE DECIDED IN A COURT OF LAW BEFORE A JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT, CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION, OR ANY OTHER REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.

30-Day Right to Opt Out. You have the right to opt out of arbitration and not be bound by the binding arbitration and class action waiver provisions set forth above by sending written notice of your decision to opt out to The Knot Worldwide Inc. at arbitrationtou@theknotww.com within thirty (30) days of: (i) your initial acceptance of the Terms or first use of the Services that are subject to this substantive version of the Arbitration Clause; and/or (ii) our notice of any material changes to the Arbitration Clause. Your written notice should include the subject line, “ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER OPT-OUT” and contain the following information: (i) your name; (ii) your email address; (iii) your mailing address; and (iv)  a statement of your wish not to resolve disputes with us through arbitration and waive your right to participate in class adjudication. Any attempt to opt out by any method other than the one listed above will be ineffective. Each opt-out notice must be sent by you, and not by any agent or representative. No Users (or their agent or representative) may effectuate an opt-out on behalf of other Users.

An opt-out will become effective as of the date we receive the opt-out notice, and any Disputes that arise before that date shall remain subject to arbitration in accordance with the last applicable arbitration clause agreed to by the parties, if any. If you opt out of this Arbitration Clause, all other parts of these Terms (including the jury trial waiver) shall remain in full force and effect and continue to apply to you. Opting out of this Arbitration Clause has no effect on any other arbitration agreements that you may have entered into with us or may enter into in the future with us.

Changes to the Arbitration Clause. We will provide you with reasonable notice of any material changes to this Arbitration Clause by posting notice on the Services or informing you via email, and complying with any other applicable legal notice or consent requirements. You will have thirty (30) days from the date of such notice to opt out of binding arbitration and the class action waiver, as outlined above.

Severability. If a court or arbitrator determines that any provision or subsection of this Arbitration Clause is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable for any reason, such provision or subsection shall be severed and the remainder of this Arbitration Clause shall remain in full force and effect to the maximum extent permitted by law. The parties intend that this Arbitration Clause be enforced to the fullest extent possible, and that any unenforceable provision or subsection be modified or severed only to the extent necessary to permit enforcement of the Arbitration Clause as so modified.

Survival. This Arbitration Clause shall survive any termination of your use of the Services until the expiration of all applicable statutes of limitations.   

21. Claims of Copyright Infringement — DMCA Notice

We take claims of copyright infringement seriously and will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with applicable law. If you believe any materials accessible on or from the Services infringe your copyright, you may request removal of those materials from the Services by submitting written notification to our Copyright Agent (designated below).

In accordance with the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512) (“DMCA”) the written notice (the “DMCA Notice”) must include substantially the following:


Your physical or electronic signature.
Identification of the copyrighted work you believe to have been infringed or, if the claim involves multiple works on the Services, a representative list of such works.
Identification of the material you believe to be infringing in a sufficiently precise manner to allow us to locate that material.
Adequate information by which we can contact you (including your name, postal address, telephone number and, if available, email address).
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law.
A statement that the information in the written notice is accurate.
A statement, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.

Completed notices should be sent by email to: copyright@theknotww.com or by mail at: The Knot Worldwide Inc., Attn: Legal Department, Two Wisconsin Circle, 3rd Floor, Chevy Chase, MD 20815.

If you fail to comply with all of the requirements of Section 512(c)(3) of the DMCA, your DMCA Notice may not be effective. Please be aware that if you knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity on the Services is infringing your copyright, you may be held liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) under Section 512(f) of the DMCA.

If you believe that material you posted on the Services was removed or access to it was disabled by mistake or misidentification, you may file a counter-notification with us (a “Counter-Notice”) by submitting written notification to our copyright agent (identified below). Pursuant to the DMCA, the Counter-Notice must include substantially the following:


Your physical or electronic signature.
An identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access disabled.
Adequate information by which we can contact you (including your name, postal address, telephone number and, if available, email address).
A statement under penalty of perjury by you that you have a good faith belief that the material identified above was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled.
A statement that you will consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located (or if you reside outside the United States for any judicial district in which the Services may be found) and that you will accept service from the person (or an agent of that person) who provided the Services with the complaint at issue.

Completed Counter-Notices should be sent by email to copyright@theknotww.com or by mail to:

The Knot Worldwide Inc. Attn: Legal Department, Two Wisconsin Circle, 3rd Floor, Chevy Chase, MD 20815.

The DMCA allows us to restore the removed content if the party filing the original DMCA Notice does not file a court action against you within ten business days of receiving the copy of your Counter-Notice. If you knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity on the Services was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification, you may be held liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) under Section 512(f) of the DMCA. It is our policy in appropriate circumstances to disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who are repeat infringers.


22. Removal of Nonconsensual Intimate Visual Depictions (Take It Down Act)


We are committed to helping individuals remove nonconsensual intimate visual depictions shared on our platform.

If you believe that an image or video posted on our services depicts you in an intimate manner and was shared without your consent, you (or an authorized person acting on your behalf) may submit a removal request by emailing removals@theknotww.com.


Your request must be submitted in writing and include:
Your physical or electronic signature (or that of your authorized representative);
Information reasonably sufficient for us to locate the content on our platform;
A brief statement, made in good faith, that the depicted content is nonconsensual, along with any applicable relevant supporting information; and
Contact information sufficient for us to communicate with you regarding your request.

Upon receiving a valid removal request, we will address accordingly. We may request additional information if needed to process your request. Submitting a request under this process will not affect any other rights or remedies you may have under applicable law.


23. Linked Websites


The Services may contain links to other websites or to third-party sellers of products and services. Such links are provided for your convenience only. You access such links at your own risk. We are not responsible for, and do not endorse, the content of any such sites, or the products and services sold on them. We are not responsible for the availability or accuracy of the content on such sites. When you visit a linked site, you should read the terms of use and privacy policy that govern that particular linked website.

24. General Provisions


Section Headings. The section headings used herein are for convenience only and shall not be given any legal import.
Changes. We retain the right to revise our Services, product and/or service offerings, including the tools made available to you, at any time for any reason including without limitation to comply with any applicable law or regulation. You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any such modification, suspension or discontinuance.
No Agency. You hereby agree and acknowledge that your provision of services and/or your use of the Services, does not confer or imply any contractor (independent or otherwise), agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchisor-franchisee relationship with us and furthermore that no affiliation, association or connection exists between you and us. In no event shall you have authority to bind, commit, contract for, or otherwise obligate us in any manner whatsoever.
Electronic Communications. The communications between you and us via the Services use electronic means, whether you visit the Services or send us an email, or whether we post notices on the Services or communicate with you via email. For contractual purposes, you consent to receive communications from us in an electronic form, and you agree that all terms and conditions, agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications would satisfy if it were in writing. The foregoing does not affect your non-waivable rights.
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. These Terms are not intended to benefit any third party, and do not create any third-party rights or remedies. Accordingly, these Terms may only be invoked or enforced by you or us.
No Assignment. These Terms are personal to you and you may not assign them to anyone.
No Modification by Trade Usage/Prior Course of Dealing. These Terms may not be modified, supplemented, qualified, or interpreted by any trade usage or prior course of dealing not made a part of these Terms by its express terms.
Failure to Enforce. Our failure to enforce at any time any of the provisions of these Terms, to exercise any election or option provided herein, or to require at any time the performance of any of the provisions herein will not in any way be construed as a waiver of such provisions.
Unenforceability. If any provision of these Terms is found to be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from these Terms and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
Prevailing Terms. To the extent of any conflict between the defined terms in these Terms and any other document made a part of these Terms, the defined terms of these Terms shall prevail except as otherwise stated in the other document.
Entire Agreement. These Terms and any additional terms and conditions that are referenced herein or otherwise may apply to specific areas of the Services, constitute the entire agreement between us and you with respect to the Services. 

25. Beta Terms 

We may provide Users with access to features identified as beta, preview, or experimental (“Beta Features”). Beta Features are provided “as is,” may be modified or discontinued at any time, may be less reliable or accurate, and may be subject to additional terms. We disclaim all warranties related to Beta Features to the maximum extent permitted by law.

26. Artificial Intelligence 

a. Use Requirements and Restrictions

(i) Use of Services. You may access, and we grant you a non-exclusive right to use any artificial intelligence tools incorporated into the Services, including, but not limited to, artificial intelligence features designed to assist you in planning your wedding, which may include any Beta Features that constitute or incorporate artificial intelligence tools (collectively, the “AI Features”) according to these Terms. You will comply with these Terms and all applicable laws when using the AI Features. We may modify, suspend, or terminate your access to the AI Features at any time for any reason including, but not limited to, safety, legal, quality, or operational reasons. 

(ii)  Restrictions. You may not: (i) use the AI Features in a way that infringes, misappropriates or violates any person’s rights, including by (a) providing Input (as defined below) that violates any such rights or is intended, or would reasonably be expected, to generate Output (as defined below) that does so or (b) using Output in a manner that violates any third party rights, these Terms, our Usage Policy, or applicable laws; (ii) direct the AI Features to generate Output that is harmful, offensive, discriminatory or misleading; (iii) reverse assemble, reverse compile, decompile, translate or otherwise attempt to discover the underlying components of the AI Features (except to the extent such restrictions are contrary to applicable law); (iv) use Output from the AI Features to develop models that compete with TKWW; (v) use any automated or programmatic method to extract data or output from the AI Features, including scraping, web harvesting, or web data extraction; (vi) use the AI Features to promote spamming, chain letters, or other unsolicited communications;  (vi) misrepresent that the Output from the AI Features was human-generated, or approved or endorsed by TKWW or its subcontractors; or (vii) provide Input that includes sensitive personal information, as defined by applicable privacy laws, including, but not limited to, personal information of children under the age of thirteen (13).


(iii) Third Party Products. The AI Features may link to, make available, provide, or incorporate third party products, services, websites, data, software or source code, including without limitation third party artificial intelligence and machine learning programs, large language models, third party applicable programming interfaces and software integrations, open source software and licensed data sources, and/or you may otherwise have access to such third party software, services or other products through your use of the AI Features (collectively, “Third Party Products”).  Any Third Party Products you use in connection with the AI Features are subject to their own terms and privacy policies, and we are not responsible or liable for any such Third Party Products. Accordingly, without limiting our disclaimer of warranties in Section 14 above, TKWW makes no representation as to the accuracy, operation, fitness, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights in or related to such Third Party Products.  While TKWW has no obligation to monitor Third Party Products, TKWW may remove or modify such Third Party Products in its discretion.  


(iv) Feedback. You have no obligation to provide us with feedback, ideas, suggestions, comments or proposals for improvements to the AI Features (“Feedback”). However, if you submit Feedback to us, then you grant us an exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, royalty-free license that is sub-licensable, and transferable, to make, use, sell, have made, offer to sell, import, reproduce, publicly display, distribute, modify, or publicly perform the Feedback in any manner without any obligation, royalty or restriction based on intellectual property rights or otherwise.


b. Ownership and Content

(i) Content. The input is all information, text, audiovisual or other content, prompts, or data you provide to the AI Features (“Input”). The output is all responses, content, text, audiovisual or other content, or suggestion generated and returned by the AI Features based on the Input (“Output”). Input and Output are collectively “Content.”


(ii) Ownership. As between you and TKWW, and to the extent permitted by applicable law, you own all rights, title and interest to the Input and TKWW owns all rights, title, and interest to the Outputs and AI Features. 


(iii) Rights. We grant to you a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license to use the Output in connection with the AI Features or the Services. You grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant to us, an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, fully-paid-up, royalty-free, worldwide license (with the right to sublicense at multiple levels to anyone, including but not limited to, our affiliates and third parties) to use, copy, publicly perform, publicly display, reformat, translate, excerpt (in whole or in part), review, monitor and distribute such Input for any purpose and in any format on or in connection with the Services, our business, or the promotion thereof, to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate such Inputs into other works, and to grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing.


(iv) Responsibility. You are solely responsible for your use of the Content, including for ensuring that it does not violate any restrictions set forth in Section 24(a)(ii) above, and for determining whether Output is appropriate for your use. You agree that any Output does not represent the views of TKWW.  


(v) Similarity of Content. You acknowledge that due to the nature of  artificial intelligence tools, the same or similar Inputs may yield differing Outputs, or alternatively, other Users may use the AI Features to generate Outputs that are the same or similar to your Outputs. 


(vi) Accuracy. Artificial intelligence and machine learning are rapidly evolving fields of study, and all Output is generated by artificial intelligence, including without limitation by using technology provided by third-party subcontractors or other Third Party Products. We are constantly working to improve the AI Features to make them more accurate, reliable, safe, and beneficial. Given the probabilistic nature of machine learning, use of the AI Features may in some situations result in incorrect Output that does not accurately reflect real people, places, or facts. Without limiting our disclaimer of warranties in Section 14 above, TKWW makes no warranty as to the accuracy, completeness or reliability of any Output, or that the Output does not violate third party rights or applicable laws, and disclaims any warranty of non-infringement concerning the same. You should evaluate the accuracy of any Output as appropriate for your use case, including by using human review of the Output. 


c. Agents.  Agents are AI Features that you may direct to take certain actions on your behalf (“Agents”).  These actions are not Output.  Agents may be provided by TKWW or provided by Third Party Products.  You are responsible for your use of Agents, including determining whether any actions Agents may take are appropriate for that use and appropriately supervising such actions.  You may not use Agents in a manner that either violates third party rights of applicable laws or is intended or would reasonably be expected to do so. 


d. Data Usage 


(i) Use. TKWW may use the Content to provide, maintain, train and improve the AI Features and/or the Services, provide new features and services, comply with applicable laws, and enforce our policies. We do not share the Content with third parties for the purposes of model training or for unrelated uses outside of providing the Services.


(ii) Monitoring. TKWW may monitor your use of the AI Features for quality, safety, abuse, and compliance purposes.   


(iii) Memory. The AI Features may have a memory feature that stores the Content to personalize future interactions and improve your experience with the Services. You can disable the memory features by adjusting your settings. Disabling memory will not necessarily remove previously stored Content unless you request deletion according to our Privacy Policy, as applicable.  


(iv) Privacy. Any Content that includes personal information will be processed according to our Privacy Policy.

27. Contact Us


If you have any questions or comments regarding these Terms, you can contact us at policy@theknotww.com. If you have questions about a particular TKWW property, you can also contact us using the property-specific contact information as follows:

policy@theknotww.com
The Knot Shop: mailto:help@theknot.com
The Knot Registry Store: help@theknot.com
WeddingPro: support@weddingpro.com