Privacy Policy - Therap
2027 Therap National Conference
Feb 9 - 10 - 11
Join us in Missouri
Menu
Contact Us
Help & Support
Hiring
Open Positions:
Assistant Business Development Consultant
Support Specialist, Digital Transformation
Support Specialist
View More
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
2025-11-20T08:07:58+00:00
Privacy Policy
Last updated: November 19, 2025
Employee and Job Applicant Privacy Notice for California Residents
|
Therap Privacy Notice for California Residents
Therap Services, LLC – Website Privacy Policy
Therap Services, LLC and its affiliates (collectively, “Therap,” “we,” or “us”) is a web-based service organization that provides an integrated software solution, live help, in person training, and other services (collectively, the “Services”) to assist the documentation, reporting, and communication needs of agencies and companies providing support to people receiving long-term services and support. As such, we understand the importance of your privacy and we take our responsibility to protect it seriously. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes the types of information we collect from you, how we use the information, and certain rights and options you have regarding your information. This Policy applies to information we collect from you through our website (www.therapservices.net), registration or attendance at one of our events or trainings, direct communications and inquiries, and otherwise.
This Policy does not apply to information that our customers collect or process through the Services (e.g., resident or patient information); please contact the relevant customer if you have questions about the processing of your personal information by that customer.
Please review this Policy carefully before providing personal information to us so you understand our privacy practices. By using our website, communicating with us, agreeing to use or have your agency or company use the Services, attending one of our events or trainings, registering to receive information from us, or otherwise providing us with personal information, you consent and agree to our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described this Policy.
We may update this Policy from time to time, including to add disclosures that may be required by newly applicable or changing laws. Please check back often for updates.
Personal Information We May Collect About You
For the purposes of this Policy, “personal information” is any information that identifies or can be used to contact a particular individual. As we are a business-to-business company, the personal information that we typically collect directly from you is limited to the information that can be found on a business card—name, business name, position, address, email address, and telephone number. We also collect information relating to your attendance at events/trainings, inquiries and communications received from you, and your agency or company’s agreement to use the Services. The specific types of personal information we may process include:
Identity information
– first and last name, name of employer
Contact information
– physical address of your employer, email address at your employer, country, and business telephone number.
Employment information
– name of your employer and your position at the employer.
Training and event information
– details about trainings you have registered for or taken, events you have attended, and certifications you have achieved.
Financial data
– bank account number, wire information, and payment card details relating to your business or employer’s payment for its use of the Services.
Transactional data
– details about your company or employer’s agreement to purchase the Services and related services, including modules purchased, payments received, customer service-related inquiries and issues, and other information relating to your company or employer’s use of the Services.
Marketing and communications information
– information regarding any requests for information received from you, your marketing or communication preferences, and your responses to surveys we may provide to receive feedback regarding our services.
Customer communications
– copies of communications or inquiries you have submitted to us, including through email, calls, chat functionalities on our website or digital properties, forms, social media, or other means.
Device, usage, and preference information
– details regarding how and when you use our website, including the device used to connect to the website, your IP address and device identifier, the frequency and duration of your usage, the pages you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the website, and information about your interaction with the website. We also collect information regarding the content viewed and issues queried while on our website or any other digital properties (e.g., articles read or saved, pages visited, information searched for, etc.).
We collect this information when you access, use, or navigate one of our website or other digital properties, fill in forms via one of our website or other digital properties, request information from us, communicate with us (including by phone, email, chat, or otherwise), visit or engage with our social media pages, participate in surveys or sponsored activities, or otherwise provide us with personal information.
If you do not provide us with certain information, then the digital property you are using may not function as intended, or you may not be able to benefit or take advantage of certain features of our products or services.
Where we have an ongoing relationship with you, and any of the data you have provided (e.g., your contact information) is no longer accurate, please inform us of this so we can amend our records accordingly.
Please note that we may aggregate or anonymize the foregoing types of data such that they are no longer capable of identifying you, in which case they are no longer considered “personal information.”
Other Information We Collect From You
Like most website operators, we use various technologies to automatically collect the following types of personal information from and about you:
IP Address or Device Identifier
. When you visit our website, we collect your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, which identifies the computer or service provider that you use to access our website or, if you connect through a mobile device, your mobile device identifier. We may use these identifiers to collect information about the length of time spent on our website or the specific areas visited.
Cookies
. Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user’s experience more efficient. Our website uses different types of cookies to, among other things, automatically recognize you when you return to our website, store information regarding your preferences, personalize content for you, provide social media functionality, and analyze our website traffic. For further information about cookies, including how to refuse cookies, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org. Likewise, to learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. Please note that if cookies are disabled, you may not be able to enjoy certain features of our website. We do not honor “Do Not Track” signals. To see our full Cookie Policy,
Click Here
.
Web beacons and other technologies
. Our website may use other tracking tools, including web beacons, which are small electronic images embedded in web content and email messages that are not ordinarily visible to users. Web beacons allow us to track pages and content accessed and viewed by users, as well as to monitor email readership. We use pixels to track visitors. You can opt out of pixels by adjusting your browser’s cookie settings or adjusting cookie consent options on our website to not accept marketing cookies.
Hotjar
. We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize their website experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users’ experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our website with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices. This includes a device’s IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our website. Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile. Hotjar is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf.
The information collected through these technologies may be combined with personal information or aggregated with other information on website visits.
How We Use Your Information
We use the personal information we collect from you for the following purposes:
To provide the services contracted for by your business or employer;
To provide customer support services, and to verify, investigate, and respond to any claims, problems, or requests you may make relating to the Services;
To provide you with trainings for which you have subscribed;
To register you for and provide you admittance to Therap events at your request;
To provide you with information regarding Therap, the Services, and events and trainings, as well as other information that you may request from us;
To manage customer service issues, including issues relating to the performance of our services and customer feedback;
To administer user profiles for your business or employer in our Services;
To enforce our terms of service or agreement with your company or employer;
To prevent or detect hacking activities, unlawful conduct, security breaches, or safety risks in connection with our website and the Services; To send service announcements and messages;
To aggregate information to generate anonymous statistics regarding use of our website or Services;
To develop, update, and improve our services, including our technologies and software;
To optimize your experience on our website and ensure that our content is presented to you in the most effective manner;
To send you promotional or marketing communications and solicitations, track your marketing preferences, and for our internal marketing purposes;
To create anonymous summaries of reports and other relevant data, including for the purposes of providing reports to governmental agencies responsible for the care of “care recipients”;
To notify you about changes to our website, including material changes to this Policy;
To provide you with surveys or otherwise solicit feedback regarding the Services; and
To perform other functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection or that you otherwise consent to.
Please note that if you signed up to receive promotional emails from us, you may opt out of receiving such communications by following the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the email or by calling 1-866-THERAP-0.
Disclosure of Your Information
When the information we collect is aggregated, anonymized, or otherwise does not identify you, we may use that information for any purpose or disclose it to third parties, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
In addition, we may disclose your personal information in the following circumstances:
To service providers that we use to assist us with administration of our business, including the management and coordination of events and trainings that we host.
To vendors that we use for our contract management and fulfillment processes.
To our third-party marketing service providers that assist us with promotional materials, campaigns, and communications.
To website analytics vendors in order to understand our website traffic and usage patterns, optimize our website, and identify potential new clients.
To third parties that provide the cookies, pixels, and similar technologies on our website.
To our customer relationship management vendors as necessary for customer service and support, sales, marketing, and lead generation.
To our email service provider, who enables us to communicate with you and our other contacts.
To our cloud-hosted server provider(s), who enables us to store, retain, and otherwise process necessary information.
To vendors that provide support for the training services we offer.
To our affiliates, related entities, investors, and advisors, including for the purposes of product development related to our Services.
To governmental or supervisory agencies responsible for the care of care recipients.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
We reserve the right to disclose your information as necessary to comply with a subpoena or similar investigative demand, court order, request for cooperation from law enforcement or other governmental agency, to exercise our legal rights, to defend against legal claims, or as otherwise required by law.
We also reserve the right to disclosure your information to a buyer or other successor prior to or in the event of a merger, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as a part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, where the information is among the assets being transferred.
Your Choices About Collection and Use of Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. As mentioned above, you can opt out of receiving marketing and promotional communications from us.
You can also choose not to provide us with certain information requested through our website, but that may result in you being unable to use certain features of our website, request information about products or services, or initiate other transactions with us.
Depending on your browser or device, you may have the option to set the browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, notify you when a cookie is set, or delete cookies. Each browser and device are different, so we recommend you evaluate the tools and settings available in your browser or device, as well as any available instructions for the same. Please note that if you disable or delete cookies, you may not be able to access or use certain features of our website.
Protection of Your Information
We use appropriate administrative, technical, and physical measures to protect your personal information from loss, theft, and unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification. Please be aware that no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warranty the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the username and password for your Therap website account portal.
Links to Third-Party Websites
Our website may contain links to third-party websites. Such websites have separate privacy policies that you should review. We cannot take responsibility for the content of linked websites or those companies’ data-handling practices.
Additional Information for California Residents
If you reside in California, please see our
Privacy Notice for California Residents
for more information about the rights afforded to you under California law.
International Transfers
Therap is headquartered in the United States and, as a result, the information you provide to us will reside on servers or workstations in the United States or in other jurisdictions where we have affiliates or contracted for services. If your information was collected outside the United States, it may be necessary to transfer your information to the United States or other countries for processing in order to provide you with requested products. You understand and consent that information you provide may be transferred to and processed in the United States and in jurisdictions other than the country in which you may reside. The data protection laws in the United States and other countries may not be the same as the data protection laws in your home country.
Children’s Privacy
Our website is a general audience site and is not directed at, or intended for use by, children under the age of 13 years. Accordingly, we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under age 13. Should we discover that a child under the appropriate age provided his or her personal information, we will use that information only to respond to that child and inform him or her that we must have parental consent before receiving such information.
Data Storage and Retention
We keep your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill your requests or the purposes for which it was obtained. The criteria used to determine our retention periods include (i) for as long as we have an ongoing relationship with you, (ii) as required by a legal obligation to which we are subject, and (iii) as necessary to comply with legal obligations.
Changes to this Policy
Please note that we may change this Policy from time to time. While we always aim to provide complete and transparent information about how we process your personal information, we reserve the right to amend or update this Policy from time to time or to create additional policies in order to accurately reflect changed circumstances or new legal requirements. If there are changes to our Policy, we will post them here and update the “Last Updated” date at the top of this document. Continued use of this website after any changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes. Accordingly, we encourage you to check the Policy periodically for updates.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Policy or our information-handling practices, please contact:
Therap Services, LLC
Attn: Privacy Department
Address: 333 Kennedy Drive, Suite R101, Torrington, CT 06790-3060, USA.
Phone: 1-866-THERAP-0
Email: privacypolicies@therapservices.net
Page load link
This website uses cookies that help the website function and allow us to analyse how you interact with it.  Learn more about how we use cookies to provide you with an improved user-experience with our
Cookie Policy (Click Here)
. By continuing to use the site, we will assume that you accept the use of cookies.
Accept Cookies
Go to Top