Terms and Conditions |
WELCOME TO OUR TERMS – Effective date Friday, January 2, 2026
These terms and conditions (“
Terms
”) are designed to provide you with information about how you may access our websites,
https://www.thesun.co.uk/
;
www.thesun.ie
; and
www.thescottishsun.co.uk
(“
Websites
”), and interact with various services that we offer, including features, content, mobile apps, subscriptions, competitions, prize draws, and/or other promotional schemes or activities (“
Services
”).
There may be different parts of these Terms which apply to you depending on (a) what Services you are using; and (b) whether you are a subscriber to one or more of our Services.
An introduction to our Terms is set out below and you can navigate to the relevant Terms that apply by following the links in the ‘Navigating our Terms’ section to find out which Terms apply to you.
Please make sure to read these Terms carefully as they govern your and our rights, obligations and responsibilities when accessing or using our Websites and/or Services. By registering for, accessing and/or using any part of the Websites and/or Services, you agree that you have understood and accepted these Terms, which form a binding contract between you and us.  If you do not agree with these Terms, you should not access or use our Websites and/or Services.
References in these Terms to: (i) “
we
”; “
us
”; “
our
” refers to The Sun, The Irish Sun and The Scottish Sun of News Group Newspapers Limited (NGN), whose registered office is at 1 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9GF, the holding company of NGN and any subsidiary from time to time of NGN or its holding company; and (ii) “
you
”; “
your
” refers to you, a person who is a user of our Websites, or our apps and/or, as the case applies, as the user of/subscriber to any of our Services (as defined in these Terms).
Parts 1,2,3,4,5 of these Terms together form a binding agreement between us and should be read as one.
NAVIGATING OUR TERMS
Introduction to our Terms
PART 1 –
WEBSITE AND SERVICES TERMS OF USE
PART 2 –
COMMUNITY GUIDELINES
PART 3 –
SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES
General Terms
(which apply to all Subscription Services)
Sun Club
Sun Digital Newspaper
PART 4 –
PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY
PART 5 –
PROMOTIONAL ACTIVITIES
(giveaways, competitions, prize draws, promotions etc.)
General Terms
(which apply to all Promotional Activities)
Sun Savers
Dream Team
INTRODUCTION TO OUR TERMS
Our
Website and Services Terms of Use
sets out how you can access our Websites and our Services, including details concerning user registration. You can find our
Websites and Services Terms
of use under
PART 1
of these Terms. Among other important information,
PART 1
describes:
how our Websites and Services are made available on an ad-supported basis and how you can pay to reject personalised or targeted advertising (Part 1, Sections A and B);
how you can create your Account and what happens if your Account is not kept secure (Part 1, Section D);
rules around how you may and may not use our Websites and Services, including use of all content (Part 1, Sections E to H);
when we may make changes to our Websites, Services and/or these Terms (Part 1, Section I);
our right to change the price for our Subscription Services (Part 1, Section I);
a disclaimer around the uptime of our Services and Websites (Part 1, Section K).
our liability to you, and when our liability is limited or excluded (Part 1, Section L); and
your obligation to compensate us if you materially or repeatedly breach these Terms or if you unlawfully access our Services or Websites (Part 1, Section M).
Please read PART 1 carefully.
Our
Community Guidelines
under
PART 2
of these Terms sets out information about our approach to community interaction; eligibility for using our Services and Websites; what users may and may not do when using our Websites and/or Services and the consequences of not complying with these requirements; and how we moderate your content, such as comments made in relation to our articles.
Please read
PART 2 carefully.
Subscription Services
. We offer exclusive content and other features for our subscribed members via one or more of our subscription Services (“
Subscription Services
”). If you wish to access content and features available on any of our Subscription Services, you may be required to agree to additional Terms. Among other important information, you can find out more details about the applicable
Subscription Services
under
PART 3
of these Terms which includes: how to pay for and manage your Subscription Service (Part 3, Section A); our right to change the price for our Subscription Services;  how to cancel your Subscription Service and what happens if you do not make a payment for your Subscription Service (Part 3, Section A (v) and (iv)); and specific terms for a subscription to Sun Club and the Sun Digital Newspaper, (Part 3, Sections B to D).
Please read PART 3 carefully.
Our
Privacy Policy & Cookie Policy
sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us and information about how your use of our Services is monitored so that we are able to improve your user experience. You can find our
Privacy Policy & Cookie Policy
under
PART 4
of these Terms.
Please read our Privacy Policy & Cookie Policy carefully.
Promotional Activities.
If you wish to take part in any promotional activities or products that we operate from time to time, including our ‘Dream Team’ and ‘Sun Savers’ promotional products, you agree to our ‘
Promotional Activities
’ terms, which you can find under
PART 5
of these Terms. Each promotional activity may also have specific terms and conditions which may vary as they apply to each individual promotional activity. All terms and conditions as they relate to such promotional activity (including any variations to our ‘Promotional Activities’ terms) will be made available to you in relation to the applicable promotional activity and at the relevant time of the promotional activity. The Terms under
PART 5
are intended to provide you with a general understanding about how we undertake our promotional activities from time to time or, as the case applies, to our specific promotional activities, including any limitations on prizes or limitations on participating in a promotional activity.
Please read PART 5 carefully.
If you have any questions or queries concerning our Terms, you can speak to our Customer Services Team via
https://help.thesun.co.uk/
or contact our Customer Services team on 0207 860 1129. Lines are open 10am to 5pm Mon-Fri & 8am to 4pm Weekends and Bank Holidays (UK local time).
If you are resident in the EEA, national consumer laws may provide you with a legal guarantee that the Services will be in legal conformity at the time of supply and during the life of our contract with you. Under this legal guarantee, we will be liable for any lack of conformity of the Services and you may have a right under your local laws to: (a) have the Services brought back into conformity; (b) a proportionate refund; or (c) terminate the contract.
PART 1 – WEBSITE AND SERVICES TERMS OF USE
The terms set out in this
PART 1
apply when using any of our Websites and/or our Services.
A. ACCESSING OUR SERVICES
Whilst you can browse our Websites for free, certain parts of our Websites and/or Services may not be available to you unless you download certain software (e.g., our related apps) or content or unless you are a registered user and/or subscriber to one or more of our Subscription Services.
You are free to access:
The Websites, and
The Sun mobile app (available on the App Store or Google Play stores).
Whilst we will do our best to make all content available to all users of our Services, some content may not be available to users from certain countries.
Whilst you do not need to register an Account (defined in PART 1 Section D below) or subscribe to our Services to view or access certain content on our Websites or apps, if you are a user of our Websites, apps, and/or Services, you agree that, by using such Websites and/or Services, we and our third party affiliates may provide advertising and other information to you. Accordingly, our Websites and/or Services may be made available to you on a ‘ad-supported’ basis. This means that you may come across certain third party sponsored content, advertising banners and/or advertorials when accessing or using our Websites, apps, and/or Services. We also use cookies and associated tracking technologies to provide personalised advertising on our Websites and/or apps in accordance with our Cookie Policy (details of which you can find in PART 4
here
). This personal advertising helps us generate revenue and support our business so that we may continue providing certain content for your enjoyment at no additional cost to you.
B. PAY TO REJECT (PERSONALISED AND TARGET ADVERTISING)
If you do not wish to see personalised or targeted advertising when using our Websites and/or Services, then we provide the option for users to view our content without such personalised advertising in exchange for a monthly fee. This means that you can choose to either: (i) accept our use of cookies, including for personalised advertising, and associated tracking technologies; or (ii) reject our use of cookies for personalised advertising and pay a fee to access the content without personalised advertising (“
Pay to Reject Access
”).
When you sign up for Pay to Reject Access, you will need to:
follow the online steps to set up an account and provide a valid payment method, which you can do here:
https://ptr.thesun.co.uk/
; and
provide initial payment and authorise us to receive recurring payments automatically from your chosen payment method in accordance with the billing schedule agreed during the sign-up process until you cancel prior to the next applicable payment date, following which you will no longer be charged.
Pay to Reject Access does not mean that you will not see any advertising when browsing our Websites and/or Services and such ‘non-personalised’ or ‘non-targeted’ advertising may still be viewable on our Websites, apps and/or Services. Pay to Reject Access means that you will not see
personalised or targeted advertising
from the use of cookies and associated tracking technologies when browsing our Websites or using our Services. We recommend that you visit our FAQ page on Pay to Reject Access for more details
https://help.thesun.co.uk/article/the-sun-pay-to-reject-faqs
.
Pay to Reject Access is separate to any of our Subscription Services, which will be charged separately and in addition to any Subscription Service(s) you have purchased from time to time. You can cancel your Pay to Reject Access by logging into your Pay to Reject Account and selecting the ‘Cancel Pay to Reject membership’ button on the account page. If you do so within 14 days of purchase, we  will refund any payments received from you using the same method of payment that you used for your purchase. If you send us a notice of cancellation any later than 14 days following your purchase, cancellation will only take effect at the end of your current billing cycle, and you will not be entitled to a refund.
C. SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES
The following products or Services are not included in our free offering and are subject to additional membership terms (see
PART  3 –
Subscription Services
for more details):
Sun Club
Sun Digital Newspaper Membership
D. ACCOUNT CREATION AND SECURITY
You can register an account with us at no cost via our Websites and apps.
By creating your account (“
Account
”), we may ask you to provide us with certain information, such as your name and email address. This information is processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy
www.newsprivacy.co.uk
and may be used to provide you with: (i) information about our Services; (ii) updates to our Websites, apps and/or Services; (iii) notifications about exclusive content or promotional activities offered to our registered members.
Registration of your Account does not grant access to our Subscription Services, which is only made available to you upon purchase of a subscription to the relevant Subscription Service in accordance with the applicable Terms (which you can find under
PART 3 –
Subscription Services
). If you have purchased a Subscription Service, you can manage your subscriptions via your Account.
You should receive an email to confirm the creation of your Account, which you may need to verify by entering the code emailed to your provided email address before accessing your Account. If you have any issues accessing your Account, please notify us at help@thesun.co.uk and we will see what we can do to help.
It is your responsibility to keep your Account details private and confidential, and to maintain true, accurate and complete information concerning your Account, including any payment details as applicable to a Subscription Service. If we reasonably believe that you have provided materially inaccurate, incomplete or misleading information, we have the right to suspend or terminate your access to any of our Services, including Subscription Services. We’ll attempt to contact you in advance of any suspension or termination to give you a reasonable opportunity to rectify the issue, unless we need to act immediately (for example, to prevent fraud, protect security or comply with our legal obligations).
You should not share your Account details with anyone or allow any other person or entity to access or use your Account, for example, by sharing your username and password to your Account with third parties. If you believe your Account has been compromised, you must notify us immediately by contacting us at:
help@thesun.co.uk
. If your Account has been compromised (unless this is as a result of our failure to exercise reasonable care and skill) or if we have reason to believe that that you are sharing your Account details with third parties, we reserve the right to (i) disable your Account until further notice to you; and (ii) exercise any other rights or remedies we may have in these Terms, including our right to terminate your Account.
E. USING OUR WEBSITES AND SERVICES
We grant our users a limited licence to access and use our Websites and Services subject to the following restrictions, namely you agree that you shall not:
use our Websites and/or Services other than for personal, private and non-commercial purposes;
register multiple email addresses or create multiple Accounts;
use, share, or otherwise exploit the Websites and/or Services, or any content appearing on the Websites and/or Services, for any commercial, business, or monetised purpose (this does not apply to any ‘user generated content’ created and posted by you, in which you retain ownership rights);
access parts of the Websites and/or Services to which you are not authorized or attempt to circumvent any restrictions imposed on your use of or access to the Websites and/or Services;
use the Websites and/or Services in any way that is unlawful, improper, or fraudulent; that is defamatory, threatening, abusive, pornographic, objectionable; or which advocates bigotry, hatred, or discrimination;
reproduce, duplicate, publish, copy, share, or re-sell any part of the Websites and/or Services (this does not apply to ‘user generated content’, in which you retain ownership rights, and you may: (i) share links to content appearing on the Websites and/or Services on social media platforms and similar online services for personal, non-commercial purposes only; and (ii) use the social sharing functionality we have built into the Services (such as ‘share’ buttons);
extract any data or metadata from the Websites and/or Services or any content on/available via the Websites and/or Services (including by means of so-called “scraping” or using “crawlers”);
use any content, data or information (including associated metadata) from the Websites and/or Services for any machine learning or artificial intelligence (AI) purposes, including, but not limited to, developing, building, training, fine tuning, or grounding or otherwise utilizing in any large language models (LLMs), machine learning tools, or generative AI systems;
use the Websites and/or Services in a way that could damage, disable, overburden, impair or compromise our systems or security or interfere with other users;
circumvent any digital rights management software or geo-blocking software (including by the use of a VPN or other similar technologies to mask your location);
incorporate the Websites and/or Services into another service or website;
transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of the Websites and/or Services;
access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt (a) any part of the Websites and/or Services; (b) any equipment or network on which the Websites or Services is stored; (c) any software used in the provision of the Websites and/or Services; or (d) any equipment, network or software owned or used by any third party; or
alter, delete or conceal any copyright, trade mark, service mark or other notices contained within our content or Websites and/or Services.
If we discover or reasonably believe that you are not complying with these Terms, including our Community Guidelines, we have the right to reject your Account registration, suspend your Account, or terminate your Account and/or your Subscription Service.
F. OUR CONTENT
Our content includes any text, files, images, graphics, photos, video, sounds, musical works, or any other material that we post or publish on our Websites or through our Services, including trade marks, copyright, patents, logos, domain names and other related intellectual property rights or other features of our brand belong to us or to our licensors. Your use of our Websites and/or Services does not grant you any rights in our, and/or our licensors’, content including any intellectual property rights in that content whether for commercial or non-commercial use.
You may not use, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, or modify our trade marks in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on the Websites and/or Services without our prior written consent. You shall not use our name or any language, pictures or symbols which could, in our judgment, imply our endorsement in any manner, without prior written consent.
G. THIRD PARTY CONTENT
Where our Websites and/or Services contain links to other websites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. Such links should not be interpreted as approval or endorsement by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.
Where any third party content is included as part of our Websites and/or Services, such content is licensed to you in accordance with these Terms.
If we provide any links to other websites or resources, please make sure to read any terms and conditions that may apply before you access and/or use any third party service.
H. USER GENERATED CONTENT
Where we have made it available, users of our Websites and/or Services may submit, post and/or upload content (including comments and pictures) to certain parts of our Websites and/or Services that allow for interactive engagement (e.g., comment sections to articles). In posting your content on our Websites and/or Services, you confirm to us that you are the owner or have the consent from the owner to post the content and it does not violate the privacy rights, copyright, intellectual property rights, contract rights or any other rights of any person.
By submitting content, you grant us a non-exclusive (i.e. you can still license your content to others), transferable (i.e. we can give the rights you give us to someone else), sub-licensable (i.e. we can give licences to your content to others), perpetual (i.e. forever), royalty free (i.e. we don’t pay you for the licence) worldwide licence to use any of the content on or in connection with our Websites and/or Services. We do not claim any ownership rights in your content and you continue to retain all ownership rights in your content.
By submitting content, you also confirm that you have read and agree to our Community Guidelines which apply to your content.
We do not endorse your content, or the content of journalists employed by us, and we do not guarantee the accuracy or authority of your content. We reserve the right to remove your content, at any time, if we discover or determine (acting reasonably) that your content is not compliant with these Terms, including our Community Guidelines.
If you believe that your rights have been infringed in relation to your content or that content posted by other users is in breach of these above rules, contact help@thesun.co.uk with details of the complaint and we will investigate the issue.
I. MODIFICATIONS TO OUR WEBSITES AND SERVICES AND CHANGES TO OUR TERMS
As it is our policy to continually improve our products and Services, we may change specifications of our Websites and/or Services from time to time. We may also modify these Terms, including our ‘
Community Guidelines
’ under
PART 2
to address changes to our Websites and/or Services, to remain compliant with relevant laws and/or regulations, for security purposes, and/or to reflect changes in our business practices or operations.
Where we make any
material
modifications to our Websites, Services and/or these Terms, we will provide you with reasonable advance notice of such changes through a notification via the Website(s) and apps or by emailing you, including details of any implications of such changes to you (e.g., details of any price increases to our Subscription Services). If you continue to access our Websites and/or use our Services after any such material changes to our Services and/or revised Terms take effect, then we will deem such changes and/or revised Terms accepted by you. If you do not agree to any modifications to our Services or our Terms, you may, at any time, close your Account and cancel any applicable subscriptions to our Subscription Services – see ‘
How can I cancel my subscription
?’ for more details
.
If you cancel your subscription because you do not agree to any changes we have made to our Services and/or our Terms (e.g., subscription fee increases), no further payments will be taken from you after the end of your then-current monthly or annual billing period (as applicable) and you will continue to have access to your subscription until the end of such period. If you have purchased an annual subscription, any changes to our fees will not take effect until the renewal of your then-current subscription period unless and until you cancel your subscription before such renewal takes place.
We may change, remove, suspend or discontinue any aspect of our Websites and/or Services at any time including the availability of any content (e.g. a community forum may be withdrawn). This might be because we have received a third party complaint over certain content published via our Websites and/or Services or because we have chosen to close a particular Website or Service that we offer. If we are discontinuing a Subscription Service, you will be eligible for a refund for the applicable period that you have not received access to such Subscription Service but which you have paid for in advance. See the heading ‘
Can I get a refund for any subscription fees paid?
’ under
PART 3
for more details. You can contact us if you have any questions or would like more information at help@thesun.co.uk. The Websites and/or Services may be temporarily unavailable where we are undertaking scheduled maintenance, improvements and/or updates.
Please ensure that you check our terms of use frequently as they may be updated.
J. COSTS OF USING OUR SERVICES
You are solely responsible for any internet, mobile data and/or other internet connection charges relating to accessing or using our Websites and/or Services.
If there are any additional charges associated with using any of our Websites and/or Services, for example, any charges for downloading or accessing certain content or any telephone call charges to us or to any of our service providers, we will make it clear that such charges apply, and you will be responsible for such charges at the point you chose to incur them.
K. DISCLAIMER
We will always aim to provide you with the best service we can and provide our Websites and Services to you in all material respects in accordance with our contractual commitments.
We cannot promise or guarantee that all content on our Websites or made available via our Services will always be 100% accurate as, for example, some of it may relate to user generated content or third party content. Whilst we take every reasonable care to ensure that all information is accurate and complete, we are unable to guarantee the accuracy of such user generated content or third party content as we do not have control over it.
Before relying on any information from our user content or third party content, we advise you to verify the accuracy of such information.
Although we do our best to ensure that our Websites and/or Services are always fully operational, we are not responsible for any problems or temporary interruptions in using our Websites and/or Services arising from factors outside of our control (e.g., technical problems from traffic congestion on the internet) or for any problems arising from participating in or from downloading third party content which you have accessed via a third party site. See below under the heading ‘
Limitation of our liability to you
’
for details on our responsibility to you.
We do not accept responsibility for, and we disclaim any liability in relation to, user generated content posted by you on our Websites or via Service functions.
L. LIMITATION OF OUR LIABILITY TO YOU
Nothing in these Terms excludes or limits our liability to you for (i) death or personal injury caused by our negligence; (ii) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; (iii) breach by us of your statutory rights as a consumer; or (iv) any other liability we may not lawfully exclude or limit.
Subject to the paragraph above, we will not be responsible for and damage or losses suffered by you or any third party arising out of or in any way connected to our breach of these Terms to the extent such damage or loss: is not reasonably foreseeable (loss or damage is foreseeable if either it was obvious that it would happen or if, at the time you used our Websites and/or Services both we and you knew it might happen);
is caused by your breach of these Terms;
is caused by a delay or other event outside our control (as long as we have taken reasonable steps to find a solution by which our obligations under these Terms may be performed despite such events outside of our control);
could have been avoided by taking reasonable action. For example, damage to your digital content or device, which was caused by digital content or software we supplied, and which could have been avoided by following our advice to apply a free update or by correctly following the installation instructions or having the minimum system requirements advised by us; or
relates to your use of our Websites and/or Services for the purposes of your trade, business, craft or profession.
M. YOUR OBLIGATION TO COMPENSATE US
You agree to compensate us against all claims, liability, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees, that we may suffer or incur as a result of your material breach of our Terms, including any infringement of our Community Guidelines, or from your unlawful use of or access to our Websites and/or Services.
N. THIRD PARTIES
None of these Terms as they relate to our Website, Services (including Subscription Services), and/or promotional activities shall be enforceable by any person who is not a party to them either under The Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 or otherwise, unless such party is an affiliate or group company of News Group Newspapers Limited.
O. THE LAW THAT GOVERNS OUR SERVICES
These Terms and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them (including non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and will be subject to the jurisdiction of the English courts. However, if you are a resident of Ireland, these Terms and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them (including non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by and construed in accordance with Irish law and, if you are a resident of Scotland, these Terms and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them (including non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by and construed in accordance with Scottish law. If you are a consumer in the European Union, Scotland or Northern Ireland, you will be entitled to invoke the mandatory consumer protection laws of your country of residence, and/or to bring legal proceedings in the courts of that country.
PART  2 – COMMUNITY GUIDELINES
In addition to the Terms set out above, you agree to use the Services in accordance with our community guidelines that we specify in relation to a Service (“
Community Guidelines
”). All such Community Guidelines shall form part of our Terms. Please be aware that any breach of these Community Guidelines shall be treated as a breach of our Terms.
You must be 18 or over to use our Services. If you are under 18, please stop using our Service.
Images of identifiable individuals under the age of 18 may only be posted by a parent or guardian, or with the explicit permission of the parent or guardian.
These Community Guidelines are here to help users understand what is considered to be acceptable behaviour when using the Services. The rules set out below aim to ensure that users engage with mutual respect, whilst encouraging open discussion.
Our Service is all about you – our readers. We want to engage you and hear your views, and we ask for your participation and vigilance.
If you see something that has been posted by another reader and that you think is inappropriate, please let us know right away by reporting the content as set out below.
These Guidelines are applicable to all users and therefore should be read before posting any content. Content includes all text, software, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, audio-visuals combinations, scripts and other materials that users may post on or through our Services.
Community Guidelines
The Sun welcomes and encourages all readers to interact, comment and share their opinion. However, certain content will not be tolerated if it is not legal or does not add an interesting opinion, value, positivity, knowledge or constructive conversation.
These rules are in place to protect other users of The Sun and improve the community that we are so proud of. By virtue of this, we ask that you post responsibly without violating these Community Guidelines.
You can help us maintain a positive and constructive environment for conversation by flagging content as set out below (see How to report content) that you believe to be in violation of these Community Guidelines. Your reports will be added to our moderation queue. These will be reviewed along with other comments identified by our system as potentially breaching our Community Guidelines.
For ease, we have divided these Community Guidelines into the following sections:
Using your real name
Illegal or harmful content
Other content that will not be tolerated
Tips for posting content
How to report content which breaches these Community Guidelines
How we review content
What happens if you breach these Community Guidelines
1. Using your real name
When posting or engaging with content, you must do so using your real name. This means using both your first name (or a commonly recognised nickname or variation, for example Nick rather than Nicholas) and your last name in full. If you want to add your middle name, or middle initials, you can do so but this is not required.
You are not permitted to use a fake name, nickname or pseudonym.
We ask you to do this so that all users know who they are interacting with. This fosters a safer community, and one in which real conversations and debate can thrive.
Users that do not comply with this may have community access revoked until you switch to your real name.
2. Illegal or harmful content
Illegal or harmful content will not be tolerated and will be deleted without notice at our sole discretion.
Examples of illegal or harmful content includes any content that solicits, promotes, encourages or is by its nature:
Dangerous organisations or individuals. This includes terrorist organisations or individuals, criminal organisations or other organisations or individuals that spread hate against others based on their race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, disability or gender identity or reassignment.
This includes threats or admissions of violence that could lead or have led to death or serious injury or threats or admissions of torture, kidnappings or abductions.
Harm, crime and cruelty. This includes harm or cruelty against people or animals, exposing people to harm, or damage to property such as vandalism or theft.
Human exploitation. This includes human trafficking, sex trafficking, forced marriages and labour abuse or exploitation.
Substance and weapons offences. This includes the unlawful supply or use of drugs or psychoactive substances or any other physically harmful substance, or firearms, knives and other offensive weapons.
Fraud and financial crime. This includes loan, gambling or investment fraud or scams, identity or fake documents fraud or scams or any offences related to handling the proceeds of crime.
Adult sexual activity and sexually explicit language. This includes adult nudity, imagery or descriptions of sexual activity, sexual solicitation and sexually explicit, pornographic, obscene or graphic language or imagery (including deepfakes).
Sexual exploitation, abuse and nudity.  This includes child or adult sexual exploitation, child sexual abuse material, nude or sexualised imagery of children, soliciting sexual encounters with children, grooming, extortions or threats of a sexual nature, intimate image abuse.
Violent or graphic content. This includes content which depicts real or realistic serious violence or injury against a person, animal or fictional creature.
Hate. This includes abusive content against, or incitement of hatred against, anyone  based on their race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, disability or gender identity or reassignment, such as hate speech, dehumanising speech, harmful stereotypes or mocking victims of hate crimes.
Bullying, harassment or abuse. This includes unwanted malicious or repeated contact, harassment, stalking, making threats or abuse, controlling or coercive behaviour and/or bullying.
Suicide or self-harm. This includes content which encourages or provides instructions for suicide or an act of deliberate self-injury, the taking of harmful substances or any substance in a quantity as to be harmful, eating disorders or behaviours associated with an eating disorder and/or a to partake in a challenge or stunt highly likely to result in serious injury to the person who does it or to someone else.
Contempt of court. This includes content which might be in contempt of court or is prejudicial or may be prejudicial to both pending and on-going court proceedings.
Other illegal activities. This includes any other content which is illegal or which condones, encourages or provides instructions for illegal or otherwise harmful activities.
3. Other Content that will not be tolerated
Other types of content that will not be tolerated includes content that is:
Crude and/or which uses expletives to insult others.
Likely to deceive or trick any person including the intentional spread of misinformation.
Invasive of another’s privacy or is in breach of data protection laws.
Designed to cause annoyance, alarm, embarrassment, inconvenience or needless anxiety to others.
Disturbing in nature.
In any language other than English (unless that content uses well known words, phrases or sayings from other languages which are commonly used in the English language, such as déjà vu”).
Defamatory.
Includes personal information – yours or someone else’s (except for names or other publicly available personal information which is unlikely to cause harm to the relevant individual and comply with the rest of the Community Guidelines).
Spam – the same content posted over and over either on the same article or across different articles.
An external URLS linking to other content including:
URLs and content that may be unsafe or contain material that such as viruses, files, programmes and code designed to corrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment connected to The Sun
Advertising/sponsorship/external URLs for any commercial purpose
A comment that includes videos or images (except for where those videos and images are relevant to the topic of discussion and comply with the rest of the Community Guidelines).
Petitions or solicitations for donations for campaigns, publicising public events or demonstrations.
A fake review.
An infringement of someone’s copyright, database right or other intellectual property rights.
A “spoiler” – being content that includes plot developments that have not been transmitted on UK television (whether freeview, cable, satellite or on online services) unless it’s on a designated “spoilers” article.
Personally insulting towards any of our journalists or which amounts to repeated personal attacks against our journalists. While you are free to share your criticisms of our journalists’ work and/or your opinions on the topics which they write about, we will not tolerate attempts to intimidate or personally attack our journalists. If you would like to comment on the impartiality of an article, please see Here (
https://www.thesun.co.uk/editorial-complaints/
)
Any other content we find objectionable or unacceptable.
4. Tips for posting content
The Sun is invested in creating a valuable forum and a place for individuals to read and share their opinions. Below we have set out some suggestions as to how to share content that won’t be moderated:
Stay on the main topic of discussion
Avoid Caps Lock – it can look like you are shouting and sometimes have a negative impact on the way your content is perceived
Be open-minded about other people’s opinions and views – although you don’t have to agree with everyone, insulting or mocking their opinion is not acceptable
Engage with other users appropriately – be respectful and polite to other users on the site
Use the Like and Dislike features – this is a good way of communicating you agree or disagree without being argumentative
Ask thoughtful questions
Respond to Community Questions at the top of articles and Sun staff comments
Double check your message before you post it – you will be allowed to edit it for a short amount of time
In following these tips along with adhering to all of the Community Guidelines, it is very unlikely your content will be moderated.
5. How to report content which breaches these Community Guidelines
If you see content that you think is a violation of the Community Guidelines, here are the steps to take in order to report it:
Find the ‘flag’ icon next to the content you want to report
Press it and you will be given the option to Report Post
The content will temporarily disappear from view which means it has been reported to The Sun’s moderation system to be checked.
Reporting content that is genuinely harmful is a positive action and we appreciate users who flag such comments. It is anonymous to other users and consideration of reports will be done confidentially and without notifying your report to the user whose content you have reported.
However, reporting content that does not legitimately violate these Community Guidelines can impact how efficiently we are able to remove genuine actual violations. Please remember that disagreement with someone’s views is not a reason to report them.
We reserve the right to suspend or ban users who generate excessive numbers of spurious reports.
When we receive your complaint, we will evaluate it and decide on the most suitable action. All complaints will be checked promptly and professionally.
6. How we review content
As well as reviewing content which is reported to us by other users, we actively review content. We take the following three layered approach, using a combination of AI and human reviewers, to detect content that doesn’t meet the Community Guidelines:
AI Moderation
– we utilise an AI tool which operates 24/7 to identify content that breaches the Community Guidelines.
Human Moderation
– we also have a team of human moderators with global coverage who proactively review and identify content that breaches these Community Guidelines, and who also review certain content that has been flagged by our AI tool or reported by other users.
The Sun Internal Moderation
– as the final line of moderation, we may turn off or remove comments on a specific article where it is attracting a large volume of comments that are in breach of these Community Guidelines or in instances where the above forms of moderation are not effective.
7. What happens if you breach these Community Guidelines
If, having carried out a review, we reasonably consider that your content breaches these Community Guidelines, we reserve the right to:
permanently remove that content; and/or
ban or suspend your account – this means that you will be unable to post or interact with content on The Sun on any article across the website.
When we remove content, in some cases, we may have to remove an entire segment of content, including messages that do not breach our Terms, if it is part of a topic or conversation that was in breach of our guidelines or no longer make sense without the deleted content. For example, if we remove a racist comment, the responses will no longer be relevant and will be removed.
Moderators may be forced to ban users as a result of the below actions:
Posting content in breach of these Community Guidelines on the website (we reserve the right to ban users for a first offence where their conduct is considered egregious or where we suspect that they are a previously banned user)
Continuously attempting to re-post content that has been previously moderated and deleted
Posting continuous argumentative and/or off topic content – The Sun encourages healthy debate but in a positive way (see Tips for Content)
Using a screen name which is not your real name
Gaining unauthorised access to The Sun website, user accounts, computer system or networks connected to The Sun website
Impersonating another person, whether a friend, family member, celebrity, moderator, another user of our Services or an employee of any member of the News UK Group
Registering or submitting content if you have been banned (for example with someone else’s account) without permission
Where we make the decision to remove your content and/or ban your account, we will aim to tell you what action we took and why.
We may amend these Community Guidelines or any of our Terms to ensure we remain compliant with relevant laws and regulations and that we are constantly improving your use of our Services.
Please contact us at
help@thesun.co.uk
with any questions regarding these Community Guidelines or our Terms.
PART 3 – SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES
A. GENERAL TERMS (FOR OUR SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES)
We offer a variety of different Subscription Services (as defined under “Introduction to our Terms”) to provide, amongst other things, exclusive content, features, and promotions for our readers.
These Terms under
PART 3
apply to all of our Subscription Services, explain how you can access our Subscription Services and include important information about payment, cancellation and refunds of any subscription fees which may apply. Please read them carefully.
i. ACCESS TO SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES
Access to our Subscription Services and associated content and features may be subject to the payment of subscription fees.
Subscribers to our Subscription Services can use their existing Account details to login and access our Subscription Services. Where you haven’t already registered an Account, you will be required to create one by following the steps displayed on the ‘sign-up’ page on our Websites and/or apps. See the heading
‘
Account Creation
’
under
PART 1
for details on how to register your Account.
Each Subscription Service offers different benefits. Please make sure that you read the information published on each Subscription Service page and the applicable specific Terms which apply (detailed below under the relevant headings) to that Subscription Service before purchasing a subscription.
You must be 18 or over to purchase a subscription to one or more of our Subscription Services and you confirm to us that you have legal capacity to enter into a binding agreement relating to your chosen Subscription Service as set out under these Terms. We reserve the right to require you to provide us with proof of age documentation at any time. Your subscription to any Subscription Service may be suspended by us at any time until satisfactory proof of age documentation is produced to us by you.
By purchasing a subscription, you are confirming that you have the authority to make, and authorise us to take, payments in relation to the applicable Subscription Service on the relevant payment terms specified on the applicable Subscription Service page.
Each subscription to our Subscription Services is personal to you. Whilst you can purchase different subscriptions to one or more of our Subscription Services, each subscription is personal to the named individual. You may not sell or transfer or share your subscription or Account details with anyone relating to your purchased Subscription Service.
ii. HOW CAN I SUBSCRIBE TO A SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE?
There are various methods for subscribing to our Subscription Services, which depend on (a) the Subscription Service; and (b) whether you chose to subscribe via our Websites or on a mobile device.
Details on how you can subscribe to our Subscription Services are explained under the relevant headings for that Subscription Service below.
iii. HOW MUCH DOES A SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE COST?
Subscription fees may vary depending on the Subscription Service and will be detailed on each ‘sign up’ page relevant to that Subscription Service. We recommend that you visit the applicable Subscription Service home page (indicated under the relevant Subscription Service heading) and ‘sign up’ page for more details about how much each Subscription Service costs as well as other information relating to your subscription.
We will also confirm the applicable subscription fees in your confirmation email upon successful subscription to the applicable Subscription Service. You agree to pay the fees at the rates specified to you at the time you purchase your subscription relating to that Subscription Service.
We may offer limited free access, or full access at a reduced fee, to one or more of our Subscription Services as a trial period so that you can have a feel for the relevant Subscription Service and the exclusive content offered on it.
If you have subscribed to a Subscription Service through a trial offer, your subscription to the applicable Subscription Service will be at the trial offer price for the initial trial offer period (this might be on a no cost or at a reduced rate). Following the expiry of that initial trial offer period and unless you cancel during that period, your subscription fees will be taken from your chosen payment method on a   monthly or annual basis (unless you cancel) at the rate specified to you at the time of purchase.
From time to time, we may offer you discounts which reduce the price of an ongoing subscription, or new benefits or features which may be added to an ongoing subscription. If you decide to accept any such discounts or changes to an ongoing subscription, such discounts or changes will constitute an amendment to our subscription agreement and will not create a new or additional subscription contract (unless we expressly tell you otherwise).
iv. HOW LONG DOES A SUBSCRIPTION LAST?
Your subscription to your chosen Subscription Services will continue on a monthly or annual rolling basis (subject to your chosen plan) until you cancel it or unless we terminate sooner for a reason set out in these Terms – see ‘
How can I cancel my subscription?
’
for more details.
v. HOW CAN I PAY FOR A SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE?
Payment can be made using all major credit or debit cards and via PayPal. Where relevant, currency conversion values may fluctuate, and conversion fees may be charged by your bank. By submitting payment details to us, you are confirming that you are entitled to purchase a subscription using those payment details.
vi. WHAT HAPPENS IF I DEFAULT ON A PAYMENT?
If you default on any payment owed, we may, without prejudice to any other rights or remedies we have under these Terms or at law:
suspend your access to the applicable Subscription Service until payment is received; or
terminate your subscription to the applicable Subscription Service.
If your subscription has been terminated and you would like to re-subscribe, we have the right to require payment in full of any outstanding amount owed to us.
vii. HOW CAN I CANCEL MY SUBSCRIPTION?
You can cancel your subscription to any one of our Subscription Services at any time by following the cancellation instructions in your ‘My Account’ in your registered user area or by calling our Customer Services Team on 0207 860 1129.
To avoid being charged for the next billing period, you must cancel at least 2 days before your next billing date (for both monthly and annual subscription plans). If you cancel within 2 days of your next billing date, any payment taken for the next billing period will be refunded in full. If you cancel on or after your next billing date, you will be charged for that billing period and your subscription will continue until the end of the next billing period.
viii. CAN I GET A REFUND FOR ANY SUBSCRIPTION FEES PAID?
If you are a subscriber in the UK or Ireland: You generally have a statutory right to cancel or withdraw from a Subscription Service without giving a reason within 14 days from the day of the conclusion of the purchase of the subscription. If you cancel a Subscription Service within 14 days from the day of the conclusion of the purchase of the subscription, we will refund subscription fees paid. If you cancel a Subscription Service after the first 14 days of the subscription, you will not be entitled to a refund and your subscription will continue until the end of the billing period.
To exercise your right to cancel, you must inform us of your decision to cancel by making a clear statement. You can call our Customer Services Team on 0207 860 1129, or you may use the following model cancellation form, but you are not required to do so:
Model Cancellation Form
To: News Group Newspapers Limited, 1 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9G, England
E-mail address: help@thesun.co.uk
I / We(*) hereby give notice that I / We (*) cancel from my / our (*) contract of sale of the following goods (*) / subscription for the following service*,
Ordered on (*) / received on (*)
Name of consumer(s),
Address of consumer(s),
Signature of consumer (only if this form is notified on paper)
Date
(*) Please delete if not applicable
You will not be entitled to a refund except in the event where we have failed to provide the applicable Subscription Service or there has been a material defect in relation to the provision of that Subscription Service (or related content) which has impaired your ability to enjoy the related features with that Subscription Service that you have paid for. Please also see the section for
‘
Limitation of our liability to you
’
under
PART 1
in terms of our responsibilities to you.
If you are on an annual subscription and we have materially changed or discontinued any benefits available on that Subscription Service, you can also terminate your subscription during the notice period given to you and you will be entitled to a pro-rata refund for any subscription fees paid in advance for that annual Subscription Service package. The pro-rata refund will be calculated based on the months remaining on your annual package for which you have paid but have not received the relevant Subscription Service. If you have any questions about refunds, please contact us at help@thesun.co.uk.
Other than in accordance with your statutory right to cancel above or if otherwise required to do so by law, we cannot give refunds or credit for partial months used because you will have already had access to and received the benefit of certain content and features made available to you via our Subscription Service.
ix. OUR RIGHTS TO END SUBSCRIPTIONS
We may at any time and immediately terminate your subscription if you have, or we have reasonable belief that you have, materially and repeatedly breached any of our Terms, and without liability to you. If we end your subscription in these circumstances, you will not be entitled to any refund.
B. SUN CLUB
i. WHAT IS IT?
The Sun Club is a Subscription Service that gives you exclusive access to premium and bonus content, including events and promotions. The Irish Sun Club is the equivalent service in Ireland.
ii. WHAT CAN YOU EXPECT TO RECEIVE?
By subscribing to the Sun Club or the Irish Sun Club, you can expect to receive:
Exclusive articles every day
Extra insights into The Sun’s and The Irish Sun’s biggest stories
Bonus content from your favourite columnists
Personalised weekly newsletter
Exclusive monthly competitions (available in certain jurisdictions)
The opportunity to attend in-person or live-stream Sun events (available in certain jurisdictions)
Automatic access to Sun Superdays and Hols from £9.50 giving you the chance to access tickets to the UK’s top attractions at reduced prices (available in certain jurisdictions).
iii. HOW CAN I SIGN UP AND HOW MUCH DOES IT COST?
You can find out details about how to subscribe to The Sun Club Subscription Service and the applicable subscription fees
here
and The Irish Sun Club Subscription Service and the applicable subscription fees
here
.
C. THE SUN DIGITAL NEWSPAPER / THE IRISH SUN DIGITAL NEWSPAPER
i. WHAT IS IT?
Our Sun Digital Newspaper Membership is a Subscription Service designed for our readers to receive ‘The Sun Newspaper’ publication (as published in print) daily and in digital form, ‘The Scottish Sun Newspaper’ publication (as published in print) daily and in digital form or ‘The Irish Sun Newspaper’ publication (as published in print) daily and in digital form (as applicable). Subscribers can download the entire print edition directly to their digital devices (including tablets and smartphones on both iOS (Apple) and Android devices), which can also be viewed offline.
ii. WHAT CAN YOU EXPECT TO RECEIVE?
By subscribing to The Sun Digital Newspaper Service, you can expect to receive:
Full access to The Sun and The Sun on Sunday newspapers, The Scottish Sun and The Scottish Sun on Sunday or The Irish Sun and The Irish Sun on Sunday newspapers (as applicable) directly on your devices;
The latest stories from The Sun / The Scottish Sun / The Irish Sun (as applicable) throughout the day;
The Sun delivered to your device daily, exactly as printed – complete with supplements, magazines, and puzzles.
Enjoy automatic access to Sun Superdays
Hols from £9.50
Sun Raffle
Sun Savers
Puzzles from your favourite crosswords, cell blocks, word slides and more.
iii. HOW CAN I SIGN UP AND HOW MUCH DOES IT COST?
You can find out more details about how to subscribe to The Sun Digital Newspaper and applicable subscription fees here:
https://digital-newspaper.thesun.co.uk/
or for The Irish Sun Digital Newspaper here:
https://digital-newspaper.thesun.ie/
iv. ACCESS REQUIREMENTS
To access The Sun Digital Newspaper, you may also need to download the ‘The Sun Digital Newspaper’ app available on the App Store or Google Play Store to make the most out of your mobile experience of this Subscription Service.
For a full list of devices and operating systems that our apps are compatible with this Service, please go to the Sun Newspaper page of the App Store (Apple devices) (here:
https://apps.apple.com/gb/app/the-sun-digital-newspaper/id373954290
) or Google Play Store (Android devices) (here
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.newsinternational.thesunclassic&hl=en_GB
).
v. SUBSCRIPTION METHODS AND CANCELLATION FOR THE SUN DIGITAL NEWSPAPER
Whilst you can subscribe to The Sun Digital Newspaper directly through our Websites (namely here
https://digital-newspaper.thesun.co.uk/
or here for The Irish Sun Digital Newspaper:
https://digital-newspaper.thesun.ie/
, you can also subscribe via the App Store and Google Play Store.
Depending on your chosen method of subscribing to this Service, different methods of ending your subscription may apply.
Subscription directly via our Websites:
If you have subscribed to The Sun Digital Newspaper Subscription Service directly via our Websites, you can end your subscription in accordance with the section ‘
How can I cancel my subscription?
’
under PART 3(A) of these Terms.
Subscription via a third party app store:
If you have subscribed to The Sun Digital Newspaper Subscription Service via the App Store or Google Play store on your device, then this subscription is available as a 30 day auto-renewable subscription on the App Store or, as the case applies, on the Google Play Store. The cost of your subscription will be made clear to you on the applicable digital store front. Payment will be charged to your App store or Google Play store account at confirmation of purchase.
Whilst these Terms will still apply to your subscription, the way you can end your subscription may be different than if you subscribed with us directly (i.e., via the Websites or related mobile apps). If you have subscribed via the App Store or Google Play Store, your subscription will automatically renew unless the auto-renew feature is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of your current subscription period. Your account will be charged for renewal within the 24 hours prior to the end of the current subscription period, at the relevant cost as your chosen subscription.
For information on managing subscriptions on the App Store or Google Play store, see here:
App Store
:
https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/ipod-touch/iph3dfd91de/ios
Google Play Store
:
https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/7018481?hl=en-GB&co=GENIE.Platform%3DAndroid
PART 4 – PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY
For details of how we will process your personal information, please visit
www.newsprivacy.co.uk
.
PART 5 – PROMOTIONAL ACTIVITIES
A. GENERAL TERMS (applying to Promotional Activities)
i. WHO RUNS THE PROMOTIONS?
Unless otherwise indicated to you in separate terms and conditions (“
Special Terms
”), we, News Group Newspapers Limited, are the promoters and operators of promotional activities that we provide across our Services, including through our Subscription Services.
In the event of any conflict between these general terms applying to promotional activities and the applicable Special Terms, the Special Terms will, to that extent, prevail.
ii. WHAT SORT OF PROMOTIONAL ACTIVITIES DO WE PROVIDE?
We offer a variety of promotional activities from time to time, including competitions, prize draws, offers, raffles, and giveaways.
Our promotional offers and activities may not always be the same and so we may provide you with individual Special Terms with respect of each activity as it applies. Where we do operate special promotional offers or activities, the relevant Special Terms relating to that promotion will be made clear to you in advance so you know, amongst other things, how you can participate.
iii. ELIGIBILITY TO PARTICIPATE IN OUR PROMOTIONAL ACTIVITIES OR OFFERS
Unless otherwise stated in any Special Terms, you must be: (i)  a legal resident of the UK to be eligible to enter any UK promotional activity or offer; (ii) a legal resident of Ireland to be eligible to enter any Irish promotional activity or offer; and (iii) aged 18 years or over.
We, including our associated, affiliated or subsidiary companies, and in each case, our, or our affiliated companies’, staff, their families, agents or any other person(s) connected with us, including retailers, printers, distributors and third party promotional partners are not eligible to participate in our promotional activities or offers.
iv. HOW TO ENTER OUR PROMOTIONAL ACTIVITIES
Clear details on how you can enter the promotional activity will be set out in any Special Terms at the relevant time of the promotional activity.
Unless we otherwise say in any Special Terms, entries to our promotional activities will be limited to one entry per person.
If we are running a special promotional activity during a campaign, there may also be a start date (“
Start Date
”) and end date (“
Closing Date
”) for when entries may be made to be considered eligible for any offer, prize or prizes (“
Prize
”). These Start Date(s) and Closing Date(s) will also be specified in our Special Terms. Any entries that we receive before or after any stated Start Date or Closing Date will not be accepted.
The entry process may include but not be limited to a multiple choice question, a random draw, a vote, or a submission of content created by you.
Where entry to a promotional activity requires the submission of content or written information (e.g. an image, artwork, written content, video or other material) (“
Submitted
Content
”), the Submitted Content must be your own original work, or you must have permission from the creator of the Submitted Content to submit it for the purposes of entering the promotional activity and permission from all persons featured in the Submitted Content for their participation in the submission.
Where entry requires the provision of information (by way of example only, a valid email address), any incomplete entries will not be accepted as valid. Where we have received entries that are completed or entered by means not in compliance with the terms in this Part 5 or as otherwise specified in any Special Terms published in relation to certain promotional activities, such entries will be disqualified, and the entrant may not be eligible for future participation in promotional activities run by us.
We do not accept responsibility for loss through technical fault, incomplete, illegal or other damaged entries. Please note, that you are responsible for mobile data and/or other connection charges for entry in any promotional activities.
We reserve the right to disqualify entrants that do not comply with these Terms or any applicable Special Terms or any entrant who we reasonably believe has interfered with the fair running of the any promotional activity we operate from time to time (which includes, but is not limited to, the prohibited use any automated entry software or any other mechanical or electronic means that permits any person to enter any promotional activity repeatedly).
v. WHAT PRIZES CAN BE WON AND ARE THERE LIMITATIONS?
Where a promotional activity gives users the opportunity to win a Prize then full details of each such Prize will be set out in the Special Terms as it applies to that promotional activity.
Unless otherwise stated in any Special Terms, the Prize does not include any costs and expenses relating to the Prize or enjoyment of a Prize.
Winners of any Prize will be exclusively responsible for any potential taxes due as a result of being awarded a Prize.
Prizes are subject to availability and we reserve the right to substitute the Prize for another prize of equal value at our sole discretion should the specified Prize become unavailable for any reason (or any part of a Prize to the extent divisible).
Prizes are non-negotiable, may not be exchanged for any cash or other alternative, are not transferable, divisible, permitted to be sold or resold, or offered for sale by winners and are not for use in conjunction with any other promotion or offer. Prizes cannot be replaced or refunded in the event of loss, theft or missed opportunity.
The Prize, if won, could result in time off work or study. You should ensure prior to entering any promotional activity that you are able to take this time off work or study, where necessary. It is the sole responsibility of the winner to arrange time off if necessary.
Where the Prize involves travel, and unless otherwise stated in the Special Terms:
It shall not include taxes, ground transfers, additional transportation, food and beverages, gratuities, incidentals, baggage costs, telephone calls, excursions, charges for changing dates and/or reservations, and any other expenses that might reasonably be incurred by the winner in receiving or using the Prize, unless otherwise specified in the Special Terms;
The winner and the winner’s guest (where applicable) must have, and are solely responsible for obtaining, all necessary identification and/or travel documents and visas required for travel, including, but not limited to, a passport valid for at least 6 months at the time of travel;
The winner’s name used for the promotional activity must match valid government issued identification;
A valid credit or debit card may be required for security deposit purposes when checking into any hotel included in a Prize; and
Where any travel insurance is included as part of the Prize, it shall be subject to restrictions and the terms and conditions of the insurance provider and it is the responsibility of the winner and/or guest (where applicable) to meet any additional costs relating to obtaining insurance coverage for any pre-existing medical condition and for any additional costs as may be specified where the winner and/or guest are over a particular age.
We are not responsible if the winner and/or their guests (as applicable) are denied entry to, or re-entry from, any aircraft, train, coach etc. or any country. In such an event, the winner and/or their guests will be solely responsible for all additional expenses incurred and may waive participation in the Prize, in whole or in part.
We are also not responsible for any cancellations, delays, diversions or substitutions, or any act or omissions whatsoever by the air carriers, hotels, venue operators, transportation companies, third party prize providers or any other persons involved in providing any prize-related goods, services or accommodations beyond our control.
The itinerary, if applicable, of each Prize shall be determined by us in our absolute discretion and shall be set out in the Special Terms applicable to the relevant promotional activity.
We will not be responsible for missed flights, trains, coaches etc. for any reason, winner’s failure to book or confirm the same consistent with any instructions we provide, or any resulting expenses.
vi. WINNERS
Where the promotional activity involves selection of a winner by random draw, following any Closing Date stated in the Special Terms, the winner will be selected at random by us from all valid entries received after the Start Date but before the Closing Date as set out in the Special Terms, in the presence of at least one independent person who will oversee the draw.
Where the promotional activity involves selection of a winner by a judge or judging panel, following the Closing Date, the winner will be selected from all valid entries received after the Start Date but before the Closing Date by an independent judge or panel of judges selected by us, which panel will include at least one independent person. The judging panel will select the winning entry based on a fair criteria which may be outlined in the Special Terms. The judging panel’s decision shall be final and no correspondence shall be entered into. The names of the judges for a promotional activity will be made available on request.
We reserve the right to verify the identity and age of a winner and all relevant related parties prior to awarding a Prize.
Unless otherwise notified in the Special Terms:
The winner of the Prize will be notified by email.
The winner of the Prize will have fourteen days from the date and time the notification was sent to claim the Prize by replying in the way required in the notification.
If the winner (or later substitute winner) of the Prize does not respond within this timeframe, we reserve the right to disqualify the winner and select a substitute winner in accordance with the criteria.
The winner’s name and county may be made available by us on our Websites for a limited time once the winner has been selected or otherwise by request. If a winner does not wish for their personal information to be used for this purpose, or if they wish to limit the amount of personal information that is published, please contact us at help@thesun.co.uk. In such circumstances, we must still provide such information and all winning entries to the Advertising Standards Authority on request.
Third party suppliers of Prizes (including venues) may also stipulate their own terms, conditions or restrictions and all Prize winners agree to be bound by these. Any Prize which is a voucher may be valid for a limited time and include additional restrictions, and winners must be sure to use the voucher within this time and in compliance with such restrictions.
The winner (and any guest of the winner who may be entitled to take part in the Prize) may be required to sign and return any documents reasonably requested by us, prior to receiving any portion of the Prize for verification purposes. Failure to return any required document by the date requested will render the potential winner ineligible to receive the Prize. If any documentation is not returned as requested within seventy two (72) hours (or any other period notified in the Special Terms) of notification via transmission to the email address provided in the entry or other method, or if a potential winner is deemed ineligible prior to the Prize being awarded, we may, in our sole discretion, award the Prize to the next alternative potential winner selected from all valid entries.
vii. RELEASE AND LIABILITY
Subject to our Terms under the heading ‘
Limitation of our liability to you
’ under
PART 1
of these Terms, each entrant who wins a Prize agrees that we will have no liability for any loss, injury or damage to property or person, including death (save where caused by our negligence), arising from the acceptance, possession, use or misuse of the Prize.
viii. OTHER IMPORTANT TERMS RELATING TO PROMOTIONAL ACTIVITIES
We reserve the right to terminate, extend or suspend the promotional activity at any time where this is necessary due to supervening circumstances beyond our reasonable control, such as where the administration, security or fairness of the promotion is materially impaired.
Our decisions relating to any promotional activity are final and legally binding on all entrants and no correspondence will be entered into with entrants or any other person.
B. SUN SAVERS
Sun Savers’ is our standalone rewards club which gives eligible participants the chance to win cash, treats and other offers or Prizes.
By using our Sun Savers Service, eligible participants can also participate in our monthly raffle and get the latest deals, discounts and money saving tips.
The Terms set out in this Section 5(b) explain how you can participate in our Sun Savers Service and rewards scheme (“
Sun Savers
”).
i. ACCESS REQUIREMENTS AND ELIGIBILITY
To be eligible to participate in our Sun Savers Service, you must be (i) a resident of the United Kingdom (excluding Isle of Man and the Channel Islands residents) and (ii) aged 18 or over.
To use the Sun Savers Service, you must register an Account with us. See ‘Account Creation’ under
PART 1
of these Terms for details on how to create your Account.
If you already have an Account, you can access the Sun Savers Service with your existing Account login details and by downloading our Sun Savers app via the
App Store
(if you are using an iOS device) or on the
Google Play Store
(if you are using an Android device) (“
Sun Savers App
”).
You can also visit our Sun Savers home page at
https://savers.thesun.co.uk/home
where you can register your Account or use your existing Account details to login.
Participation in the Sun Savers Service is limited to one Sun Savers membership per person or one membership per household.
ii. HOW DOES SUN SAVERS WORK?
You can find a unique Sun Savers code (“
Sun Codes
”) which is printed in an everyday copy of The Sun newspaper in print/ digital form.
You can collect the Sun Codes which are redeemable against various offers, promotional activities, vouchers, raffles and/or other special promotions run by us (for example, Hols from £9.50 or Superdays).
To participate in our Sun Savers Service, you must:
Purchase a copy of The Sun newspaper and enter or scan the unique individual Sun Codes using the Sun Savers app or otherwise by entering them on the Sun Savers webpage where indicated;
enter the Sun Codes on your own behalf and not for anyone else; and
submit or redeem your Sun Codes in the form requested by us and provide your name, address and e-mail address.
iii.USING YOUR SUN CODES
Each unique Sun Code may only be used once for Sun Savers, and only by one person. Once used, it cannot be used again except in certain limited circumstances for special promotional activities which we may offer from time to time, as explained below.
There are no alternatives to our Sun Savers promotional offers stated from time to time and Sun Codes and any associated vouchers may not be shared, transferred, sold or substituted for other benefits, items or additions.
If we have reason to believe that you are sharing, transferring or selling Sun Codes (or attempting to do so), then this is a serious breach of our Terms. Without limiting rights or remedies we may have under these Terms or at law, we may cancel or suspend the Account of any user who has, or is suspected to have, misused Sun Codes.
If your Account is closed, all Sun Codes earned but not redeemed at the date of closure will be forfeited.
Sun Codes collected during specified promotional periods may count towards the number of Sun Codes required to redeem special promotions from time to time. We may notify you of these special promotions and promotional periods where bonus Sun Codes may be available.
Each Sun Code is valid for five weeks (35 days) from the day of print of the applicable paper the Sun Code has been printed in; if a Sun Code is not added to your Account (by entering or scanning the Sun Code (e.g., by using the Sun Savers App or on our web page in your Account portal
https://savers.thesun.co.uk/home
) within this five week period, that Sun Code will be considered expired and cannot be used.
The maximum number of Sun Codes that you may add to your Account in any calendar year will be 364 (or 365 on a leap year), plus any bonus codes that we may award from time to time.
If a Sun Code has been invalidated (for whatever reason), you should keep hold of your purchased printed Sun newspaper as we may ask you to validate certain questions about the applicable paper that the Sun Code has been printed in to verify your proof of purchase and your eligibility to use that Sun Code in accordance with these Terms.
If you have not logged into your Account via the Sun Savers App for a period of 12 consecutive months or more, your Account will be deemed abandoned and, within any reasonable notice period that we provide, any Sun Codes and funds (including wallet funds) entered into your Account will be forfeited and cannot be redeemed. If an Account has been abandoned, no cashback offers or Sun Codes credited to that Account and, to the extent they are available, can be redeemed.
iv.WHEN SUN CODES CANNOT BE REDEEMED
You may not be able to redeem your Sun Codes if you have (or we reasonably suspect you have) materially or repeatedly breached these Terms or we have cancelled or suspended your right to use the Sun Savers Service because you have not complied with these Terms.
If we discover or suspect (acting reasonably) that you are misusing Sun Codes (including where we reasonably suspect that you are misusing the Sun Code in concert with other third parties or you are otherwise using Sun Codes in breach of these Terms), we have the right to refuse you access to our Sun Savers Service and any associated benefits, to cancel or suspend your right to use the Sun Savers Service, and/or to take the actions described in the paragraph below.
You will not be entitled to any refund or benefits associated with Sun Savers where you have (or we reasonably suspect you have) materially or repeatedly breached any of these Terms. Any activity of any kind which we deem, in our reasonable opinion, not to be in the spirit of and in accordance with the Sun Saver promotion or which gives any unfair advantage could result in all, or some, entries being declared void by us.
v. OTHER IMPORTANT TERMS RELATING TO SUN SAVERS
We reserve the right at any time to cancel, modify or supersede all or any part of the Sun Savers promotion(s) (including altering the value of Sun Codes) at our discretion and we will give you reasonable notice of this.
If you fail to redeem your Sun Codes during any reasonable notice period we provide, then your Sun Codes may be deemed expired and forfeited.
C. DREAM TEAM
The Sun Dream team is our ultimate fantasy football game offering where you could win cash Prizes.
For details on how to participate, see our Dream Team terms and conditions here:
https://www.thesun.co.uk/administration/29237992/dream-team-2024-25-game-rules-us/
Follow The Sun
Services
Sign Up To The Sun
About Us
Editorial Complaints
Policies and Ethics
Clarifications and Corrections
News Licensing
Advertising
Contact Us
Commissioning Terms
Help Hub
Topic A-Z
Cookie Settings
Contact Preferences
Sun Jobs
Shopping
How our Product Reviews team test our products
The Times & The Sunday Times
Pay to Reject
©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's
Standard Terms and Conditions
in accordance with our
Privacy & Cookie Policy
. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our
Syndication
site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries,
Contact Us
. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the
Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO)
Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click this link:
thesun.co.uk/editorial-complaints/