This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Privacy Policy

Storage Preferences

Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save Accept All Reject Non-Essential

Skip to content
Search Button
Hi Reader
Log In
My Lists
Cart
Log In | Create Account
Recommendations
Featured
Expand Featured
Books
Expand Books
Deals
Children's Books
Collectible Books
DVD & Blu-ray
Offers
e-Gift Cards
Sell Your Books
My Account
Expand My Account
Tell-a-Friend
ThriftBooks 4 Teachers™
Blog
Get Our App
Help & Support
Log In | Create Account
Featured
Books
Deals
Children's Books
Collectible Books
e-Gift Cards
Sell Your Books
Added to your cart
Join the 2026 ThriftBooks Reading Challenge!
Set your goal →
Terms of Use

Last Updated: February 5, 2026

Thrift Books Global LLC and its affiliates ("ThriftBooks", "we," "us," or "our") provide a variety of website features at Thriftbooks.com, bookclubhub.com, scan.thriftbooks.com, Thriftbookspartners.com, or our other online channels (collectively, the "Website"), similar services on other websites and applications, and other products owned and maintained by ThriftBooks (collectively, the "Services"). By accessing the Website or by using the Services, you are agreeing to these Terms of Use ("Terms"), our Privacy Policy ("Policy"), and all other applicable terms posted on our Website, such as our Return Policy, Gift Card Policy, Rewards Program Policy, Cookie Policy, Wholesale Terms of Sale, BuyBack Terms of Use, and Enterprise BuyBack Terms of Use (collectively referred to as, "Entire Agreement"). The Entire Agreement is a legally binding agreement between You (referred to hereinafter as "you," "user," "customer," "your", or "visitor") and us.

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY. THESE TERMS OF USE CONTAIN A CLASS ACTION WAIVER AND A MANDATORY ARBITRATION PROVISION THAT REQUIRES THE USE OF ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES. THIS MEANS THAT YOU AND THRIFTBOOKS ARE EACH GIVING UP THE RIGHT TO SUE EACH OTHER IN COURT OR IN CLASS ACTIONS OF ANY KIND, AND YOU AND THRIFTBOOKS ARE EACH WAIVING RIGHTS TO A JUDGE, JURY, AND CERTAIN DISCOVERY.

We may from time-to-time amend or modify these Terms in our sole discretion by posting the amended Terms to the Website or by emailing you at the email address you provided to us. If you do not agree or consent to our amended or modified Terms, you should not use the Services. Your continued use of the Services will be considered your acceptance of any amended or modified Terms.

Nothing in these Terms will be deemed to confer any third-party rights or benefits. Additional terms may apply to certain Services, and those additional terms will become part of your agreement with us if you use those Services. If these terms are inconsistent with any other written policies, terms, and agreements relating to any Services or our Website, the written guidelines, policy, terms, and agreements relating to the specific service will govern.

If you do not agree to the Entire Agreement, you should not use the Website and/or our Services. If you have any questions or concerns about these Terms, please feel free to contact us at support@thriftbooks.com.

Use of the Services

You may use our Services only if you are above the age of 18 and have the legal authority to enter into a binding contract. INDIVIDUALS BELOW THE AGE OF 18 ("MINORS") ARE NOT ALLOWED TO CREATE AN ACCOUNT WITHOUT THE EXPRESS PERMISSION OF A LEGAL GUARDIAN OR PARENT. IF YOU BECOME AWARE THAT WE HAVE COLLECTED PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM A MINOR WITHOUT PARENTAL OR LEGAL GUARDIAN CONSENT, PLEASE LET US KNOW BY CONTACTING US AT support@thriftbooks.com, SO WE CAN TAKE APPROPRIATE ACTION. In no event is use of the Services permitted by those under the age of 13. If you are using the Services on behalf of any entity, then you are agreeing to the Terms on behalf of that entity and will be liable for all actions taken under that account. ThriftBooks reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in our sole discretion.

Types of Users

There are three types of users that can use the Services: Visitors to the Website, Guests, and Account Holders:

Visitors: Visitors are those who browse our Website ("Visitors"). You are not required to make an account with us in order to be a Visitor. However, these Terms will still govern your visit to our Website. We may collect certain online behavioral and navigational information from your visit to our Website. For more information on the data we may collect from a Visitor, please review our Privacy Policy.
Guests: Guests are those who visit our Website or an affiliate website and use our Services without creating an account ("Guests"). You are not required to provide certain personal information to us if you are using our Services as a Guest. However, you may still be required to provide us with some personal information, such as payment information, billing information, shipping information, names, and addresses. For more information on the personal information we need in order to process orders with us, please view our Privacy Policy.
Account Holders: Account Holders are those who sign up and create an account with us on our Website and use our Services. In order to become an Account Holder, you must sign up and create an account on our Website and provide us with data as outlined in our Privacy Policy. Personal information may be required in order to use the Services, and we will only use the personal information and user information according to our Privacy Policy.
Enterprise: Those who use the Services are part of their organization's participation in the Enterprise Buyback Program or other enterprise Services we offer are "Enterprise Users." If you are an Enterprise User or otherwise use or access our Services on behalf of a company or other entity ("Entity"), you represent, agree, and warrant that you are authorized to act on behalf of the Entity and to bind such Entity to these Terms.
Registration and Account Creation

When you register to create an account and use the Services, you agree: (a) to submit a valid e-mail address and password, along with your first and last name to create your account ("Account"); (b) to submit accurate information, including but not limited to your location, phone number, billing and shipping address, and other User Content, on your Account; (c) to keep confidential all aspects of your Account including your user name and password, and content associated with and within it; (d) that you are responsible for any and all uses of your Account, whether or not you've authorized such use; (e) to keep confidential all aspects of other users' Account information that you may have authorized access to; (f) to immediately notify us in writing of any unauthorized use of your Account; and (g) that you will not use the Services for any unlawful or otherwise prohibited activity. The information required to create an Account may vary depending on the country, region, or type of user.

Communications

In connection with your use of the Services, you agree that we may send you service announcements, administrative messages, notifications, offers, promotions, affiliate information, and other important information via email. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.

Emails. You can opt out of some of our emails by clicking the "unsubscribe" button on the bottom of the email message, or by altering your communication preferences via the Email Preferences menu in your Account. However, there are certain material transactional or data privacy emails from which you may not opt out. If you choose to delete your data with us, we will continue to communicate with you to fulfill your deletion request as required by applicable law. For further information on deletion requests and communication, please review our Privacy Policy.
SMS Notifications. If you opt-in to ThriftBooks' SMS notifications, you agree that we may send you SMS notifications relating to service announcements, administrative messages, notifications, offers, promotions, affiliate information, and other important information. You acknowledge that ThriftBooks uses a short code to send SMS notifications; short code numbers are not telephone numbers, and you will not be able to place a return call to the short code number from which the SMS notification was sent. In consideration for use of ThriftBooks' SMS notification Services, you hereby release from liability and waive any right you may have to bring action against ThriftBooks for any claims relating to ThriftBooks' SMS notifications or your receipt of ThriftBooks SMS notifications or any incidental claims related thereto.

If you need to contact ThriftBooks related to an SMS notification, please call ThriftBooks Customer Service at 1-888-979-1404.

The frequency of SMS messages may vary. The number and frequency of messages will be based on your circumstances and requests. Our SMS program may not be available for certain wireless numbers or in certain locations.

You can cancel the SMS service at any time by texting "STOP" to the short code. After you send the SMS message "STOP" to us via the short code, we will send you an SMS message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed. If you want to join again, you can sign up as you did the first time, and we will begin once more sending SMS messages to you.

If you are experiencing issues with the SMS program you can reply with the keyword HELP for more assistance, or you can receive help by emailing us at support@thriftbooks.com. Thrift Books and any carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.

As always, message and data rates may apply for any messages sent to you from us and to us from you. If you have any questions about your text plan or data plan, please contact your wireless provider.

Marketing Messages. We may also send you marketing communications by email, mail, or other means in compliance with your communication choices and applicable law. As part of our policy to provide you total privacy, we provide you the option of opting out from receiving marketing communications by updating your communication preferences in your Account, using the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of our emails, or replying "STOP" to our text message via the short code.
Third-Party Cookies. You understand and agree that certain third parties place cookies and related technologies on the Site which will collect data, including Personal Information, from your activities on the Site. Cookies are described in detail in our Cookie Notice. ThriftBooks provides you with a Cookie Preferences tool in the footer of the website, which you may use to Accept or Deny Non-Essential cookies. If you do not Deny Non-Essential cookies or otherwise opt-out of analytics or marketing cookies, certain third parties will have access to data collected from these cookies and may independently process that data to analyze your use of our Services or for marketing purposes.

For example, Microsoft places its Clarity cookie on the Site to collect session recordings and analytics data to produce heatmaps and other information. Microsoft provides this data to ThriftBooks and also processes this data independently to use it for Microsoft's own purposes, such as Microsoft Advertising activities, pursuant to Microsoft's privacy practices. Please see the Microsoft Privacy Statements for more information about how Microsoft uses data collected through its Clarity cookie. You can prevent this processing by opting-out of analytics cookies or clicking Deny Non-Essential cookies on the Cookie Preferences tool. IF YOU CHOOSE TO PERMIT ANALYTICS COOKIES ON THE SITE, YOU CONSENT TO THIS PROCESSING AND DISCLOSURE OF DATA COLLECTED BY THESE COOKIES TO MICROSOFT.

You hereby agree that this Section 4 provides you with adequate notice of these third-party cookies and your options to control these cookies' interactions with your device. In consideration for use of the Site, you hereby release ThriftBooks from liability, agree to hold us harmless, and waive any right you may have to bring action against ThriftBooks for any claims relating to third-party cookies on the Site or processing of your data through such cookies.

Comments, Communications, and Other User-Submitted Content

You may submit comments, photos, testimonials, questions, suggestions, or other information ("User Content") to ThriftBooks but such content cannot be objectionable, illegal, obscene, defamatory, infringing of intellectual property rights, an invasion of privacy, or otherwise harmful to others or "spam". If you submit a posting, you must use a real email address and you may not pretend to be any other person. ThriftBooks reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content, nor does it endorse, promote or guarantee the accuracy or relevancy of the content. By transmitting or submitting any User Content while using the Services, you affirm, represent, guarantee and warrant that such transmission or submission is (a) accurate and up-to-date; (b) not in violation of any applicable laws, contractual restrictions, or other third-party rights, and that you have permission from any third party whose personal information or intellectual property is comprised in the User Content; (c) free of viruses, adware, spyware, worms, or other malicious code; and (d) you acknowledge and agree that any of your personal information within such User Content will at all times be processed by us in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You have the right to change, modify, and/or delete your User Content, and can do so by accessing your Account or through the methods outlined in our Privacy Policy.

Depending on where you live, you may have the right to opt-out of certain uses of your personal information by ThriftBooks. To opt-out of certain disclosures of your Personal Information, please submit a request at Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information. Other privacy requests can be exercised through your Account or by emailing support@thriftbooks.com. For more information, please see Section 8 of our Privacy Policy (How to Control Your Personal Information) for instructions on how to opt-out and Section 10 (Your Privacy Rights) for a list of privacy rights that may be available to you by law. ThriftBooks does not, and will not, sell your personal information to third parties.

When submitting information and User Content to your account or the Website via the Services, you retain all intellectual property rights and ownership to your User Content. No transfer of ownership, interest, or title is created between you and us, for your User Content or vice versa. However, so that we can operate the Services effectively, you grant us, by submitting your User Content to the Website or Services, a perpetual and irrevocable, worldwide, fully paid-up and royalty free, non-exclusive, unlimited license, including the right to sublicense and assign to third parties, and right to copy, reproduce, fix, adapt, modify, improve, translate, reformat, create derivative works from, manufacture, introduce into circulation, commercialize, publish, distribute, sell, license, sublicense, transfer, rent, lease, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, or provide access to electronically, broadcast, communicate to the public by telecommunication, display, perform, enter into computer memory, and use and practice, in any way now known or in the future discovered, your User Content as well as all modified and derivative works thereof in connection with Services ("User Content License"). To the extent permitted by applicable laws, you hereby covenant not to assert against us any moral rights you may have in any of your User Content. The rights you grant in the User Content License are for the purpose of operating, promoting, and improving our Services, and to develop new services and/or products. You must have the necessary rights to grant us this User Content License for any User Content that you provide to us both directly and indirectly. You can find more information about how we collect, use and store content in our Privacy Policy. If you request to delete a portion of or all of your data, including User Content, then we will no longer have rights to the particular deleted data pursuant to the User Content License granted herein.

You hereby represent and warrant that you will indemnify and hold ThriftBooks harmless against all claims, actions, allegations, fines, damages, or loss resulting from or arising out of the User Content you provide to us or upload to the Website or Services. ThriftBooks takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party. Further, if you request your information be deleted as an exercise of your privacy rights, we are not responsible or obligated to delete the posts, testimonials, comments, ratings, reviews, and other content or User Content that you've made public on the Website or affiliate websites. It is your responsibility to delete content that you've published and made available to the public online. We will only delete the personal information in our internal systems, Services, and with third-party processing.

Restrictions on User Content

We reserve the right to cancel a User Account at any time for any reason in our sole discretion. User Accounts may be cancelled for several reasons, including but not limited to:

Submitting any unlawful, harassing, libelous, abusive, threatening, harmful, bigoted, racially offensive, obscene, or otherwise objectionable User Content or content that violates our policies;
Submitting any sexually explicit User Content;
Language or user conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law or regulation;
Posting any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, "spam," or junk mail, including "chain letters" and "pyramid schemes";
Submitting any User Content that is alleged to infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other proprietary right;
Uploading a virus or User Content designed to disrupt, limit, or damage any functionality of any computer software, hardware or server;
If we in our judgment and sole discretion deem it appropriate; or
Upon a verified data deletion request.
Prohibited Activities

Unless you have our express written consent, you cannot, and will not attempt to:

Use the Services to submit, store, transmit, or process malicious code, worms, or viruses;
Use the Services to submit, store, transmit, or process User Content that is or may be: (a) threatening, harassing, degrading, hateful, or intimidating; (b) libelous or defamatory; (c) fraudulent, tortious, or unlawful; (d) obscene, indecent, pornographic, or otherwise objectionable; or (e) infringing of any person's rights, any applicable laws, or your obligations to any third party;
Use the Services to submit, store, transmit, or process User Content that would give rise to criminal or civil liability or that encourages unlawful activity;
Use the Services to acquire books or materials for the purpose of using the books or materials to train large language or other artificial intelligence models;
Use the Services for retail arbitrage or any other commercial and/or reselling purposes except as expressly permitted as part of the Enterprise Buyback program, other programs or Services expressly offered on an enterprise basis, or bulk purchasing made available solely to non-profit groups, foundations, and charities on a not for resale basis;
Gain unauthorized access to the Services, or to our systems or networks;
Interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of the Services, or third-party content contained therein;
Impersonate any person or entity or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity in connection with the Services;
Reverse engineer, disassemble, or decompile the Services or apply any other process or procedure to derive the source code of any software included in the Services; or
Unless otherwise provided, remove any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notice from the Services.
Removal of User Content and Requests

We take the rights of others very seriously. If you have any concerns that User Content is improper or infringing, please contact us at support@thriftbooks.com and if you would like the User Content removed, please provide us with:

A detailed description of the objectionable content, including where it is located;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the poster does not have permission to use the said objectionable content;
A statement that you are the owner, or exclusive agent of the owner, of the objectionable content;
Your contact information, including telephone number and physical address, and;
A signed and sworn statement, under penalty of perjury, that your statements above are true to your knowledge.

We will try our best to remove any infringing User Content, but we are under no obligation to do so.

Cancellation, Removal, or Suspension of Account
Without limiting or waiving any of our other rights under these Terms, we may limit, suspend, terminate, modify, or delete your Account or access to the Services if you are, or we suspect that you are, failing to comply with any of these Terms for any actual or suspected illegal or improper use of the Services, with or without notice to you. Additionally, we may limit, suspend, terminate, modify, or delete your Account or access to the Services if we believe that you are infringing our intellectual property rights or third parties', or are acting inconsistently with the letter or spirit of our Terms or any published policies. Data will be removed from all applicable devices when your Account is terminated or deleted, but only as technically feasible and in compliance with applicable laws.
At any time, you may cancel your Account with us by emailing us at support@thriftbooks.com or by accessing your Account preferences.
If there are remaining funds in your Account, we may not be able to delete your data, a portion thereof, or your Account. However, you will have the following options: (1) you may use the funds and request deletion again; or (2) you may request a Digital Code to be used after deletion of your personal information. If you choose to use the funds remaining in your Account, you will need to request data deletion again after all funds have been used, and only then will we be able to proceed with a deletion request. Please note that ThriftBooks is not required to delete any requested data if (1) that information is required to complete a transaction for which the personal information was collected; (2) keeping the personal information is reasonably anticipated within the context of ThriftBooks' ongoing business relationship with you; or (3) the request cannot be verified as required by applicable law.
At all times, you have the right to remove or change your User Content and some personal information by editing or specifically deleting it through your Account. You can edit, modify, and delete your contact information, address, email address, payment information and date of birth within your Account. However, in certain instances, some of your removed or edited User Content or data may not be completely removed, and copies of your User Content or data may continue to exist on the system or Website's server, and other locations belonging to us, including records indicating your deletion request as allowed by applicable data privacy laws. Copies, or meta copies, of User Content and information is solely used for purposes associated with the Services. We are not responsible or liable for the removal or deletion of (or the failure to remove or delete) any of your User Content at any time, or any other content that you have made available online, including comments, photos, testimonials, reviews, videos and ratings.
Third-Party Affiliates and Content

In order to enhance your experience, we may display and use some content and services that are not owned or operated by us ("Affiliate Content and Services"). This Affiliate Content and Services are solely responsible for the content and service it provides to you, and we in no way guarantee the accuracy of the Affiliate Content and Services or their compliance with their own terms of use and privacy policies. You should review any Affiliate Content and Services' agreements to make sure you agree with their services, policies and terms. We are under no obligation to ensure that those Affiliate Content and Services work error-free, are accurate, and are up-to-date. We may (but are not obligated to) review content to determine whether it is illegal or violates our policies, and we may remove or refuse to display the Affiliate Content and Services that we reasonably believe violates our Terms or the law. The Services may contain links to other third-party websites that are not owned or controlled by us. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy or other practices of such third-party websites and/or vendors. Accordingly, we cannot and will not be responsible for any issues, including offensive or malicious content, usability, or other problems with or related to those websites. You are solely responsible for reading and understanding the policies and terms of use or service of any other website that you visit, both directly and indirectly relating to the Services. If you delete your Account or data (or a portion thereof) with us, or opt-out-of-sale of your data, we will request that our third-party affiliates do the same, but we are not responsible for confirming their compliance or following up with the request. We will no longer process, transfer, share, or sell any data that has been deleted with us, and will not be able to provide you with the Services unless you register with a new account or withdraw your request. Further, we are not responsible or liable for the actions or omissions of any third-party affiliate in regard to their use, processing, sharing and/or transferring of such data. You are responsible for notifying or requesting the deletion of your data or personal information to any third-party affiliate to whom you've separately provided your data or personal information.

Intellectual Property and License

Using our Services does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights in our Services or the content you access. Except in the context of browsing or accessing our Services in accordance with these Terms, you may not use content from our Services unless you obtain written permission from its owner or are otherwise permitted by law. These Terms do not grant you the right to use any branding or logos used in our Services. Do not remove, obscure, or alter any legal notices displayed in or along with our Services.

Copyright Protection. All content included in any Service, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of ThriftBooks or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. Portions of the content included in the Services is supplied by Books In Print®. Copyright 2022 Proquest LLC. All rights reserved. All rights in images of books or other publications are reserved by the original copyright owners. LibraryThing Content is provided by LibraryThing.com and used with permission. The compilation of all content on this site and included in any Service is the exclusive property of ThriftBooks and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site and included in any Service is the property of ThriftBooks or its software suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
Trademark Protection. THRIFTBOOKS, THRIFTBOOKS.COM, GREEN EARTH BOOKS, MOTOR CITY BOOKS, ATLANTA BOOK COMPANY, and other Services' graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names are trademarks, registered trademarks, or trade dress of ThriftBooks in the U.S. and other countries. ThriftBooks' trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not owned by ThriftBooks, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits ThriftBooks. All other trademarks not owned by ThriftBooks that appear in connection with the Services are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by ThriftBooks. ThriftBooks offers information on its site that is relevant to readers who may buy used books, which may include (without limitation) the publisher's names and book titles that are trademarks of their respective authors and/or publishers. ThriftBooks' use of such third-party trademarks is descriptive only and not intended to convey any endorsement.
License and Site Access. ThriftBooks grants you a limited license to access and make use of the Services and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of ThriftBooks. The license granted to you by this Section 11(c) is strictly limited to your personal (non-commercial) use, unless you are an Enterprise User, in which case you may also use the Services as expressly permitted under the terms of the enterprise-level program(s) to which we have granted you access. The license granted to you under this Section 11(c) does not include any resale or commercial use of Services' content; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of Services' content; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. Services' content or any portion of such content may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, assigned, sub-licensed, visited, or otherwise exploited for any purpose, including commercial purposes, without the express written consent of ThriftBooks. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of ThriftBooks without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing ThriftBooks' name or trademarks without the express written consent of ThriftBooks. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by ThriftBooks. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of Thriftbooks.com so long as the link does not portray ThriftBooks, or its products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive manner. You may not use any ThriftBooks logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission. Violation of this section will constitute a material breach of these Terms and may be grounds for immediate termination and/or cancellation of your Account.
Fees and Payment Information
When using the Services or placing an order with us, you may be required to pay a purchase price associated with the item(s), along with applicable fees and taxes ("Fees"). The Fees you pay at checkout on the Website may not include all applicable taxes or fees you may incur as a result of your purchase and subsequent shipping and delivery of such purchase, including, without limitation, any local, excise, or customs related taxes, duties, or fees, and payment of all such taxes, duties, or fees are your sole responsibility and obligation. ("Import Duties").
By placing an order with us for shipping outside the United States, you hereby authorize a licensed customs broker chosen by us to act as your agent to clear the items you ordered and account for Import Duties as applicable on your behalf.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to consolidate multiple orders placed by the same customer. Any Fees or Import Duties incurred as a result of any order consolidation are the customer's sole responsibility and obligation.
We make reasonable efforts to accurately price all items. In the event that an item's correct price is higher than the stated price on our Website, we reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to either (i) honor the stated price, (ii) contact you for instructions prior to shipment, or (iii) cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.
We use third-party payment gateways ("Third-Party Payment Gateways"), such as Braintree, PayPal or Venmo, Google Pay, or Apple Pay, or to process any applicable order fees, taxes and/or payments. By using the Services, you hereby agree to the terms of use and privacy policy of the then-current Third-Party Payment Gateway. We are not liable for any issues arising from or related to your breach of any Third-Party Payment Gateway's policies. We may, from time-to-time, change our Third-Party Payment Gateway, and will provide you with written notice of such change. All information collected through our Third-Party Payment Gateway, such as credit card information, names, and addresses, may be accessible to us but will not be used, sold, or stored by us. We are not liable for any data breach or security incident, or compromised personal information that is caused, directly or indirectly, by the Third-Party Payment Gateway. You are responsible for any data or personal information that you directly provide to any Third-Party Payment Gateway.
If you choose to delete certain data or personal information with us, or if you opt-out-of-sale, we may not be able to process payments, fees, refunds, orders, credits, promotions or offers with our Third-Party Payment Gateway.
Returns, Refunds, Exchanges

ThriftBooks accepts returns that are requested by the customer within 30 days after delivery of the order and that are the result of ThriftBooks' error. ThriftBooks is not otherwise required to accept any return or exchange or to grant any refund (collectively referenced herein as a "return"). ThriftBooks may accept a return of a customer's order even if ThriftBooks is not required to accept a return, including if the product is damaged when delivered to customer or the customer's order was incorrect, and we may credit your Account for the return without your actual return of the damaged or incorrect item. ThriftBooks reserves the right to reject any returns not the result of our sole error, and no return is authorized without the customer first obtaining a return authorization number by contacting ThriftBooks Customer Service at support@thriftbooks.com.

Within a few business days of your request for a return or as soon after as is reasonably practicable, ThriftBooks' Customer Service will make a decision as to whether to authorize the return and provide authorized returns with a ThriftBooks return label or other mailing instructions. ThriftBooks only accepts returns that are authorized and shipped to ThriftBooks using a ThriftBooks return label or pursuant to ThriftBooks' return instructions, and you must get prior authorization from ThriftBooks before shipping any return to ThriftBooks. If you ship items to ThriftBooks without ThriftBooks authorizing the return by advance written consent, you agree we may dispose of the unauthorized return however we deem appropriate, and you will not get a refund or exchange for such item(s) you return without advance authorization from ThriftBooks.

Returns for media items (Vinyl Records, DVDs, Video Games and other media) can only be accepted in unopened and original condition.

We reserve the right to charge a restocking fee, handling fee, and return shipping fee for any return, refund, or exchange that is not the result of our error. Delivery fees, taxes, and handling fees previously paid by you are all non-refundable. In lieu of a refund, we may only offer you store credit or the ability to exchange the item(s).

We may offer you the opportunity to exchange your purchased item for another product. However, applicable restocking fees, shipping, taxes and additional fees may apply. Customers are responsible for paying the difference between exchanged items if the value of the new item(s) exceeds the value of the original item(s).

As noted in Section 15 herein, risk of loss of all orders passes to you upon our delivery to the shipping carrier. If you request a refund as a result of a shipping delay and we decide in our sole discretion to process such refund, we will process such refund only if such order does not arrive at your shipping address within 20 days of your order for US domestic orders and within 45 days for international orders.

We do not accept returns, honor exchanges, or provide refunds for:

Items that were purchased for $15.00 or less;
Requests that are made after the 30-day return/refund/exchange window;
Items that are no longer desired by the customer after purchase; or
Any Visitor, Guest, or Account Holder that violates these Terms or any other applicable terms or conditions.

Further, we are unable to accommodate purchase cancellations and address changes after an item has shipped.

As it relates to our collection of hand-curated collectible books that are indicated by a teal "jewel" on the detail page for such book (and which can be found at https://www.thriftbooks.com/b/collectibles/) ("Collectible Books"), we have taken care and made reasonable efforts to ensure that all Collectible Books conform to the photographs and descriptions provided on our Website. We also include on the Collectible Book's detail page a link that will allow you to ask pre-sale questions that pertain to the Collectible Book. We cannot, however, guarantee that all photographs and descriptions will be precisely accurate. Accordingly, we do not accept returns, honor exchanges, or provide refunds as a result of the condition of a Collectible Book or as a result of a customer's dispute regarding the volume or edition of the Collectible Book.

If we consent to the refund or if the refund is a result of our sole error, we will provide you with a store credit in an amount equal to the agreed amount of the refund, unless we agree to refund the value to your original payment method or if a refund to your original payment method is required by law. Store credit will be applied to your ThriftBooks Account, not your credit card, debit card, or other payment method. Store credit may only be used for future purchases of products and Services on our website. Except as otherwise required by law, store credit will expire 365 days from receipt. Store credit can only be used for orders associated with your ThriftBooks Account and cannot be transferred, gifted, or assigned to another person or ThriftBooks Account. You will be responsible for the payment of any purchase amount that exceeds the value of the store credit.

We reserve the right to refuse to accept a return, issue a refund, or permit an exchange, and to otherwise deny any of the above remedies in our sole discretion at any time. Further, if you request refunds at a rate in excess of a normal retail customer rate, as determined by us in our sole discretion, we may take steps to limit your activity, up to and including suspending or terminating your Account.

If you request deletion of your Account, you must first use all of the store credit remaining in your Account or request a Digital Code in the amount of the remaining funds in your Account, to be used after the deletion of your data and Account.

Gift Cards and Rewards Program

You may be eligible for our rewards program ("ReadingRewards Program"), earning you credit as you read, and/or our gift card program. The ReadingRewards Program is only offered to (1) individual customers who are age 13 or older, and (2) non-profit organizations, charities and foundations, that have registered for an Account at the Website or on the ThriftBooks mobile application, and only those individuals and organizations are eligible to participate in the ReadingRewards Program and receive its benefits. Customers who make purchases under a "Guest" account without creating a new registered account at the time of purchase are not eligible for ReadingRewards Program benefits on such purchases. The ReadingRewards Program is intended for individual personal use only and commercial use and/or reselling is strictly prohibited. To learn more about our ReadingRewards Program and our terms and conditions please visit https://www.thriftbooks.com/account/yourrewards/. To learn more about ThriftBooks Gift Cards and our terms and conditions, please visit https://www.thriftbooks.com/giftcard/.

Risk of Loss

All items purchased from ThriftBooks are purchased subject to this shipment contract, which means the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the shipping carrier.

Use of the Services via AI Agent

If you choose to use our Services via an autonomous artificial intelligence agent (your "AI Agent") you (a) acknowledge and agree that, by permitting your AI Agent to access the Services, you unconditionally accept these Terms; (b) agree to be fully and solely responsible for all activity of your AI Agent on or through the Services; (c) agree that your obligations under these Terms applicable to you as a Visitor, Guest, or Account Holder, as applicable, will also apply to your use of the Services via your AI Agent; and (d) represent and warrant that your use of the Services via your AI Agent will at all times comply with these Terms in all respects. ThriftBooks does not guarantee that the Services will be compatible with your AI Agent or that your experience using the Services via an AI Agent will be error-free. ThriftBooks has no obligation to correct mistaken or incorrect orders or payment charges initiated by your AI Agent. Notwithstanding any contrary provision herein, certain Services, Reading Rewards Program benefits, or other promotions or Services features may not be available for orders or other interactions with the Services via an AI Agent as determined by ThriftBooks in our sole and absolute discretion. Nothing in this Section 16 shall be interpreted as ThriftBooks' acceptance of or permission for an AI Agent to interact with the Services. ThriftBooks reserves all rights and remedies available under these Terms.

Copyright Complaints and Digital Millennium Copyright Act
Notice of Copyright Infringement

The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the "DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. If you believe in good faith that materials on the Services infringe your rights under U.S. copyright law, you may send ThriftBooks a notice requesting that the material be removed. The notice must include the following information:

The signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the work claimed to have been infringed;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or the subject of infringing activity, and information that reasonably allows us to locate the material within the Services;
Your name, address, telephone number, and email address (if available);
A representation that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by you, your agent, or the law; and
A representation that the information in the notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please be advised that ThriftBooks may not respond to complaints that do not meet the requirements above. If ThriftBooks determines in good faith that the materials alleged to infringe do not require removal, ThriftBooks may remove those materials only pursuant to a court order that declares the content or use of the materials unlawful.

Please note that under Section 512(f) of the DMCA, any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may be subject to liability. If you are unsure whether the material available online infringes your rights, we suggest that you contact an attorney before sending us a notice.

Counter-Notices

If you believe that a notice of copyright infringement has been wrongly filed against you, the DMCA permits you to send us a counter-notice. Counter-notices must include the following information:

Your name, address, and telephone number;
A description of the source of the content that was removed;
A representation under penalty of perjury that you believe that the content was removed in error;
A representation that you consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located, or if your address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district that ThriftBooks chooses, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided the original complaint; and
Your signature (physical or electronic is acceptable).

Please note that under Section 512(f) of the Copyright Act, any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification may be subject to liability.

Updated Requirements

Notices and counter-notices with respect to the Services must meet the then-current statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA and should be sent to ThriftBooks' designated agent through the address listed below.

ATTN: DMCA Designated Agent
Thrift Books Global, LLC
18300 Cascade Ave S #150
Tukwila, WA 98188

Product Descriptions and Content Guidelines

ThriftBooks attempts to be as accurate as possible. However, ThriftBooks does not warrant that product descriptions or other content provided through Services is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by ThriftBooks itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it, exchange the item, or receive store credit, to be determined in our sole discretion.

At ThriftBooks, we believe in our mission to offer customers a wide assortment of books at everyday low prices and to empower our readers to read more and to spend less doing so. We strive to provide high quality books, but we do not dictate what our customers should read, nor do we censor ideas. Instead, we respect our customers' ability to choose from books that espouse a wide range of ideas and viewpoints.

We believe in fostering a dialogue with and among our customers as to the state of the literary world as it stands, and not as we might wish it to be. We also believe our readers should have the ability to inform themselves, particularly as to viewpoints they or we may disagree with, including those that are unorthodox, unpopular, or considered dangerous by some. We believe our customers will exercise critical judgment and choose to accept the good and reject the bad, and we believe the only answer to a "bad book" is a good one.

With those beliefs in mind, we encourage our customers to voice their concerns and to strive to counter any damage that may be caused by the acceptance of viewpoints and content they find objectionable. But it is not our chosen role to decide whether the content-specific concerns of any particular group of our customers are merited.

We reserve the right to choose to include or not include any books in our inventory, and we intend not to include books in our inventory that are libelous or otherwise violate the law, that incite violence or terrorism, or that promote abuse or exploitation, particularly of children. We also may not include other books in our inventory for any reason in our sole discretion.

We aim to err on the side of free expression and will not remove any books from our inventory because the viewpoints they may espouse are objectionable to some of our readers. Instead, we will strive to deliver our promise to customers to provide high quality books at everyday low prices, regardless of their content.

Apple App Store Terms

The following terms apply to users that have downloaded any Services through the Apple App Store:

Acknowledgement. Both parties acknowledge that these Terms are between ThriftBooks and you only, and ThriftBooks and its content is governed by these Terms. To the extent these Terms provide terms that are less restrictive than or otherwise conflict with the Apple App Store Terms of Service, then the more restrictive or conflicting Apple term applies.
Scope of License. The license granted to you for use of Services is limited to a non-transferable license to use Services on an iOS device that you legally own or control and as permitted by the terms detailed in the Apple App Store Terms of Service.
Maintenance and Support. ThriftBooks is solely responsible for providing any maintenance and support services with respect to Services, and Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Services.
Warranty. Services are provided as-is and do not currently include any express warranties. If there is any express warranty included in these Terms in the future, and any Service fails to conform to such express warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price (if any) of the Service to you; and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to Services, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be our sole responsibility.
Intellectual Property Rights. ThriftBooks and you acknowledge that, in the event of any third-party claim that ThriftBooks' or your possession and use of Services infringes a third party's intellectual property rights, as between ThriftBooks and Apple, ThriftBooks will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement, and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim.
Product Claims. ThriftBooks and you acknowledge that ThriftBooks, not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims of you or any third party relating to the app or your possession and use of Services, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that Services fail to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. These Terms do not limit our liability to you beyond what is permitted by applicable law.
Third-Party Beneficiary. ThriftBooks and you acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple's subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of these Terms, Apple will have the right to enforce these Terms against you as a third-party beneficiary of these Terms.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability

THRIFTBOOKS.COM AND ALL INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) AND SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THRIFTBOOKS SERVICES ARE PROVIDED BY THRIFTBOOKS ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN A WRITING SIGNED BY AN AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY OF THRIFTBOOKS. THRIFTBOOKS MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THRIFTBOOKS SERVICES OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) OR SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THRIFTBOOKS SERVICES. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THRIFTBOOKS SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, THRIFTBOOKS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY, ADEQUACY, AND COMPLETENESS. THRIFTBOOKS DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THRIFTBOOKS SERVICES, INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) OR SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THRIFTBOOKS SERVICES, OUR SERVERS, OR EMAIL SENT FROM THRIFTBOOKS ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. THRIFTBOOKS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THRIFTBOOKS SERVICES OR FROM ANY INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) OR SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THRIFTBOOKS SERVICES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN WRITING. CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.

Legal Compliance

You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a "terrorist supporting" country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.

Disputes

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING SECTION CAREFULLY, BECAUSE IT CONTAINS A CLASS ACTION WAIVER, REQUIRES YOU TO ARBITRATE CERTAIN DISPUTES AND CLAIMS, AND LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF FROM US. You agree that any dispute, controversy or claim between you and ThriftBooks arising out of or relating to: (i) these Terms, or the breach thereof; (ii) our provision of the Services; (iii) your access to or use of the Services; or (iv) any alleged violation of any federal, state, or local law, statute, or ordinance (each such dispute, controversy or claim, a "Dispute") will be governed by the dispute resolution procedure outlined in this paragraph and the Arbitration Agreement below. Before filing a claim against ThriftBooks, you agree to try to resolve the Dispute informally by contacting ThriftBooks at support@ThriftBooks.com. We will contact you by email as part of a good faith effort to resolve the Dispute informally. If a Dispute is not resolved within 60 days after submission, you or we may bring a formal arbitration proceeding.

Arbitration Agreement. You and ThriftBooks each agree to resolve any Disputes exclusively through final and binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes. The AAA's rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Agreement to Arbitrate. The arbitration will be held in the State of Washington, United States, or you may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone or based on written submissions. The AAA's rules will govern payment of all arbitration fees. We will reimburse those fees for claims totaling less than $7,500 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous. To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to our registered agent INCORP SERVICES, INC., 4505 Pacific Hwy E, Ste C-2, Fife, WA 98424.
In the event that the Arbitration Agreement above in this Section 22 does not apply to a Dispute, the parties hereto agree any dispute between You and ThriftBooks arising from questions as to the validity, interpretation and/or performance, termination, or breach of these Terms will be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Seattle, Washington, including in the event of summary proceedings, guarantee claims, and/or multiple defendants, and YOU AGREE TO GIVE UP ANY RIGHTS TO LITIGATE CLAIMS BEFORE A JURY.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may assert claims, if they qualify, in small claims court in the State of Washington, or any United States county where you live or work.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may bring a lawsuit solely for injunctive relief to stop unauthorized use or abuse of our Services, or infringement of intellectual property rights (for example, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or patent rights), without first engaging in arbitration or the informal dispute resolution process described above.
Class Action Waiver. YOU AND THRIFTBOOKS EACH AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEEDINGS, WHETHER IN ARBITRATION OR IN ANY COURT, WILL BE CONDUCTED ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT IN A CLASS, CONSOLIDATED, OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION. YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO COMMENCE OR PARTICIPATE IN ANY CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT PROCEEDING AGAINST US AND/OR OUR AFFILIATES RELATED TO ANY CLAIM, DISPUTE OR CONTROVERSY, AND, WHERE APPLICABLE, YOU HEREBY AGREE TO OPT OUT OF ANY CLASS PROCEEDING AGAINST US AND/OR OUR AFFILIATES OTHERWISE COMMENCED.
Multiple Claims. If twenty-five (25) or more individuals initiate notices of dispute with ThriftBooks raising similar claims, and counsel for the individuals bringing the claims is the same or coordinated for these individuals, to the extent the claims proceed in arbitration, they shall proceed before the AAA as set forth in Section 22(c). In the first phase, twelve (12) arbitrations shall proceed pursuant to the AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules, each before a single arbitrator. The claims of any other individuals who have raised similar claims and who are represented by the same or coordinated counsel shall not be filed in AAA until completion of these initial bellwether proceedings and the global mediation described below. Any applicable limitations period shall be tolled from the date individual initiating a claim gave ThriftBooks written notice of such individual's claim until the completion of this bellwether process and the global mediation described below. Counsel for ThriftBooks and counsel for the individuals initiating claims shall each select six cases to proceed first in arbitration in these individual bellwether proceedings. Each of these twelve (12) arbitrations shall proceed before a separate arbitrator. AAA shall provide a list of proposed arbitrators for each of these twelve (12) arbitrations. If the parties are unable to agree upon arbitrators from these lists, each party shall have fourteen (14) calendar days from the list transmittal date in which to strike up to two names objected to, number the remaining names in order of preference, and return the list to the AAA. AAA shall then appoint the highest-ranked, remaining eligible arbitrator from each list to preside over each of the twelve (12) arbitrations.

After a final, written award has been rendered in each of these twelve (12) arbitrations, ThriftBooks and all individuals who have raised similar claims and who are represented by the same or coordinated counsel shall participate in a global mediation. Counsel for ThriftBooks and counsel for the individuals who have raised similar claims shall mutually select a mediator. In the event the parties are unable to agree upon a mediator, counsel for ThriftBooks and counsel for the individuals who have raised similar claims shall each propose 4 potential mediators—these proposals must not include any individual who served as an arbitrator in the twelve (12) bellwether proceedings. Counsel for ThriftBooks and counsel for the individuals who have raised similar claims shall successively strike mediators from the list of 8, beginning with counsel for the individuals who have raised similar claims, until there is one mediator remaining who shall serve as the mediator. The mediator shall be provided with reasonably anonymized versions of the written arbitration awards rendered in each of the twelve (12) bellwether arbitrations. ThriftBooks shall pay the mediation fee. The parties shall have ninety (90) days to complete the mediation unless the parties mutually agree to extend this period.

If the mediation does not resolve all claims, ThriftBooks or the individuals who have raised similar claims (and whose claims were not adjudicated in the initial bellwether proceedings) can choose to either proceed in court or in individual arbitration in AAA. If ThriftBooks chooses to go to court, all cases will proceed in court. If ThriftBooks chooses to proceed in arbitration, each individual who has raised similar claims (and whose claims were not adjudicated in the initial bellwether proceedings) may still choose to proceed in court instead of arbitration. To the extent either party elects to proceed in court, these claims shall proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Washington. Pursuant to Section 22(b) herein, any such claims that proceed in court shall not proceed as a class or representative action. A court of competent jurisdiction shall have authority to enforce this Section 22(c) and, if necessary, to enjoin the mass filing of arbitration demands against ThriftBooks to the extent either party fails to comply with the procedures set forth in Section 22(c). Otherwise, the arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve all disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, or formation of this arbitration agreement, these Terms or the Privacy Policy, including but not limited to any claim that all or any part of these Terms or Privacy Policy is void or voidable, whether a claim is subject to arbitration, or the question of waiver by litigation conduct.

Applicable Law

By using any Service, you agree that the laws of the state of Washington, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms of Use.

Site Policies, Modification, and Severability

Please review our other policies, such as our Do Not Sell My Personal Information Page, Privacy Policy, Gift Cards Policy, Rewards Program Policy, and BuyBack Terms of Use, that are related to Services. These policies govern your visit to and use of Services. We reserve the right to make changes to Services, policies, and these Terms of Use at any time. Any changes to the Terms of Use will be effective from the time we publish the updated Terms of Use on our Website. By using our Website or Services after the changes have been implemented, you accept and agree to be bound by the new Terms of Use. If you do not consent to the terms of the updated Terms of Use, you must stop using the Services. If any of these conditions are deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.

Trustpilot
Popular Categories
Children's
Teen and Young Adult
Self-Help
Literature & Fiction
Mystery & Thriller
Sci-fi & Fantasy
Romance
Large Print Books
Rare & Collectible Books
 
Website
ShareBookLove
Educator Benefits
Librarian Benefits
e-Gift Cards
Blog
View Mobile Site
My Account
Settings
Shopping Cart
Order History
Wish List
 
Partnerships
Library Program
Wholesale
Quick Help
Help & Support
Shipping Costs
Billing
Return Policy
Website Suggestions
 
About Us
Our Story
Our Purpose
Our Team
Social Responsibility
Careers
News
Testimonials
ThriftBooks sells millions of used books at the lowest everyday prices. We personally assess every book's quality and offer rare, out-of-print treasures. We deliver the joy of reading in recyclable packaging with free standard shipping on US orders over $15. ThriftBooks.com. Read more. Spend less.
Follow Us
Link to Facebook
Link to Twitter
Link to Pinterest
Link to Tumblr
Link to Instagram
Copyright © 2026 Thriftbooks.com
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information | Cookie Policy | Cookie Preferences | Accessibility Statement
ThriftBooks® and the ThriftBooks® logo are registered trademarks of Thrift Books Global, LLC