Terms and Conditions - TK Maxx UK
Please enable JavaScript to fully enjoy our lovely website.
You need to have JavaScript enabled to make full use of this website.
TK Maxx UK
Terms and Conditions
Last Updated: 14th July 2021
TK Maxx and Homesense are owned and operated by TJX UK, a subsidiary of The TJX Companies Inc.
TJX UK is registered in England and Wales. Registration Number 3094828. VAT Registration Number 662563524. Registered address 73 Clarendon Road, Watford, WD17 1TX.
Access to and use of this website and the products and services available to purchase through this site are subject to the following terms and conditions. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by our Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Policy.
The Terms and Conditions may be changed or updated by TJX UK from time to time and without prior notice. We will indicate at the top of the Terms and Conditions the date on which they were last updated and any use of the site following such a change assumes acceptance of the new Terms and Conditions.
General Terms of Use
Terms of use of the website
You may use the website only in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and, in any event, for lawful and proper purposes which include complying with all applicable laws, regulations and codes of practice within the UK and any other jurisdiction from which you are accessing the site.
In using the site you agree that you:
will provide true, accurate, current, complete and non misleading information on any registration form or as otherwise reasonably requested by TJX UK
will not disclose any unauthorised, false or fraudulent details
will not post, transmit or otherwise disseminate any information on or via the website which is or may be harmful, vulgar, obscene, defamatory, harmful, tortuous, racist or otherwise illegal or offensive
will not post, transmit or otherwise disseminate any materials that infringe the proprietary rights of any third party including intellectual property rights and rights of privacy
If you are provided with a User ID, password or other information as part of our procedures it is your responsibility to treat such information as confidential and not disclose it to any third party. TJX reserves the right to disable any User ID or password either chosen by you or allocated by TJX in the event that TJX believe you may have failed to comply with the Terms and Conditions.
You are responsible for your method of access to this website. You are also responsible to ensure that all persons accessing this website through your internet connection are aware and in compliance with the Terms and Conditions.
TJX UK will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of this website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Terms under which this website is provided
Access to this site is provided on a temporary basis and we reserve the right at any time to
withdraw or amend the service without notice
to withdraw access to some or all of the site
to suspend some or all of the services offered
remove goods , featured jobs or promotions from the site
cancel your registration and/or account without prior notice
report any breach under the Computer Misuse Act 1990 to the relevant law enforcement authorities and disclose your identity to them
deny access to the website where we reasonably believe (in our absolute discretion) that a user is in breach of any of these Terms and Conditions or our
Privacy Policy
Conditions of Making an Online Purchase
Buying Online
You may purchase certain goods online at tkmaxx.com. Please see our
Delivery information
for details of delivery charges and restrictions. The delivery times given are estimated and from time to time may be affected by events outside our control, for example inclement weather or postal strikes, for which we will not be responsible.
For the Free Standard Delivery on orders of over £100 or more, we reserve the right to withdraw the offer at any time and standard restrictions apply.
In order to make a purchase you will need to set up an account. We will ask for personal information in order to set up the account and you agree to provide accurate, current, complete and non misleading information. Our
Privacy Policy
outlines how this information will be collected and managed.
By placing an order online you make an offer to purchase in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. We will acknowledge receipt of your order both online and via an email order confirmation but this does not constitute our acceptance of your offer to purchase. Your offer has been accepted only when we have confirmed that the order has been dispatched. Payment is taken at the point of despatch.
You can return items within 28 days of receipt. Please see our
Returns Policy
for exclusions, conditions and method of return.
Presentation, pricing and availablility of goods
We always aim to ensure that all details, descriptions and prices appearing on this website are accurate, but from time to time errors may occur. While we try to accurately represent the colour of an item in our photography representation of the item may be affected by the settings of the computer on which it is viewed.
Where we have made an error in the price of an item on our site we reserve the right to withdraw this item from sale at this price and present it at the correct price. If you have placed an order at the incorrect price, we will inform you of the error and give you the opportunity to confirm your order at the correct price, or cancel the order.
All items sold are subject to availability and while every effort is made to fulfil your order, products turn over very quickly in our warehouse and on rare occasions the item you require may not be available although you have received a confirmation of your order. We will advise you by email if we have to cancel your order for this reason, and no payment will be taken.
Payment
All prices are inclusive of VAT. Delivery costs are charged in addition to the product price and included in the total cost. Any additional charges are clearly displayed where applicable and included in the total cost.
If you are paying by credit or debit card, we will carry out a standard pre-authorisation check on your card upon receiving your order to ensure there are sufficient funds to settle the transaction. Goods will not be despatched until the pre-authorisation check is complete.
We will charge your card only when your goods are despatched. Your credit card company may allocate funds from your card before we make this charge.
Right of Cancellation
If you are a consumer (i.e. you are not a business) you have the right to cancel your contract with us and receive a full refund. You have 14 days from the day on which you receive your order to notify us that you wish to cancel, and you may do so by writing to us at
customerservice@tjxeurope.com
If you receive the items from your order on different days, this cancellation period shall end 14 days after the day on which you receive the final item of your order. You must then return your order in full without delay, either by post (at your own cost and risk), or to store (at no cost). All goods contained in your order must be returned in their original condition (together with all packaging and labelling), and show no signs of use or damage. We reserve the right to refuse a refund if the goods do not meet this standard.
If you receive the items from your order on different days, this cancellation period shall end 14 days after the day on which you receive the final item of your order). You must then return your order in full without delay, either by post at your own cost and risk, or to store at no cost. All goods contained in your order must be returned in their original condition, together with all packaging and labelling, and show no signs of use or damage. We reserve the right to refuse a refund if the goods do not meet this standard.
If your contract is cancelled in full, we will provide you with a refund for the item(s) within 14 days of our receipt. If you have paid a delivery charge, we will also refund the standard delivery charge to you. Please note, if you have used one of our quicker delivery options we will only refund the standard delivery charge.
This right does not apply to perishable items, customised goods and items that are sealed for personal hygiene reasons where they have been unsealed, including jewellery worn in a piercing.
Gift Cards
Gift cards for use in TK Maxx and/or Homesense can be purchased in both TK Maxx and Homesense stores, at selected third party retail stores, and online. eGift cards or digital gift cards can be purchased from selected third party retailers.
Terms and Conditions of use
1. TK Maxx/Homesense gift cards, eGift cards, or digital gift cards can be used at any TK Maxx or Homesense store in the UK and online at tkmaxx.com. A TK Maxx/Homesense gift card, eGift card or digital gift card can only be used in the country in which that gift card, eGift card or digital gift card was purchased. You may only redeem your TK Maxx/Homesense gift card, eGift card or digital gift card in GB pounds sterling.
2. There are two types of gift card that could be issued to you: (a) an open value gift card; and (b) a specified value gift card. An open value gift card remains open and further amounts can be added to it from time to time so that at any one time the maximum credit value that can be registered on that gift card could be £999.99. A specified value card has a fixed amount of credit applied to it when it is purchased and further amounts of credit cannot be added once it has been purchased. You can ask in store what type of gift card, eGift card or digital gift card you hold if you are not sure.
3. TK Maxx/Homesense gift cards, eGift cards, or digital gift cards can only be used for the purchase of merchandise in TK Maxx and/or Homesense and cannot be used to purchase other TK Maxx/Homesense gift cards. No more than five TK Maxx/Homesense gift cards, or eGift cards, or digital gift cards can be used together in any one transaction. TK Maxx/Homesense gift cards, eGift cards, or digital gift cards cannot be returned or exchanged for cash at TK Maxx and/or Homesense.
4. You should treat your TK Maxx/Homesense gift card, or eGift card, or digital gift card as cash; you are solely responsible for its security. Lost, stolen or damaged gift cards, eGift cards, or digital gift cards will not be replaced. The TK Maxx/Homesense gift card, eGift card, or digital gift card is not a cheque guarantee, credit or charge card.
5. Purchases made with a TK Maxx/Homesense gift card, eGift card or digital gift card will be deducted from the balance of the TK Maxx/Homesense gift card, eGift card or digital gift card (as applicable) until the balance reaches zero credit (£0.00). No change can be given for purchases where the value of the goods bought is less than the value of credit on the TK Maxx/Homesense gift card, eGift card or digital gift card. Any remaining balance will be updated after each transaction and will stay on the TK Maxx/Homesense gift card, eGift card, or digital gift card for future purchases. If the purchase price of the goods exceeds the amount of credit on the TK Maxx/Homesense gift card, eGift card or digital gift card, the remaining cost of the goods to be purchased can be settled via another accepted payment method.
6. TK Maxx/Homesense gift cards have no expiry date. The eGift card or digital gift card may be issued with an expiry date and the expiry terms should be confirmed with the retailer supplying that eGift card or digital gift card.
7. You can check the balance on a TK Maxx/Homesense gift card, eGift card, or digital gift card in store or online at
www.tkmaxx.com
and/or at www.homesense.com.
8. The cost of anything you buy with the TK Maxx/Homesense gift card and return to store (in accordance with the TK Maxx and Homesense Returns Policy) will be refunded to a TK Maxx/Homesense gift card. If you made your purchase using an eGift card or digital gift card you will receive a new TK Maxx/ Homesense gift card with a credit value equal to the value of the goods that you are returning. This does not affect your statutory rights.
See full details of our Returns Policy by clicking here.
9. The funds on a TK Maxx/Homesense gift card, or eGift card, or digital gift card are not covered by the Financial Services Compensation scheme.
10. We may amend the terms and conditions of the TK Maxx/Homesense gift card, or eGift card, or digital gift card from time to time where we consider it reasonable and necessary to do so. This does not affect your legal rights.
Additional Terms and Conditions for Gift Cards purchased online
For full terms and conditions for TK Maxx/Homesense gift cards purchased online,
please see our gift card order page
.
For full terms and conditions for TK Maxx/Homesense e-gift cards purchased online,
please see our gift card order page
.
Terms Governing Web Content and its Use
Linking to this website
You may link to this website according to the following guidelines. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice if we believe these guidelines are not followed.
The link must be done in a way that is fair and legal and neither damages nor takes advantage of our reputation
The link must not suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists
You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
The website must not be framed on any other site.
The link must be made to the home page only.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to sites not owned or operated by TJX UK. These links are not intended to be referrals or endorsements of the linked sites and TJX UK provide them for your convenience only. TJX UK are not responsible or liable for any part of the linked site including any information presented. You should familiarise yourself with the terms and conditions and privacy policy of the linked site.
Our website may also contain links to other sites operated by TJX UK. We advise you to review the legal, privacy and security information for each such site to which you link as the terms and conditions and privacy policies may vary slightly from site to site.
Copyright, Trade Mark and other Intellectual Property Rights
Except as otherwise expressly noted, all images, illustrations, designs (including product designs), graphics, icons, photographs, text, audio clips, video clips and other materials that appear as part of the website as well as the selection, arrangement and organisation of the foregoing and the website as a whole (collectively "Content") are subject to copyright, trade mark, service mark, trade dress and/or other intellectual property rights or licences and rights of publicity and privacy, all worldwide rights, titles and interest in and to which are owned by, licensed or which may otherwise be used by TJX UK, TK Maxx, Homesense or our suppliers. All software used on this website is the property of TJX UK, its suppliers or third party suppliers as applicable and is protected by UK and international copyright and other intellectual property laws.
Guidelines for use
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from the website for your personal reference and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to material posted on the website
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as authors of material on the website must always be acknowledged
You must not use any part of the content on the website for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors
If you print off, copy or download any part of the website in breach of these terms and conditions, your right to use the website will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of materials you may have made
Submission and uploading material to our website
Other than personal information which is subject to our
Privacy Policy
, all comments, blogs, feedback, suggestions, ideas, original materials such as stories, artwork, computer code or product and marketing ideas and any other submissions disclosed, submitted or offered to TJX UK on or through the website or otherwise disclosed, submitted or offered by you to us (collectively "Submissions") shall be and remain the property of TJX UK. Such disclosure, submission or offer of Submissions and your agreement to these Terms and Conditions shall constitute an assignment to TJX UK of any intellectual property rights.
You warrant that any Submissions comply with those standards, and you indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. As such TJX UK will own exclusively all such rights, titles and interests and shall have the right to use, reproduce, create derivative works based upon, disclose, publish, distribute, display and publicly perform, any Submissions and not be limited in any way in its use, commercial or otherwise of any Submissions. Further, TK Maxx shall be under no obligation to maintain any Submissions in confidence, pay to users any compensation or royalties for any Submissions or provide attribution to any users for any Submissions. TJX UK shall have no obligation to keep confidential, use, return or review any Submissions.
TK Maxx will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials posted by you or any other use of the website.
Legal Clauses
Disclaimer of Liability
The website, its content, any material displayed on this website, any information available on or through this website and the software is provide "as is" and "as available" and without any guarantees, conditions or warranties of any kind, either express or implied, as to its accuracy to the fullest extent permitted pursuant to applicable laws.
Unless expressly stated to the contrary, to the fullest extent permitted by law, TK Maxx and its suppliers, content providers and advertisers will not be liable in contract, tort, (including, without limitation, negligence), pre-contract or other representations (other than fraudulent or negligent misrepresentations) or otherwise out of or in connection with the Terms and Conditions for:
Any economic losses (including without limitation loss of revenues, profits, contracts, business or anticipated savings) or
Any loss of goodwill or reputation or
Any special or indirect losses suffered or incurred arising out of or in connection to this website or the linked sites and any materials posted thereon
TJX UK does not represent or warrant that your use of the website, or the operation or function of the website or any services offered in connection with the website will be uninterrupted or error free; that defects on the website will be corrected; or that the website or its server or any links are free of viruses or other harmful elements. TJX UK makes no representations or warranty that the website, materials, software or any product offered or purchased through the website is applicable or appropriate for use or access in locations outside the United Kingdom.
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall limit TJX UK's liability for death or personal injury arising from negligence, nor for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor for any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited by law.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless TJX UK's directors, officers, employees, consultants, agents and affiliates, from any and all third-party claims, liability, damages and/or costs (including but not limited to, legal fees) arising from your use of this website or your breach of these Terms and Conditions.
Variation
TJX UK shall have the right in our absolute discretion at any time and without notice to amend, remove or vary the service and/or any page of this website.
Invalidity
If any part of the Terms and Conditions is unenforceable (including any provision in which we exclude our liability to you) the enforceability of any other part of the Terms and Conditions will not be affected. All other terms will remain in full force and effect. So far as possible where any term or part of a term can be severed or removed to render the remaining part valid, the term shall be interpreted accordingly. Alternatively, you agree that the term shall be rectified and interpreted in such a way that closely ressembles the original meaning of the term as is permitted by law.
Treasure Terms and Conditions
- What is Treasure?
- How to register for Treasure
- How Treasure works
- Treasure rewards
- Your Treasure card and managing your account
- Personal data
- Exclusions
- General terms
These are the Terms and Conditions for the Treasure Rewards Programme (“
Treasure
”). Before becoming a member of Treasure please ensure you carefully read these Terms and Conditions.
1. What is Treasure?
Treasure is the rewards programme from TK Maxx and Homesense. Collect Treasure keys to unlock rewards and surprises when you shop in-store or online at TK Maxx or in-store at Homesense in the United Kingdom and in-store at TK Maxx and Homesense in the Republic of Ireland.
There are two types of Treasure keys you can collect:
Shopping keys
Star keys
See term 3 for more details on the types of keys and term 4 for how many keys you need to qualify for a reward.
2. How to register for Treasure
To become a member of Treasure, you must be resident in England, Scotland, Wales, Northern Ireland, or Republic of Ireland, be aged 16 years or over and have your own personal email address.
To join Treasure, you are required to either:
Collect a Treasure card from a participating store and then register for free online at
www.tkmaxx.com/login
or
Register for a digital Treasure card online at
www.tkmaxx.com/login
.
When registering, you will need to create a TK Maxx online account, this is where your Treasure account sits. You must create a password to access your online account and provide your title, first name and surname.
If you already have a TK Maxx online account, you can register for Treasure in the ‘My Account’ section of your online account.
Following completion of your registration, you will receive a confirmation email. You will also receive one star key for registering.
If you pick up a card in-store and swipe it at the till on the same day, you must register your card at
www.tkmaxx.com/login
on that day in order for your purchase to be eligible for a shopping key. For online purchases, you must register your Treasure card online before the transaction is made to receive a shopping key.
All Treasure members are automatically issued a digital Treasure card. This can be accessed via your account on tkmaxx.com. If you only have a digital Treasure card but wish to have a physical Treasure card, you will need to pick up a card in store and update your account with the new card number. If you register for a digital Treasure card online, you will not be sent a physical Treasure card.
To add your Treasure card to your Apple Wallet or Google Pay, visit your Treasure account
www.tkmaxx.com/treasure
and click on the Apple Wallet or Google Pay icon and ‘add to wallet’.
3. How Treasure works
Treasure keys
Shopping keys:
You can earn shopping keys in all TK Maxx or Homesense stores in England, Wales, Scotland, Northern Ireland and Republic of Ireland. If you are resident in the England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland you can also earn shopping keys when making a purchase online at
www.tkmaxx.com
.
To earn the shopping key in-store, you must scan your Treasure card at the till when you make a purchase.
To earn the shopping key online, you must be logged into your TK Maxx online account when you make a purchase. You will not receive a shopping key if you use ‘guest checkout’ to make a purchase.
If you forget to scan your Treasure card in store, you can enter your receipt details in the ‘My keys’ section of your online account. Click on ‘ENTER RECEIPT’ and enter the required details.
You can earn up to a maximum of 3 shopping keys per day. One at a TK Maxx store, one at a Homesense store and one online at tkmaxx.com (UK only).
When you shop at one of our superstores (where a TK Maxx and Homesense are in the same building), you will only receive one shopping key per day for your purchases bought at that store. This will show on your account as a TK Maxx shopping key.
Star Keys:
You can get one star key for each of the following actions:
Registering for Treasure – either by registering your physical card online, or signing up digitally
You will receive a star key when you register to Treasure for the first time.
Completing your profile
If you are a new tkmaxx.com customer signing up to Treasure and do not already have a tkmaxx.com account, you can earn a star key for fully completing your profile information for the first time in the ‘My Account’ section of you online account. You will receive a Treasure key notification email if you have received a star key for this action.
Refer a friend
You can earn a star key by referring friends to Treasure – one star key for each friend that signs up to Treasure.
To refer a friend, you need to go to the Treasure homepage of your online account where you can find your referral code and send it to your friends.
Your friend must use your referral code to direct them to Treasure and register, in order for you to receive a star key.
You will earn a star key for every friend that registers using your referral link.
Choosing a reward
You will earn a star key for choosing a reward, to help you start collecting keys again.
You may only earn one star key for choosing a reward in any one calendar day.
Other ways to earn keys (Key Codes)
If you have been given a key code, enter the code into your online account and it will be verified.
As a Treasure member, there will be other opportunities to earn Treasure keys, which will be communicated to you via email and which will have separate T&Cs.
4. Treasure rewards
You need to collect five keys and at least three of them need to be shopping keys to redeem a reward. You can then choose a reward. Here are the combinations of keys that will qualify you to choose a reward:
3 shopping keys + 2 star keys
4 shopping keys + 1 star key
5 shopping keys
Once you have five Treasure keys of the correct combination, you will have six weeks to choose a reward. The six weeks starts from the date at which the fifth qualifying key is added to your Treasure account.
If you do not choose a reward by the end of the six-week period your reward qualification will expire and you will need to collect 5 additional keys to qualify again.
Treasure rewards come and go depending on the units available for each reward. You will be able to see what rewards are available at any given time by checking the rewards section of
www.tkmaxx.com/treasure
.
Rewards will vary by country (Great Britain, Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland) and are subject to having the right amount and combination of keys. Rewards will be a mixture of ones you can claim straight away and the opportunity to enter prize draws. Prize draw rewards are awarded to members through a mechanic which is independently run by a promotional verification service once the prize draw period has closed.
Separate terms and conditions for each reward and prize draws will apply.
When you select a reward, you may be asked to provide additional information, such as postal address, solely for the purpose of fulfilling a reward.
For fulfilment of physical rewards, please allow up to 30 working days for delivery. We accept no liability for any reward which is lost, delayed or damaged in the post for reasons which are beyond our reasonable control.
If a selected reward is unavailable for any reason, we reserve the right to substitute it for another reward for equal or higher value.
Reward, Prize Draw and competition winners (
Winners
) may be asked to participate in reasonable publicity that relates to their respective winnings. This may include making the following details available: surname, county and reward they’ve won. Winners are not required to take part in publicity as part of Treasure and we will always ask Winners first.
Winners’ surnames and counties may be obtained by emailing treasure@promowinners.com for a period of 8 weeks following the end of the relevant calendar month for that reward (where the winner has not objected to this data being shared). You have the right to object to all or some of your personal information being shared and you can object by contacting treasure@promowinners.com at or before the time of entry but we will still provide the Winner's surnames and counties upon request from the Advertising Standards Authority.
There is no cash alternative for any rewards that may be made available to you as a result of your participation in Treasure and rewards are non-transferable, non-exchangeable and non-refundable. Rewards can only be earned, and redeemed as set out in these Terms. Any other use, award, sale, exchange or transfer of rewards, or attempt to do so, is a breach of these Terms. Except as set out in the applicable Terms and Conditions for a reward, we accept no liability for any costs associated with the reward, and give no representations or warranties about the quality or suitability of the rewards.
5. Your Treasure card and managing your account
The Treasure card is not transferrable and cannot be copied. It can only be used by the member who is named and registered for the card. Treasure cards shall remain our property at all times and we may, at our sole discretion, with no notice, ask that you return or destroy the Treasure card.
You are only entitled to one (1) Treasure card per person. If we identify that you hold two (2) or more Treasure cards, we may merge them into one account at our discretion.
If a Treasure card is lost, stolen or you think an unauthorised person has become aware of your password, you should contact our Customer Services team by email via our contact form on
www.tkmaxx.com/contact-us-message
. We shall not be responsible in any way for any losses arising from the unauthorised use of a password or your account.
It is important that you ensure any changes to your personal or membership details are updated on your online account. We will not be responsible for any loss of benefits resulting from details being out of date or inaccurate.
To opt out of Treasure, select ‘Cancel my Treasure account’ within your online account. Alternatively, you can contact our Customer Services team by emailing customerservice@tjxeurope.com. We may need to contact you for account administration purposes, only even if you opt out of marketing. Cancelling your account means you will no longer be a member of the Treasure, your account will cease to be active and you will lose any keys you have earned. If you want to join again in the future, you will need to open a new Treasure account.
6. Personal data
By participating in Treasure, you agree that we can collect and use information about you, including your registration details, information about your purchases and other information that you supply for the purposes set out in these Terms. We will not release personal details to any third party for their own marketing purposes. Your personal details will at all times be kept confidential and in accordance with our Privacy Notice, a copy of which is available at
www.tkmaxx.com/privacy-cookie-policy
We will collect entrants’ data for the purposes of administering a reward and to contact entrants about additional promotions, competitions and prize draws run by Treasure. We will share entrants’ data with authorised third parties to independently assist with the administration of our promotions and for reward fulfilment purposes only. We may also request your postal address in order for you to receive your reward, this will be communicated in the reward communications where necessary.
7. Exclusions
Members’ claims for rewards will be disqualified if we reasonably believe that there has been an attempt to manipulate or tamper with the operation of a reward or the member has not complied with these Terms. Proof of identity may be required to verify your eligibility to choose a reward (such as proof of age or other eligibility), and failure to provide proof of identity may result in disqualification from a reward.
Bulk entries made from trade, consumer groups, third parties or syndicates will not be accepted and entries made online using methods generated by a script, bot, macro or the use of automated devices will be void. Incomplete or illegible claims and claims which do not satisfy the requirements of these Terms in full will be disqualified.
8. General terms
For residents of England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, Treasure is operated by
TJX UK
, of 73 Clarendon Road, Watford WD17 1TX (registered in England and Wales with company registration number 03094828); and, for residents of Ireland, Treasure is operated by
TJX IRELAND UNLIMITED COMPANY
, of 12 Northbrook Road, Ranelagh, Dublin 6, Ireland (registered in Ireland with company registration number 316341), (together "
we/us/our/Promoter
”).
These Terms set out the terms of the agreement between us and you as a member of Treasure and these Terms govern the use of any Treasure card, participation in Treasure and the redemption of rewards by you and any promotions associated with Treasure.
If unforeseen circumstances beyond our reasonable control occur and we are unable to provide Treasure or any part of Treasure (including the Rewards) to you, we may cancel, withdraw or alter Treasure or any part of Treasure, including the Terms, any individual Treasure card and any Rewards by giving notice to you.
Should you choose to participate in Treasure these are the Terms that will apply. These Terms were most recently updated on 19 July 2022.
Treasure is currently being operated across all participating TK Maxx and Homesense stores in the UK, Republic of Ireland and on
www.tkmaxx.com
for UK residents. We reserve the right to trial, add or remove different parts of Treasure (including a part of the programme or a Reward) which may include making changes to the participating stores from time to time and we will inform you by giving reasonable notice to you if we add or remove different elements.
Treasure is for personal use by Treasure members only. The Treasure cards may not be used for any business or commercial purpose. If you use Treasure, the Treasure card and/or a reward for any commercial, business or re-sale purpose, we will have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption or loss of business opportunity.
The Treasure card and/or your online account does not constitute proof of purchase of goods purchased in store or online.
If you act in any way which is deemed by us (acting reasonably) to be fraudulent, inappropriate, misleading or abusive, in breach of the Terms or which brings our reputation into disrepute, then we have the right to cancel your Treasure membership (including your account), cancel or withdraw any rewards you currently have on your account and request the Treasure card is returned to us or destroyed.
We will not be liable to you for the losses you suffer when you sign up to Treasure or for any subsequent use of Treasure and the Rewards (including choosing, selecting and the fulfilment of Rewards) relating to any delay and/or for any failure by us to perform any obligations including:
an act or omission of a third party;
any loss or damage which arises from or in connection with Treasure and/or a Reward;
any other event which is beyond our control that may cause:
Treasure to be corrupted or disrupted; and/or
a Reward to be disrupted;
any technical problem which may limit or prevent your use of Treasure and/or the fulfilment of a Reward.
Our liability is not limited in any way for death or personal injury which is caused by our negligence.
In the United Kingdom, Treasure and its Terms are governed by English law and wherever you live you can bring claims against us in the English courts. If you live in Wales, Scotland or Northern Ireland, you can also bring claims against us in the courts of the country you live in. We can claim against you in the courts of the country you live in.
In the Republic of Ireland, Treasure and its Terms are governed by Irish law and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts.
Terms and Conditions for Promotions and Competitions
Meadowhall  ‘Golden Label’ Treasure Hunt Terms and Conditions
GB, 18+ only. Visit the TK Maxx Meadowhall store between 10:00 – 16:00 on 27/11/25 and find a winning label within the store. Once found, take the winning label to a Brand Ambassador at the “Golden Label Treasure Hunt” located by the pop-up stand in store to redeem a Prize. Prizes can only be redeemed between 10:00 - 16:00 on 27/11/25. Prizes: 70 x £5, 20 x £10 and 10 x £20 TK Maxx/Homesense Gift Cards. Max 1 entry and 1 Prize per person. For full Terms and Prize details, see the promotional stand in-store. Promoter: TJX UK, 73 Clarendon Road, Watford, Hertfordshire, WD17 1TX.
Full Terms and Conditions
This Promotion is open to residents of Great Britain aged 18 or over, excluding employees of TJX, their group companies, their families (defined as parents, children, siblings, spouse and life partners), agents or anyone else professionally connected with this Promotion.
Purchase is not necessary.
Promotion Period: Enter and locate a winning label between 10:00 GMT – 16:00 GMT on Thursday 27 November 2025 at the TK Maxx Meadowhall located at Meadowhall Centre, Sheffield S9 1EP.
To Enter: Visit the TK Maxx Meadowhall located at Meadowhall Centre, Sheffield S9 1EP and find a winning Gold label. Once found, take the winning label to a Brand Ambassador at the ‘Found a golden label stand’ to redeem a Prize.
Maximum of one entry is permitted per person during the Promotion Period. No person may win more than 1 Prize. In the event of an entrant having more than one winning label, only one winning label will be accepted, and any others will be hidden in store for another entrant to find.
The hidden location of the winning labels within the store will be pre-determined before the Promotion Period has started. All winning labels have been made available to be won in a fair and random process.
Prizes: There will be a total of 100 prizes available to be won. Each winner will win 1 x Prize.
10 x £20 Homesense/TK Maxx gift card
20 x £10 Homesense/TK Maxx gift card
70 x £5 Homesense/TK Maxx gift card
Further Prize Details and Conditions:
The gift cards can be used in any TK Maxx or Homesense Store in the United Kingdom only, in a single or multiple transaction, and are subject to additional terms and conditions which can be found on www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en/terms-and-conditions.
The gift cards have no expiry date.
Winners will not receive any refund if the full gift voucher is not used.
By participating in the Promotion, entrants agree that the Prize is awarded on an "as is" basis, and that the Promoter makes no representations or warranties of any nature with respect to the Prize.
The Prize must be taken as stated and no compensation will be payable if a winner is unable to use the Prize as stated. The winner will be liable for all costs and expenses not stated relating to claiming the prize.
Prize claiming: If you find a winning label, you will be required to follow the instructions on the winning label by the end of the Promotion Period to participate in the ‘Golden Label Treasure Hunt’. In the eventuality that two or more people come across a winning label at the same time, the winner will be the entrant that claims the Prize by returning the winning label to the Brand Ambassador at the ‘Find a Golden Label stand’. Any claims received that do not meet these requirements or are received after the Promotion Period will be void and invalid.
Prize acceptance: Once eligibility of a Prize is confirmed and the Prize is accepted, the Prize will be awarded to the winner immediately. In the unlikely event that the winner does not receive their Prize immediately, they must inform a Brand Ambassador member before they leave the TK Maxx store they have visited. If a winner does not do so, the Promoter reserves the right to not reissue the Prize at its sole discretion.
Provided no objection is received from the winners, a winners list containing the surname and county of residence of the winners will be made available by the Promoter 4 weeks after the close of the Promotion Period, for a period of 8 weeks. It will be available by sending a request via email to hello@undercurrent.uk.net. The winners can object to their details being published during the claim process. Without prejudice, the Promoter will provide winner information to the Advertising Standards Authority when requested by them.
The Promoter may request that the winners participate in publicity arising from the Promotion. Participation is at the winner’s discretion and is not a condition of Prize Acceptance.
The Promoter seeks to run a fair and secure promotion and prevent abuse and cheating. If you enter in a way that is not consistent with these Terms & Conditions, your entry (and any of your associated aliases) will be disqualified. Any Prize awarded may be void and recoverable, and the Promoter reserves the right to bar you from entering future promotions for a period of at least six months. For this reason, the Promoter reserves the right at any point to:
Verify the eligibility of entrants and/or provisional winners by requesting such information it consider reasonably necessary for this purpose. Entry or a Prize may be withheld until verification is completed.
Disqualify entries that are not made directly by the individual entering the Promotion.
Disqualify bulk entries from individuals, trade, consumer groups or third parties, incomplete entries and entries submitted by macros or other automated means.
Disqualify entries beyond the maximum allowed, or those, using aliases or identities other than their own or any other means.
Disqualify entrants who tamper with the entry process.
Disqualify entries which, in some other way, do not meet the requirements of these Terms & Conditions.
Cancel, modify or suspend the Promotion should it not be capable of running as planned for reasons including but not limited to tampering, unauthorised intervention, fraud, dishonesty, technical failures, or any other causes beyond the control of the Promoter which corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this Promotion.
The Prizes are not transferable or exchangeable and cannot be redeemed for any other form of compensation. If for any reason the Prizes are not available, the Promoter reserves the right, at its sole discretion to substitute that Prize for another of equal or greater value.
No responsibility can be taken for entries which are lost, delayed, corrupted, damaged, misdirected or incomplete or which cannot be delivered for any technical, delivery or other reason. Proof of sending will not be accepted as proof of receipt.
The Promoter and its associated agencies and companies are not liable for any loss (including, without limitation, indirect, special or consequential loss or loss of profits), expense or damage which is suffered or sustained (whether or not arising from any person’s negligence) in connection with this Promotion (JS16101) or accepting or using the/a Prize(s), except for any liability which cannot be excluded by law.  Nothing will exclude the Promotor’s liability for death or personal injury as a result of its negligence.
The Promoter will not be liable for any delay or failure to comply with its obligations for reasons beyond its reasonable control arising from but not limited to Acts of God, global or regional epidemic or pandemic, adverse weather conditions, fire, industrial dispute, war, terrorist activity, hostilities, political unrest, riots, civil commotion, plague or other natural calamities, or any other circumstances.
All personal data supplied for this Promotion will be used solely for the purpose of this Promotion by the Promoter and/or by any agent appointed by it to assist with running the Promotion and will not be disclosed to an unconnected third party unless your positive consent has been obtained. Your personal data will be handled in accordance with the Promoter’s privacy policy, available at: www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en/privacy-cookie-policy.
If any part/s of these Terms & Conditions are legally ruled to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remainder will not be affected and will continue in full force and effect.
By entering, you will be deemed to have agreed to be bound by these Terms & Conditions.
If there is a discrepancy between these Terms & Conditions and those in any promotional material, these Terms & Conditions will prevail.
These Terms & Conditions are governed by English law and their interpretation and application will be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. Residents of Scotland may bring proceedings in their own jurisdiction.
Promoter: TJX UK, a company registered in England and Wales under registration number 3094828 and whose registered office is at 73 Clarendon Road, Watford, Hertfordshire, WD17 1TX.
Eastbourne 'Golden Label' Treasure Hunt Terms and Conditions
GB, 18+ only. Visit the TK Maxx Eastbourne Beacon store between 10:00 – 16:00 on 23/10/25 and find a winning label within the store. Once found, take the winning label to a Brand Ambassador at the “Golden Label Treasure Hunt” located by the pop-up stand in store to redeem a Prize. Prizes can only be redeemed between 10:00 - 16:00 on 23/10/25. Prizes: 2 x £50, 10 x £10 and 50 x £5 TK Maxx/Homesense Gift Cards. Max 1 entry and 1 Prize per person. For full Terms and Prize details, see the promotional stand in-store. Promoter: TJX UK, 73 Clarendon Road, Watford, Hertfordshire, WD17 1TX.
Full Terms and Conditions
This Promotion is open to residents of Great Britain aged 18 or over, excluding employees of TJX, their group companies, their families (defined as parents, children, siblings, spouse and life partners), agents or anyone else professionally connected with this Promotion.
Purchase is not necessary.
Promotion Period
: Enter and locate a winning label between 10:00 GMT – 16:00 GMT on Thursday 23 October 2025 at the TK Maxx Eastbourne located at The Beacon Shopping Centre, Terminus Road, Eastbourne BN21 3NW.
To Enter
: Visit the TK Maxx Eastbourne located at The Beacon Shopping Centre, Terminus Road, Eastbourne BN21 3NW and find a winning Gold label. Once found, take the winning label to a Brand Ambassador at the ‘Found a golden label stand’ to redeem a Prize.
Maximum of one entry is permitted per person during the Promotion Period. No person may win more than 1 Prize. In the event of an entrant having more than one winning label, only one winning label will be accepted, and any others will be hidden in store for another entrant to find.
The hidden location of the winning labels within the store will be pre-determined before the Promotion Period has started. All winning labels have been made available to be won in a fair and random process.
Prizes
: There will be a total of 62 prizes available to be won. Each winner will win 1 x Prize.
2 x £50 Homesense/TK Maxx gift card
10 x £10 Homesense/TK Maxx gift card
50 x £5 Homesense/TK Maxx gift card
Further Prize Details and Conditions:
The gift cards can be used in any TK Maxx or Homesense Store in the United Kingdom only, in a single or multiple transaction, and are subject to additional terms and conditions which can be found on www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en/terms-and-conditions.
The gift cards have no expiry date.
Winners will not receive any refund if the full gift voucher is not used.
By participating in the Promotion, entrants agree that the Prize is awarded on an "as is" basis, and that the Promoter makes no representations or warranties of any nature with respect to the Prize.
The Prize must be taken as stated and no compensation will be payable if a winner is unable to use the Prize as stated. The winner will be liable for all costs and expenses not stated relating to claiming the prize.
Prize claiming
: If you find a winning label, you will be required to follow the instructions on the winning label by the end of the Promotion Period to participate in the ‘Golden Label Treasure Hunt’. In the eventuality that two or more people come across a winning label at the same time, the winner will be the entrant that claims the Prize by returning the winning label to the Brand Ambassador at the ‘Find a Golden Label stand’. Any claims received that do not meet these requirements or are received after the Promotion Period will be void and invalid.
Prize acceptance
: Once eligibility of a Prize is confirmed and the Prize is accepted, the Prize will be awarded to the winner immediately. In the unlikely event that the winner does not receive their Prize immediately, they must inform a Brand Ambassador member before they leave the TK Maxx store they have visited. If a winner does not do so, the Promoter reserves the right to not reissue the Prize at its sole discretion.
Provided no objection is received from the winners, a winners list containing the surname and county of residence of the winners will be made available by the Promoter 4 weeks after the close of the Promotion Period, for a period of 8 weeks. It will be available by sending a request via email to hello@undercurrent.uk.net. The winners can object to their details being published during the claim process. Without prejudice, the Promoter will provide winner information to the Advertising Standards Authority when requested by them.
The Promoter may request that the winners participate in publicity arising from the Promotion. Participation is at the winner’s discretion and is not a condition of Prize Acceptance.
The Promoter seeks to run a fair and secure promotion and prevent abuse and cheating. If you enter in a way that is not consistent with these Terms & Conditions, your entry (and any of your associated aliases) will be disqualified. Any Prize awarded may be void and recoverable, and the Promoter reserves the right to bar you from entering future promotions for a period of at least six months. For this reason, the Promoter reserves the right at any point to:
Verify the eligibility of entrants and/or provisional winners by requesting such information it consider reasonably necessary for this purpose. Entry or a Prize may be withheld until verification is completed.
Disqualify entries that are not made directly by the individual entering the Promotion.
Disqualify bulk entries from individuals, trade, consumer groups or third parties, incomplete entries and entries submitted by macros or other automated means.
Disqualify entries beyond the maximum allowed, or those, using aliases or identities other than their own or any other means.
Disqualify entrants who tamper with the entry process.
Disqualify entries which, in some other way, do not meet the requirements of these Terms & Conditions.
Cancel, modify or suspend the Promotion should it not be capable of running as planned for reasons including but not limited to tampering, unauthorised intervention, fraud, dishonesty, technical failures, or any other causes beyond the control of the Promoter which corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this Promotion.
The Prizes are not transferable or exchangeable and cannot be redeemed for any other form of compensation. If for any reason the Prizes are not available, the Promoter reserves the right, at its sole discretion to substitute that Prize for another of equal or greater value.
No responsibility can be taken for entries which are lost, delayed, corrupted, damaged, misdirected or incomplete or which cannot be delivered for any technical, delivery or other reason. Proof of sending will not be accepted as proof of receipt.
The Promoter and its associated agencies and companies are not liable for any loss (including, without limitation, indirect, special or consequential loss or loss of profits), expense or damage which is suffered or sustained (whether or not arising from any person’s negligence) in connection with this Promotion (JS16101) or accepting or using the/a Prize(s), except for any liability which cannot be excluded by law.  Nothing will exclude the Promotor’s liability for death or personal injury as a result of its negligence.
The Promoter will not be liable for any delay or failure to comply with its obligations for reasons beyond its reasonable control arising from but not limited to Acts of God, global or regional epidemic or pandemic, adverse weather conditions, fire, industrial dispute, war, terrorist activity, hostilities, political unrest, riots, civil commotion, plague or other natural calamities, or any other circumstances.
All personal data supplied for this Promotion will be used solely for the purpose of this Promotion by the Promoter and/or by any agent appointed by it to assist with running the Promotion and will not be disclosed to an unconnected third party unless your positive consent has been obtained. Your personal data will be handled in accordance with the Promoter’s privacy policy, available at: www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en/privacy-cookie-policy.
If any part/s of these Terms & Conditions are legally ruled to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remainder will not be affected and will continue in full force and effect.
By entering, you will be deemed to have agreed to be bound by these Terms & Conditions.
If there is a discrepancy between these Terms & Conditions and those in any promotional material, these Terms & Conditions will prevail.
These Terms & Conditions are governed by English law and their interpretation and application will be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. Residents of Scotland may bring proceedings in their own jurisdiction.
Promoter
: TJX UK, a company registered in England and Wales under registration number 3094828 and whose registered office is at 73 Clarendon Road, Watford, Hertfordshire, WD17 1TX.
Treasure sign up card competition
Summary Terms and Conditions
UK resident, 16+ only and excludes existing Treasure Account holders. Online Registered customers only.
Enter
(automatically): Sign up for a Treasure account via scanning the QR code on the Treasure sign up cards and register for the Treasure loyalty program between 00:01 on 20/11/2025 and 23:59 on 11/12/2025.
Prize(s):
1 of 5 £100 TK Maxx/Homesense digital gift cards. 1 entry p/person.
Full Terms and Conditions:
This Promotion is only open to residents of the United Kingdom, aged 16 or over.
You may not enter this Promotion if you are:
already an existing Treasure account holder;
an employee, agent or supplier of the Promoter or of its group companies;
a member of the immediate families of a) above; or
professionally connected with the Promotion or its administration.
Entry
: To be automatically entered into this Promotion you must, between 00:01 on 20/11/2025 and 23:59 on 11/12/2025 (the
Promotion Period
):
Scan
the QR code on the Treasure sign up cards and register for the Treasure loyalty program during the promotion period
Entries must be received during the Promotional Period. Entries received outside of the Promotion Period will not be accepted and will not be entered into the Promotion.
You can opt out of this Promotion at any time by emailing Treasure_queries@tjx.com.
There is a limit of one (1) entry per person. Entries on behalf of another person will not be accepted and joint submissions to the Promotion are not allowed.
There will be a maximum of five (5) winner(s). The winner(s) will be chosen at random on
16th December 2025
by a randomised computer process from all valid entries received.
The winner(s) will win a £100 TK Maxx/Homesense digital gift card which be redeemed in store at any TK Maxx or Homesense store, or online https://www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en (each a "Prize"). The Promoter does not accept any responsibility for any costs which are associated with the Prize which are not expressly included in the Prize and any other costs incurred are the responsibility of the winner(s).
The Promoter will notify the winner(s), at the email registered to their Treasure account, by email within 28 days of the end of the Promotion Period and shall provide the Prize within the email, including the gift card long number and pin code.
The Prize is subject to their own terms and conditions which may be viewed here:
https://www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en/terms-and-conditions; and
https://www.homesense.com/terms-and-conditions
The Prize can be redeemed in any TK Maxx and/or Homesense store in the United Kingdom during trading hours (the winner(s) must present the long number and pin code received in their at checkout) and online at https://www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en and https://www.homesense.com. No refund will be given if the full value of the gift card is not redeemed.
The Prize is subject to availability and the Promoter reserves the right to substitute the Prize with a prize of equal or greater value. The Prize cannot be exchanged, transferred or redeemed for cash.
Any and all personal data supplied for the running of this Promotion will be used solely for the purpose of this Promotion by the Promoter and/or by any agent appointed by it to assist with running the Promotion on behalf of the Promoter and will not be disclosed to a third party for any other purpose unless your positive consent has been obtained. Your personal data will be handled in accordance with the Promoter’s privacy policy, available at: https://www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en/privacy-cookie-policy.
Subject to paragraphs 17 and 18, and without prejudice to the Promoter's data protection obligations under relevant law, the Promoter shall make available, upon receipt of a written request to treasure_queries<="" li="" style="box-sizing: inherit;">
Entrants to the promotion shall, at or before the time of entry, have the right to object to all or some of their personal information being made available in accordance with paragraph 16. You can object by contacting treasure_queries
Without prejudice to paragraph 16 and notwithstanding paragraph 17 above, the Promoter shall provide the information set out in paragraph 16 upon request from the Advertising Standards Authority.
The Promoter will not accept entries that are: a) automatically generated by computer; b) completed by third parties or in bulk; c) illegible, have been altered, reconstructed, forged or tampered with; or d) incomplete. The Promoter may require you to provide proof that you are eligible to enter the Promotion.
In the event that the Promotion is not capable of running as planned for reasons including but not limited to tampering, unauthorised intervention, fraud, dishonesty, technical failures, or any other causes beyond the control of the Promoter which corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this Promotion, the Promoter reserves the right to disqualify any individual who tampers with the entry process or does not comply with these Terms & Conditions and to cancel, modify or suspend the Promotion or invalidate any affected entries.
The Promoter does not guarantee continuous or secure access to their website or any website referred to in these Terms & Conditions.
The Promoter is not responsible for entries that are lost, mislaid, damaged or delayed in transit, regardless of cause, including, for example, as a result of any postal failure, equipment failure, technical malfunction, systems, satellite, network, server, computer hardware or software failure of any kind.
If there is any reason to believe that there has been a breach of these Terms & Conditions, the Promoter may, at its sole discretion, reserve the right to exclude you from participating in the Promotion. The Promoter reserves the right to hold void, suspend, cancel, or amend the Promotion where it becomes necessary to do so due to unforeseen circumstances.
The Promoter's decision is final in relation to this Promotion and no correspondence will be entered into.
Entrants agree that, to the extent permitted by law, the Promoter and their employees, will not be responsible for any liability for any losses or damages of any kind resulting from the use of a Prize or participation in this Promotion. Nothing in these terms shall be construed to limit or exclude any liability of the Promoter for fraudulent misrepresentation, fraud, death or personal injury caused by the Promoter’s negligence or any other liability to the extent the same may not be excluded or limited as a matter of law.
Should an act, omission, event or circumstance occur which is beyond the reasonable control of the Promoter and which prevents the Promoter from complying with these Terms & Conditions the Promoter will not be liable for any failure to perform or delay in performing its obligations.
The Terms & Conditions of the Treasure Loyalty Programme shall apply to this Promotion (which can be found at www.tkmaxx.com/terms-and-conditions) and to the extent of any conflict, these Terms & Conditions shall apply.
If any provisions of these Terms & Conditions are judged to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, this will not affect or impact the continuation in full force and effect the remainder of the provisions.
By entering this Promotion, you will be deemed to have agreed to be bound by these Terms & Conditions.
In the event of a discrepancy between these Terms & Conditions and the details in any promotional material, the details in the Terms & Conditions will prevail.
These Terms & Conditions, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by English law. You and the Promoter both agree that the courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction except that if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
Promoter
: TJX Europe, 73 Clarendon Road, Watford, WD17 1TX.
TK Maxx November Shop, Scan, Win
Summary Terms & Conditions:
UK, 18+, Treasure members only. 09:00 03/11/25 – 23:59 30/11/25.  Shop, Scan, Win! Valid purchase, internet access, Treasure membership & email address required to participate.
Instant Win:
Visit
www.treasureshopscanwin.co.uk
& enter your Treasure card number to find out instantly if you have won a Prize.
Prizes
:
Instant Win:
Top-
Tier:
1 x 3-night trip to Toronto & 2-night trip to Niagara Falls for 2 people including: accommodation, daily breakfast, 1 x dinner in Toronto, 4-hour guided tour of Toronto, 1 x dinner in Niagara Falls, 4-hour Niagara Falls tour & £500 spending money.
Mid-
Tier:
2 x luxury countryside spa break for 2 people including: travel allowance, 1-night hotel accommodation, breakfast, access to spa facilities, 5-course dinner, 1x spa treatment per person, 1 x Homesense stylist personal shopping experience with Ellie Fenlon
Low-
Tier:
500 x 6” x 6” FreePrints Softcover Photo Book, 2500 x Standard Delivery codes for tkmaxx.com, 100 x £5 digital TK Maxx gift card. Max 1 entry & Prize per person per day. Visit www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en/terms-and-conditions for full T&Cs & Prize details.
Promoter:
TJX UK
,
73 Clarendon Road, Watford, WD17 1TX
Full Terms & Conditions:
Eligibility
: To be eligible to enter this Promotion, participants must: (i) be residents of the United Kingdom; (ii) aged at least 18 or over; (iii) be a member of our Treasure Reward Programme; (iv) have made a Valid Purchase in accordance with these Terms and Conditions; (v) have access to the internet; and (vi) hold a valid email address for communication purposes and
NOT
fall within one or more of the “Prohibited Persons” categories listed in Section 1(A) below.
Prohibited Persons
: unless otherwise specified in these terms and conditions, the following individuals are not eligible to enter this Promotion:
any employees, officers, and/or directors of the Promoter who are directly involved in the administration of this Promotion (or any entity under common control with the Promoter); or
or any employees, officers, and/or directors of any third-parties (if applicable) who are directly involved in the administration of this Promotion.
Valid Purchase
means the purchase of any product from a TK Maxx or Homesense store or the TK Maxx website during the promotional period. Proof of purchase (such as a receipt or order confirmation) may be required to validate entry.
Promotion Period:
Enter between 09:00am GMT on the 3
rd
November 2025 and 23:59pm GMT on the 30
th
November 2025 inclusive.
To Enter:
Scan, Shop, Win:
To enter this Promotion, simply: (i)
Scan your Treasure card when making a purchase in-store at TK Maxx, or Homesense or ensure your card is linked to your online account when shopping via the website; (ii) click the link in the email you are sent after your purchase; (iii) spin the wheel for the chance to win!
Instant Win:
Visit
www.treasureshopscanwin.co.uk
, and spin the wheel to find out instantly if you have won a Prize.
Entry Limit
:
Maximum of 1 entry per valid purchase is permitted per person, per day, during the Promotion Period. No person may win more than 1 Prize per day.
Winner Selection:
Instant Win:
During the Promotion Period, 3,104 “winning moments” (days, hours, minutes, seconds), have been randomly selected. The first valid entry on or after that winning moment will be awarded the Prize. If no entry is received between one winning moment to the next, the Prize from that winning moment will be rolled over, creating an additional winning moment. All 3,104 Prizes are available to be won.
Prizes:
Instant Win:
During the Promotion Period, there are a total of 3,104 Prizes to be won. Prizes will be allocated randomly.
Top-Tier:
1 x 3-night trip to Toronto & 2-night trip to Niagara Falls for 2 people including:
Accommodation and breakfast
1 x dinner in Toronto
1 x 4-hour guided tour of Toronto
1 x dinner in Niagara Falls
1 x 4-hour Niagara Falls tour
1 x £500 spending money
Mid-Tier:
2 x luxury countryside spa break for 2 people including:
travel allowance
1-night hotel accommodation
Breakfast
access to spa facilities
5-course dinner
1x spa treatment per person
1 x Homesense  personal shopping experience with interior designer Ellie Fenlon including:
2 hour session in your local store
£1000 gift card
Low-Tier:
500 x 6” x 6” FreePrints Softcover Photo Book
2500 x Standard Delivery code for tkmaxx.com
500 x £5 digital TK Maxx gift cards
Further Prize Details and Conditions:
Trip to Toronto & Niagara Falls:
Return flights from major international airports in the UK to Toronto, including taxes, fees and one item of checked luggage per person.
Return private airport transfers in Toronto.
3 nights’ hotel accommodation in Toronto, with a four-star rating, based on sharing a double or twin room, including daily breakfast.
Three-course dinner at a restaurant in Toronto, provided to the maximum value of £75 per person including service charge.
4-hour guided tour of Toronto including harbour cruise and driving tour.
2 nights’ hotel accommodation near Niagara Falls, with a four-star rating, based on sharing a double or twin room, including daily breakfast.
Three-course dinner at a restaurant near Niagara Falls, provided to the maximum value of £75 per person including service charge.
4-hour Niagara Falls tour including hotel transfers, guide and admission.
£500 spending money.
Economy flights available from major international airports in the UK only.
Flights will be selected by Prize Provider and not all routings will be available.
Winner and guests must have full passport valid for at least 6 months at time of travel.
Any necessary visas are responsibility of winner and guests.
A valid credit or debit card will be required for security deposit purposes when checking into hotel accommodation.
Hotel accommodation is based on two adults sharing one double or twin room.
Hotel will be selected by prize provider at their sole discretion.
Prize is non-transferable and non-refundable.
No cash alternative is available.
All prize elements are subject to availability.
The prize cannot be taken from 21st December – 2nd January (Christmas and New Year), over UK bank holidays, or over Easter Sunday.
The prize is valid for 12 months from the date of notification of winning, and travel must be booked and completed within that time frame.
All elements of the prize must be taken at the same time.
Once booked, the prize cannot be altered or amended.
Both travellers must be aged 19 or over.
The prize excludes domestic ground transfers.
The prize excludes meals and drinks (except where stated above), excursions, attractions, treatments, car hire, visas and personal expenses and anything not expressly included in the prize.
The Prize Provider is Element London Ltd (www.element-london.com).
The Prize will be arranged by email between the Promoter’s prize fulfilment agency and the winner. The prize fulfilment agency will make all reasonable efforts to provide the winner with details of the prize at the earliest possible opportunity. The Promoter will have final discretion on all elements and aspects of how the prize is organised. Once the prize details including dates, locations are confirmed, this cannot be amended or altered by the winner.
Travel insurance will be supplied for the winner and their guest with no pre-existing medical conditions. Travel insurance is subject to restrictions and the terms and conditions of the insurance provider. It is the responsibility of the winner and their guest to meet any additional costs relating to obtaining insurance cover for any pre-existing medical conditions and/or for any additional costs as may be specified where the winner and/or their guest are aged 70 or over.
If a booking is cancelled by the winner, no alternative tickets will be issued and for the avoidance of doubt, no compensation and/or refund will be provided.
The winner will not be entitled to any compensation and will have no claim against the organisers if the holiday or any other event forming part of the prize is delayed, postponed, rescheduled or cancelled.
Lounge passes and upgrades are not permitted. Flights cannot be used in conjunction with the Promoter’s/any loyalty programme, any other discount, discount coupon(s) or voucher(s), promotion(s) or special offer. Frequent Flyer points cannot be accrued on the flight tickets or any loyalty programme.
Airline seats are subject to availability.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Prize does not include transportation, food, beverages, souvenirs, gratuities, car parking charges, or any other costs of a personal nature (including spending money) that are not explicitly set out in these Terms and Conditions and neither the Promoter nor any provider of any part of the Prize will be responsible for any such costs.
The winner and their guest will require a passport valid for at least 6 months on date of travel; any necessary visas or travel insurance are the responsibility of the winner and their guest. In the event the winner or their guest are unable to travel due to visa or other personal circumstances, no alternative tickets will be issued, and no compensation or other prize will be provided.
The winner and guest must travel together in all instances, on the same dates and time, take the same trip and share the same room in all provided accommodation. The winner will forgo the Prize in totality if the winner fails to attend the scheduled booking, and the Promoter and any prize providers shall have no further obligation to the winner.
The winner and their guest must abide by and are subject to the airline’s Conditions of Carriage and Booking Terms and Conditions.
The winner is responsible for the behaviour of themselves and their guest whilst taking the Prize. The Promoter reserves the right in its absolute discretion to exclude the winner and/or their guest from participation in any aspect of the Prize if any party fails to comply with the directions of the Promoter or any companies associated with the Prize or if the winner and/or their guest act in a manner that is dangerous to themselves or to the public or is, in the opinion of the Promoter, anti-social in any manner or which causes a disturbance or nuisance to others. Failure to comply with these Terms and Conditions may result in the prize being retracted.
The Prize will be forfeited if:
The winner and/or guest has not obtained all of the proper travel documents by the date specified by the Promoter;
The winner and/or guest has any immigration complications which prevent them from entering, leaving or travelling within the pre-booked period; or
The winner and/or guest has any medical, legal or any other reason that would prevent you from accepting and participating in the Prize.
Return transfers from the winner’s home to the international airport are not included.
It is the responsibility of the Winner and any guest to check any travel advisories issued by a Government, to determine whether they wish to accept the risk of travelling to the destination. The Promoter will not be responsible for any loss or damage suffered by any winner or their guest arising out of their failure to follow any travel advisories issued by a Government. The winner and their guest must comply with and are responsible for obtaining all information regarding any recommended inoculation and obtaining the inoculation(s).
Luxury Countryside Spa Break:
Travel allowance of £100 per person.
1 night’s hotel accommodation in a countryside spa resort in Hertfordshire, with a four-star rating, based on sharing a double or twin room, including breakfast.
Access to the spa facilities during stay.
5-course dinner at the hotel restaurant.
1 x spa treatment per person, from a choice of massages and facials.
A valid credit or debit card will be required for security deposit purposes when checking into hotel accommodation.
Hotel accommodation is based on two adults sharing one double or twin room.
Hotel will be selected by prize provider at their sole discretion.
Prize is non-transferable and non-refundable.
No cash alternative is available.
All prize elements are subject to availability.
The prize cannot be taken from 21st December – 2nd January (Christmas and New Year), over UK bank holidays, or over Easter Sunday.
The prize is valid for 12 months from the date of notification of winning, and travel must be booked and completed within that time frame.
All elements of the prize must be taken at the same time.
Once booked, the prize cannot be altered or amended; Both travellers must be aged 18 or over.
The prize excludes meals and drinks (except where stated above), excursions, attractions, treatments, car hire, visas and personal expenses and anything not expressly included in the prize; The Prize Provider is Element London Ltd (
www.element-london.com
)
The Prize will be arranged by email between the Promoter’s prize fulfilment agency and the winner. The prize fulfilment agency will make all reasonable efforts to provide the winner with details of the prize at the earliest possible opportunity. The Promoter will have final discretion on all elements and aspects of how the prize is organised. Once the prize details including dates, locations are confirmed, this cannot be amended or altered by the winner.
Travel insurance will be supplied for the winner and their guest with no pre-existing medical conditions. Travel insurance is subject to restrictions and the terms and conditions of the insurance provider. It is the responsibility of the winner and their guest to meet any additional costs relating to obtaining insurance cover for any pre-existing medical conditions and/or for any additional costs as may be specified where the winner and/or their guest are aged 70 or over.
If a booking is cancelled by the winner, no alternative tickets will be issued and for the avoidance of doubt, no compensation and/or refund will be provided.
The winner will not be entitled to any compensation and will have no claim against the organisers if the holiday or any other event forming part of the prize is delayed, postponed, rescheduled or cancelled.
Lounge passes and upgrades are not permitted. Flights cannot be used in conjunction with the Promoter’s/any loyalty programme, any other discount, discount coupon(s) or voucher(s), promotion(s) or special offer. Frequent Flyer points cannot be accrued on the flight tickets or any loyalty programme.
Airline seats are subject to availability.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Prize does not include transportation, food, beverages, souvenirs, gratuities, car parking charges, or any other costs of a personal nature (including spending money) that are not explicitly set out in these Terms and Conditions and neither the Promoter nor any provider of any part of the Prize will be responsible for any such costs.
The winner and their guest will require a passport valid for at least 6 months on date of travel; any necessary visas or travel insurance are the responsibility of the winner and their guest. In the event the winner or their guest are unable to travel due to visa or other personal circumstances, no alternative tickets will be issued, and no compensation or other prize will be provided.
The winner and guest must travel together in all instances, on the same dates and time, take the same trip and share the same room in all provided accommodation. The winner will forgo the Prize in totality if the winner fails to attend the scheduled booking, and the Promoter and any prize providers shall have no further obligation to the winner.
The winner and their guest must abide by and are subject to the airline’s Conditions of Carriage and Booking Terms and Conditions.
The winner is responsible for the behaviour of themselves and their guest whilst taking the Prize. The Promoter reserves the right in its absolute discretion to exclude the winner and/or their guest from participation in any aspect of the Prize if any party fails to comply with the directions of the Promoter or any companies associated with the Prize or if the winner and/or their guest act in a manner that is dangerous to themselves or to the public or is, in the opinion of the Promoter, anti-social in any manner or which causes a disturbance or nuisance to others. Failure to comply with these Terms and Conditions may result in the prize being retracted.
The Prize will be forfeited if:
The winner and/or guest has not obtained all of the proper travel documents by the date specified by the Promoter;
The winner and/or guest has any immigration complications which prevent them from entering, leaving or travelling within the pre-booked period; or
The winner and/or guest has any medical, legal or any other reason that would prevent you from accepting and participating in the Prize.
Return transfers from the winner’s home to the international airport are not included.
It is the responsibility of the Winner and any guest to check any travel advisories issued by a Government, to determine whether they wish to accept the risk of travelling to the destination. The Promoter will not be responsible for any loss or damage suffered by any winner or their guest arising out of their failure to follow any travel advisories issued by a Government. The winner and their guest must comply with and are responsible for obtaining all information regarding any recommended inoculation and obtaining the inoculation(s).
FreePrints Softcover Photo Book:
The promotion runs from 03/11/2025 to 30/11/2025.
Redeem by 31/01/2026 to receive a free 6” x 6” softcover photo book with free delivery via the FreePrints Photobooks® app.
Offer valid for residents of the United Kingdom only and limited to the first 500 customers.
Limit of 1 per user.
Cannot be combined with other offers.
Non-transferable, not redeemable for cash and will not be replaced if lost or stolen.
Void where prohibited.
Standard Delivery on tkmaxx.com:
The free delivery codes can be used online at tkmaxx.com.
The codes are valid from 09.00am 3
rd
November 2025 – 23.59pm 31
st
January 2026.
The codes allows the winner to redeem free standard delivery against their purchase.
Code must be used at checkout.
Delivery is subject to separate terms and conditions which can be found on
https://www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en/terms-and-conditions
TK Maxx gift card:
The gift cards can be used in any TK Maxx or Homesense Store or online at tkmaxx.com in the United Kingdom only, in a single or multiple transaction, and are subject to additional terms and conditions which can be found on
www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en/terms-and-conditions
.
The gift cards have no expiry date.
Winners will not receive any refund if the full gift card is not used.
By participating in the Promotion, entrants agree that the Prize is awarded on an “as is” basis, and that the Promoter makes no representations or warranties of any nature with respect to the Prize.
The Prize must be taken as stated and no compensation will be payable if a winner is unable to use the Prize as stated. The winner will be liable for all costs and expenses not stated relating to claiming the prize.
Homesense personal shopping experience:
Travel, food, parking or any other related expense is not included
Prize is non-transferable and non-refundable.
No cash alternative is available.
The prize must be taken by 31
st
December 2025 from the date of notification of winning.
Prize cannot be taken on 24
th
, 25
th
or 26
th
December.
All elements of the prize must be taken at the same time.
Once booked, the prize cannot be altered or amended.
Winner must be aged 18 years and over
Date of prize must be confirmed at least 5 working days in advance
Treasure_queries@tjx.com
will reach out to the winner to organise the trip, date and other details within 5 working days of winner being notified.
Winner Notification:
Instant Win:
The provisional winning entrants will be instantly notified on screen that they are a winner. Winners will be required within 30:00 minutes to complete a claim form. The claim form fields will be dependent on the prize type won. Digitally fulfilled prizes will require the player’s first name, last name and email address. Physical prizes will also require postal address. If a winner doesn’t enter their claim information within the required time their prize will be forfeit and returned to the pool for the next person to win. Digital gift cards will be fulfilled by email to the winner instantly. Confirmation emails will be sent detailing when physical and other digital prizes will be delivered
.
Prize Acceptance:
Once eligibility of a Prize is confirmed and the Prize is accepted, fulfilment of the digital TK Maxx gift cards will take place within 28 days of acceptance of the Prize. Where relevant, notification to arrange fulfilment of all other Prizes will take place within 28 days of acceptance of the Prize. In the unlikely event that a Prize does not arrive or a winner has not received communication to arrange their Prize within 28 days the Winner must inform the Promoter by emailing treasurequeries@tjx.com. If a winner does not do so, the Promoter reserves the right to not reissue the Prize or limit its value at its sole discretion.
Provided no objection is received from the winners, a winners list containing the surname and county of residence of the Top Tier, Mid-Tier and Prize Draw winners will be made available by the Promoter 4 weeks after the close of the Promotion Period, for a period of 8 weeks. It will be available at treasure@promowinners.com. Winners can object to their details being published the Winner Notification process. Without prejudice, the Promoter will provide winner information to the Advertising Standards Authority when requested by them.
The Promoter may request that the winners participate in publicity arising from the Promotion. Participation is at the winner’s discretion and is not a condition of Prize Acceptance.
The Promoter seeks to run a fair and secure promotion and prevent abuse and cheating. If you enter in a way that is not consistent with these Terms & Conditions, your entry (and any of your associated aliases) will be disqualified. Any Prize awarded may be void and recoverable, and the Promoter reserves the right to bar you from entering future promotions for a period of at least six months. For this reason, the Promoter reserves the right at any point to:
Verify the eligibility of entrants and/or provisional winners through multiple means by requesting such information it consider reasonably necessary for this purpose. Entry or a Prize may be withheld until verification is completed.
Disqualify entries that are not made directly by the individual entering the Promotion.
Disqualify entries made using anonymous email services such as, but not limited to, GuerillaMail, Dispostable or Mailinator.
Disqualify bulk entries from individuals, trade, consumer groups or third parties, incomplete entries and entries submitted by macros or other automated means.
Disqualify entries beyond the maximum allowed, or those using techniques such as ‘script’, ‘brute force’, multiple SIM cards for text entries, masking identity by manipulating IP addresses, using aliases or identities other than their own or any other means.
Disqualify entrants who tamper with the entry process.
Disqualify entries which, in some other way, do not meet the requirements of these Terms & Conditions.
Cancel, modify or suspend the Promotion should it not be capable of running as planned for reasons including but not limited to tampering, unauthorised intervention, fraud, dishonesty, technical failures, or any other causes beyond the control of the Promoter which corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this Promotion.
The Prizes are not transferable or exchangeable and cannot be redeemed for monetary value or for any other form of compensation. If for any reason a Prize or any element of a Prize is not available, the Promoter reserves the right, at its sole discretion to substitute that Prize or element of a Prize for another of equal or greater value.
Only accurate and complete entries submitted and received by Promoter during the Entry Period are eligible. Any inaccurate, incomplete, illegible, corrupted, or untimely entries are void and ineligible to win. Proof of submission will not be deemed to be proof of receipt by Promoter. Promoter is not responsible for lost, late, illegible, mutilated, delayed, postage due, incomplete, invalid, unintelligible, misdirected, technically corrupted or garbled entries, or for other submission problems of any kind, whether caused by mechanical, human or electronic error, all of which are void and ineligible to win. Additionally, Promoter is not responsible for any telephone, electronic, hardware, software, network, Internet, or computer malfunctions, failures, or difficulties. The Promoter does not guarantee continuous or secure access to
www.treasureshopscanwin.co.uk
.
The Promoter and its associated agencies and companies are not liable for any loss (including, without limitation, indirect, special or consequential loss or loss of profits), expense or damage which is suffered or sustained (whether or not arising from any person’s negligence) in connection with this Promotion (JS14065) or accepting or using the/a Prize(s), except for any liability which cannot be excluded by law.  Nothing will exclude the Promotor’s liability for death or personal injury as a result of its negligence.
The Promoter will not be liable for any delay or failure to comply with its obligations for reasons beyond its reasonable control arising from but not limited to Acts of God, global or regional epidemic or pandemic, adverse weather conditions, fire, industrial dispute, war, terrorist activity, hostilities, political unrest, riots, civil commotion, plague or other natural calamities, or any other circumstances.
All personal data supplied for this Promotion will be used for the purpose of this Promotion and for research and analytical purposes by the Promoter and/or by any agent appointed by it to assist with running the Promotion. Personal data will not be disclosed to an unconnected third party unless your positive consent has been obtained. Your personal data will be handled in accordance with the Promoter’s privacy policy, available at:
www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en/privacy-cookie-policy
.
If any part/s of these Terms & Conditions are legally ruled to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remainder will not be affected and will continue in full force and effect.
By entering, you will be deemed to have agreed to be bound by these Terms & Conditions.
If there is a discrepancy between these Terms & Conditions and those in any promotional material, these Terms & Conditions will prevail.
These Terms & Conditions are governed by English law and their interpretation and application will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. Residents of Scotland and Northern Ireland may bring proceedings in their own jurisdiction.
Promoter:
TJX UK, 73 Clarendon Road, Watford, WD17 1TX.
TK Maxx October Shop, Scan, Win
Full Terms & Conditions
This Promotion is open to Treasure Account Holders who are residents of the United Kingdom aged 18 or over, excluding anyone professionally associated with this Promotion.
Purchase is necessary. A valid Treasure Account with TJX Europe’s Rewards programme is required.
Promotion Period
: Enter between 00:01 GMT on the 1 October 2025 and 23:59 GMT on the 22 October 2025 inclusive.
To Enter: Three Entry Routes, 1 shared Prize pool
. Treasure members can make a purchase online via tkmaxx.com or in the TK Maxx app and log into their Treasure account before paying (Entry Route 1) or make a purchase in-store at TK Maxx (Entry Route 2) or Homesense (Entry Route 3) and scan their Treasure card at checkout, to receive an email where they can choose to enter the Prize Draw.
Further Entry Details and Conditions:
If you do not receive the email containing the link to enter the prize draw, please contact treasure_queries@tjx.com
Maximum of 1 entry is permitted per person per Entry Route per day during the Promotion Period.
1 entry per purchase transaction. There is no minimum spend on the purchase.
No person may win more than 1 Prize.
Customers that are not Treasure account holders can register to become a Treasure member during the Promotion Period.
For information about your Treasure account, visit www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en/my-account. For information about the Treasure programme or your card number, see tkmaxx.com/uk/en/treasure.
All TK Maxx and Homesense stores across the United Kingdom are participating in this Promotion.
The Prizes:
There will be a total of 1 winner. The winner will win a prize package for 2 people which includes: Travel allowance of £100 per person; 1 night’s hotel accommodation in London, with a four-star rating, based on sharing a double or twin room, including breakfast; 2 x tickets to Stormzy’s House Party at a London venue on 20 November 2025.
Further Prize Details and Conditions:
A valid credit or debit card will be required for security deposit purposes when checking into hotel accommodation
Hotel accommodation is based on two adults sharing one double or twin room
Hotel will be selected by prize provider at their sole discretion
Prize is non-transferable and non-refundable
No cash alternative is available
All prize elements are subject to availability
The prize must be taken from 20 – 21 November 2025. All elements of the prize must be taken at the same time
Once booked, the prize cannot be altered or amended
Both travellers must be aged 18 or over
The prize excludes meals and drinks (except where stated above), excursions, attractions, treatments, car hire, visas and personal expenses and anything not expressly included in the prize
The Prize Provider is Element London Ltd (www.element-london.com)
Winner Selection
: 2 provisional winners will be randomly selected from all valid entries received during the Promotion Period. For your total confidence, the Prize draw will be conducted by PromoVeritas, the independent promotional verification service, within 7 working days of the end of the Promotion Period.
Winner Notification
: The provisional winners will be contacted via the email address registered to their Treasure Account within 7 working days of Winner Selection and will be asked to provide evidence of identity and eligibility. Reasonable efforts will be made to contact the provisional winners. Once eligibility has been confirmed, the provisional winner will be confirmed as a winner. If a provisional winner does not respond to the initial contact within 7 days, we reserve the right to disqualify that entrant and award the Prize to a reserve selected in the same manner. Reserve winners may have less time to respond.
Prize Acceptance
: Notification to arrange fulfilment of the Prizes will take place within 28 days of acceptance of the Prizes. In the unlikely event that a winner has not received communication to arrange their Prize, the winner must inform the Promoter by emailing treasure_queries@tjxeurope.com within a further 28 days. If a winner does not do so, the Promoter reserves the right to not reissue the Prize at its sole discretion.
Provided no objection is received from the winners, a winners list containing the surname and county of residence of the winners will be made available by the Promoter 4 weeks after the close of the Promotion Period, for a period of 8 weeks. It will be available by sending a request via email to treasure_queries@tjxeurope.com with “Treasure Shop, Scan Win October UK 2025” in the subject line. Winners can object to their details being published by emailing treasure_queries@tjxeurope.com. Without prejudice, the Promoter will provide winner information to the Advertising Standards Authority when requested by them.
The Promoter may request that the winners participate in publicity arising from the Promotion. Participation is at the winner’s discretion and is not a condition of Prize Acceptance.
The Promoter seeks to run a fair and secure promotion and prevent abuse and cheating. If you enter in a way that is not consistent with these Terms & Conditions, your entry/ies (and any of your associated aliases) will be disqualified. Any Prize awarded may be void and recoverable, and the Promoter reserves the right to bar you from entering future promotions for a period of at least six months. For this reason, the Promoter reserves the right at any point to:
Verify the eligibility of entrants and/or provisional winners through multiple means by requesting such information it consider reasonably necessary for this purpose. Entry or a Prize may be withheld until verification is completed.
Disqualify entries that are not made directly by the individual entering the Promotion.
Disqualify entries made using anonymous email services such as, but not limited to, GuerillaMail, Dispostable or Mailinator.
Disqualify bulk entries from individuals, trade, consumer groups or third parties, incomplete entries and entries submitted by macros or other automated means.
Disqualify entries beyond the maximum allowed, or those using techniques such as ‘script’, ‘brute force’, masking identity by manipulating IP addresses, using aliases or identities other than their own or any other means.
Disqualify entrants who tamper with the entry process.
Disqualify entries which, in some other way, do not meet the requirements of these Terms & Conditions.
Cancel, modify or suspend the Promotion should it not be capable of running as planned for reasons including but not limited to tampering, unauthorised intervention, fraud, dishonesty, technical failures, or any other causes beyond the control of the Promoter which corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this Promotion.
The Prizes are not transferable or exchangeable and cannot be redeemed for monetary value or for any other form of compensation. If for any reason the Prizes or any element of the Prizes are not available, the Promoter reserves the right, at its sole discretion to substitute that Prize or element of the Prize for another of equal or greater value.
No responsibility can be taken for entries which are lost, delayed, corrupted, damaged, misdirected or incomplete or which cannot be delivered for any technical, delivery or other reason. Proof of sending will not be accepted as proof of receipt. The Promoter does not guarantee continuous or secure access to tkmaxx.com.
The Promoter and its associated agencies and companies are not liable for any loss (including, without limitation, indirect, special or consequential loss or loss of profits), expense or damage which is suffered or sustained (whether or not arising from any person’s negligence) in connection with this Promotion (JS15325) or accepting or using the/a Prize(s), except for any liability which cannot be excluded by law. Nothing will exclude the Promoter’s liability for death or personal injury as a result of its negligence.
The Promoter will not be liable for any delay or failure to comply with its obligations for reasons beyond its reasonable control arising from but not limited to Acts of God, global or regional epidemic or pandemic, adverse weather conditions, fire, industrial dispute, war, terrorist activity, hostilities, political unrest, riots, civil commotion, plague or other natural calamities, or any other circumstances.
All personal data supplied for this Promotion will be used for the purpose of this Promotion and for research and analytical purposes by the Promoter and/or by any agent appointed by it to assist with running the Promotion. Personal data will not be disclosed to an unconnected third party unless your positive consent has been obtained. Your personal data will be handled in accordance with the Promoter’s privacy policy, available at: tkmaxx.com/uk/en/privacy-cookie-policy.
If any part/s of these Terms & Conditions are legally ruled to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remainder will not be affected and will continue in full force and effect.
By entering, you will be deemed to have agreed to be bound by these Terms & Conditions.
If there is a discrepancy between these Terms & Conditions and those in any promotional material, these Terms & Conditions will prevail.
The Terms and Conditions of the Treasure Loyalty Programme shall apply to this Promotion (which can be found at www.tkmaxx.com/terms-and-conditions and to the extent of any conflict, these Terms and Conditions shall apply.
These Terms & Conditions are governed by English law and their interpretation and application will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
TK Maxx Treasure Gift Draw
Summary Terms and Conditions
UK resident, 16+ only and excludes existing Treasure Account holders. Selected stores only;
TK Maxx stores
; Cheadle, Bath, Epsom, Reading Gate, Team Valley, Tooting, Hastings, York (Monks Cross), Hounslow, Bexleyheath, Cannock.
Homesense stores
; Swindon, Thurrock Lakeside, Taunton , Watford, Greenwich, Broughton, Leeds, Cheltenham, Perth.
Enter
(automatically): Sign up for a Treasure account via (i) a digital card and register to one of the selected stores or (ii) online at tkmaxx.com between 00:001 on 02/06/2024 and 23:59 on 29/06/2024 (and register to one of the selected stores)
Prize(s)
: 1 of 10 £100 TK Maxx/Homesense digital gift cards. 1 entry p/person.
Full T&Cs
:
here
Full Terms and Conditions:
This Promotion is only open to residents of the United Kingdom, aged 16 or over.
You may
not
enter this Promotion if you are:
already an existing Treasure account holder;
an employee, agent or supplier of the Promoter or of its group companies;
a member of the immediate families of a) above; or
professionally connected with the Promotion or its administration.
Entry
: To be automatically entered into this Promotion you must, between 00:001 on 02/06/2024 and 23:59 on 29/06/2024 (the
Promotion Period
):
Sign up for a Digital Treasure account online at tkmaxx.com
and
register the digital card to one of the selected stores listed in these Terms & Conditions/included in this Promotion.
Entries must be received during the Promotional Period. Entries received outside of the Promotion Period will not be accepted and will not be entered into the Promotion.
You can opt out of this Promotion at any time by emailing Treasure_queries@tjx.com.
There is a limit of one (1) entry per person. Entries on behalf of another person will not be accepted and joint submissions to the Promotion are not allowed.
Selected stores
: The following stores are included in the Promotion:
TK Maxx stores
; Cheadle, Bath, Epsom, Reading Gate, Team Valley, Tooting, Hastings, York (Monks Cross), Hounslow, Bexleyheath, Cannock.
Homesense stores
; Swindon, Thurrock Lakeside, Taunton , Watford, Greenwich, Broughton, Leeds, Cheltenham, Perth.
There will be a maximum of ten (10) winner(s). The winner(s) will be chosen at random on
15th July 2024
by a randomised computer process from all valid entries received.
The winner(s) will win a £100 TK Maxx/Homesense digital gift card which be redeemed in store at any TK Maxx or Homesense store, or online
https://www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en
(each a "
Prize
"). The Promoter does not accept any responsibility for any costs which are associated with the Prize which are not expressly included in the Prize and any other costs incurred are the responsibility of the winner(s).
The Promoter will notify the winner(s), at the email registered to their Treasure account, by email within 28 days of the end of the Promotion Period and shall provide the Prize within the email, including the gift card long number and pin code.
The Prize is subject to their own terms and conditions which may be viewed here:
https://www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en/terms-and-conditions
; and
https://www.homesense.com/terms-and-conditions
The Prize can be redeemed in any TK Maxx and/or Homesense store in the United Kingdom during trading hours (the winner(s) must present the long number and pin code received in their at checkout) and online at
https://www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en
and
https://www.homesense.com
. No refund will be given if the full value of the gift card is not redeemed.
The Prize is subject to availability and the Promoter reserves the right to substitute the Prize with a prize of equal or greater value. The Prize cannot be exchanged, transferred or redeemed for cash.
Any and all personal data supplied for the running of this Promotion will be used solely for the purpose of this Promotion by the Promoter and/or by any agent appointed by it to assist with running the Promotion on behalf of the Promoter and will not be disclosed to a third party for any other purpose unless your positive consent has been obtained. Your personal data will be handled in accordance with the Promoter’s privacy policy, available at:
https://www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en/privacy-cookie-policy.
Subject to paragraphs 17 and 18, and without prejudice to the Promoter's data protection obligations under relevant law, the Promoter shall make available, upon receipt of a written request to treasure_queries
Entrants to the promotion shall, at or before the time of entry, have the right to object to all or some of their personal information being made available in accordance with paragraph 16. You can object by contacting treasure_queries
Without prejudice to paragraph 16 and notwithstanding paragraph 17 above, the Promoter shall provide the information set out in paragraph 16 upon request from the Advertising Standards Authority.
The Promoter will not accept entries that are: a) automatically generated by computer; b) completed by third parties or in bulk; c) illegible, have been altered, reconstructed, forged or tampered with; or d) incomplete. The Promoter may require you to provide proof that you are eligible to enter the Promotion.
In the event that the Promotion is not capable of running as planned for reasons including but not limited to tampering, unauthorised intervention, fraud, dishonesty, technical failures, or any other causes beyond the control of the Promoter which corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this Promotion, the Promoter reserves the right to disqualify any individual who tampers with the entry process or does not comply with these Terms & Conditions and to cancel, modify or suspend the Promotion or invalidate any affected entries.
The Promoter does not guarantee continuous or secure access to their website or any website referred to in these Terms & Conditions.
The Promoter is not responsible for entries that are lost, mislaid, damaged or delayed in transit, regardless of cause, including, for example, as a result of any postal failure, equipment failure, technical malfunction, systems, satellite, network, server, computer hardware or software failure of any kind.
If there is any reason to believe that there has been a breach of these Terms & Conditions, the Promoter may, at its sole discretion, reserve the right to exclude you from participating in the Promotion. The Promoter reserves the right to hold void, suspend, cancel, or amend the Promotion where it becomes necessary to do so due to unforeseen circumstances.
The Promoter's decision is final in relation to this Promotion and no correspondence will be entered into.
Entrants agree that, to the extent permitted by law, the Promoter and their employees, will not be responsible for any liability for any losses or damages of any kind resulting from the use of a Prize or participation in this Promotion. Nothing in these terms shall be construed to limit or exclude any liability of the Promoter for fraudulent misrepresentation, fraud, death or personal injury caused by the Promoter’s negligence or any other liability to the extent the same may not be excluded or limited as a matter of law.
Should an act, omission, event or circumstance occur which is beyond the reasonable control of the Promoter and which prevents the Promoter from complying with these Terms & Conditions the Promoter will not be liable for any failure to perform or delay in performing its obligations.
The Terms & Conditions of the Treasure Loyalty Programme shall apply to this Promotion (which can be found at
www.tkmaxx.com/terms-and-conditions
) and to the extent of any conflict, these Terms & Conditions shall apply.
If any provisions of these Terms & Conditions are judged to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, this will not affect or impact the continuation in full force and effect the remainder of the provisions.
By entering this Promotion, you will be deemed to have agreed to be bound by these Terms & Conditions.
In the event of a discrepancy between these Terms & Conditions and the details in any promotional material, the details in the Terms & Conditions will prevail.
These Terms & Conditions, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by English law. You and the Promoter both agree that the courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction except that if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
Promoter
: TJX Europe, 73 Clarendon Road, Watford, WD17 1TX.
TK Maxx - January Freshness Campaign
Summary Terms and Conditions:
UK, 18+ only. 28/01/22- 04/02/22. Follow @tkmaxxuk on Instagram and comment underneath the Promotional Post, tagging @tkmaxxuk and telling us why you need to reclaim your time in order to enter the Prize Draw. No purchase necessary. Prizes: 2 X Care Package and £50 TK Maxx Gift Card. Internet access required. Max 1 entry per Instagram handle. Max 1 Prize per person. Visit https://www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en/terms-and-conditions for full T&sCs and prize details.
Promoter: TJX UK.
Full Terms and Conditions: UK
Promoter:
TJX UK, 73 Clarendon Road, Watford, WD17 1TX
This Promotion is open to residents of the United Kingdom aged 18 or over, excluding employees of the Promoter, its agents and anyone professionally associated with this Promotion.
No purchase necessary; however, internet access and a valid Instagram account are required.
Promotion Period:
Enter between 00:01 GMT on the 28 January 2022 and 23:59 GMT on the 4 February 2022 inclusive.
To Enter
: Log into your Instagram account (or create one for free), follow @tkmaxxuk, and comment underneath the Promotional Post, tagging @tkmaxxuk and tell us How you reclaim your time to be entered into the Prize Draw.
You must keep your profile on a public setting and continue to follow the @tkmaxxuk Instagram account for 4 weeks after the end of the Promotion Period so that we can contact you if you are selected as a winner.
Maximum of 1 entry is permitted per Instagram handle during the Promotion Period. No person may win more than 1 Prize.
The Prizes
: There will be a total of 2 winners. Each winner will win 1 x Care Package and 1 x £50 gift card.
Further Entry & Prize Details and Conditions:
a. The Gift Cards can be used in all TK Maxx stores in the UK and do not have an expiry date.
b. TK Maxx gift cards are subject to their own terms and conditions which may be viewed here: https://www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en/terms-and-conditions.
c. You must not include content that contains defamatory, malicious, indecent or other inappropriate content including sexist or racist language or imagery.
d. You must not condone or encourage violent or anti-social behaviour. You must not include any content that infringes or violates the rights of any third party, including but not limited to, ownership, copyrights, trademarks, patents, logos, licensing rights, rights of publicity or privacy or any other intellectual property rights, excluding that of the Promoter.
e. You must not include any content that infringes or violates the rights of any third party, including but not limited to, ownership, copyrights, trademarks, patents, logos, licensing rights, rights of publicity or privacy or any other intellectual property rights, excluding that of the Promoter.
Winner Selection:
2 winners will be randomly selected from all valid entries received during the Promotion Period. For your total confidence, the Prize draw will be conducted by PromoVeritas, the independent promotional verification service, within 5 working days of the end of the Promotion Period.
Winner Notification:
Provisional winners will be contacted via the social media account used to enter within 5 working days of Winner Selection and will be asked to provide evidence of identity and eligibility. Reasonable efforts will be made to contact the winners. If a winner does not respond to the initial contact within 14 days, we reserve the right to disqualify that entrant and award the Prize to a reserve selected in the same manner. Reserve winners may have less time to respond.
Prize Acceptance:
Winners will be notified within 28 days of acceptance of the Prize to arrange delivery of the Prize. In the unlikely event that a Prize doesn’t arrive within 28 days of Prize Acceptance, the winners will have a further 28 days to inform the Promoter by emailing tkmaxxuk@ogilvy.com If a winner does not do so, the Promoter reserves the right to not reissue the Prize or limit its value at its sole discretion.
Moderation:
The Promoter reserves the right to reject entries which, in the reasonable opinion of the Promoter:
a. are in breach of the Terms & Conditions;
b. contain any content that is offensive, harmful, objectionable or which is otherwise unsuitable for publication including with respect to race, religion, origin or gender, or which could reflect negatively upon the name, reputation or goodwill of the Promoter or any brand partner;
c. contains or refers to any unauthorised third-party brand or reference any third-party names, logos and/or trademarks;
d. promotes any political agenda.
Provided no objection from the winners is received, a winners list will be made available by the Promoter 4 weeks after the close of the Promotion Period, for a period of 8 weeks. It will be at available at www.promowinners.com/TKMaxxjanuaryfreshness. Winners can object to their surname or county of residence being published or request for the amount of information being published to be reduced during winner notification. However, without prejudice, the Promoter will provide winner information to the Advertising Standards Authority on reasonable request.
The Promoter may request that the winners participate in reasonable publicity arising from the Promotion. Participation is at the winner’s discretion and is not a condition of Prize Acceptance.
The Promoter seeks to run a fair and secure promotions and prevent abuse and cheating. If you enter in a way that is not consistent with these Terms & Conditions, your entries (and any of your associated aliases) will be disqualified, any Prize awarded may be void and recoverable, and we reserve the right to bar you from entering future promotions of ours for a period of at least six months. For this reason, we reserve the right at any point to:
Verify the eligibility of entrants and/or provisional winners by requesting such information we consider reasonably necessary for this purpose. Entry or a Prize may be withheld unless and until verification is completed satisfactorily.
Disqualify entries that are not made directly by the individual entering the Promotion.
Disqualify entries made using anonymous email services such as, but not limited to, GuerillaMail, Dispostable or Mailinator.
Disqualify bulk entries from individuals, trade, consumer groups or third parties, incomplete entries and entries submitted by macros or other automated means.
Disqualify entries beyond the maximum allowed, or those using techniques such as ‘script’, ‘brute force’, multiple SIM cards for Text entries, masking identity by manipulating IP addresses, using aliases or identities other than their own or any other means.
Disqualify entries which, in some other way, do not fully meet the requirements of these Terms & Conditions.
The Prizes are not transferable or exchangeable and cannot be redeemed for monetary value or for any other form of compensation. If for any reason the Prize is not available, the Promoter reserves the right, at its sole discretion to substitute that the Prize for another of equal or greater value.
If the Promotion is not capable of running as planned for reasons including but not limited to tampering, unauthorised intervention, fraud, dishonesty, technical failures, or any other causes beyond the control of the Promoter which corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this Promotion, the Promoter reserves the right to disqualify any individual who tampers with the entry process or does not comply with these Terms & Conditions, or invalidate any affected entries and/or to cancel, modify or suspend the Promotion.
No responsibility can be taken for entries which are lost, delayed, corrupted, damaged, misdirected or incomplete or which cannot be delivered for any technical, delivery or other reason. Proof of sending will not be accepted as proof of receipt. The Promoter does not guarantee continuous or secure access to Instagram.
This Promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with Instagram. You are providing your information to the Promoter and not to Instagram, and Instagram is not responsible for any element of this Promotion.
The Promoter, associated agencies and companies are not liable for any loss (including, without limitation, indirect, special or consequential loss or loss of profits), expense or damage which is suffered or sustained (whether or not arising from any person’s negligence) in connection with this Promotion or accepting or using the/a Prize(s), except for any liability which cannot be excluded by law. Nothing will exclude the Promotor’s liability for death or personal injury as a result of its negligence.
The Promoter will not be liable for any delay or failure to comply with its obligations for reasons beyond its reasonable control arising from but not limited to Acts of God, global or regional epidemic or pandemic, adverse weather conditions, fire, industrial dispute, war, terrorist activity, hostilities, political unrest, riots, civil commotion, plague or other natural calamities, or any other circumstances of the Promoter.
All personal data supplied for this Promotion will be used solely for the purpose of this Promotion by the Promoter and/or by any agent appointed by it to assist with running the Promotion and will not be disclosed to an unconnected third party unless your positive consent has been obtained. Your personal data will be handled in accordance with the Promoter’s privacy policy, available at: https://www.tkmaxx.com/privacy-cookie-policy
If any part/s of these Terms & Conditions are legally ruled to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remainder will not be affected and will continue in full force and effect.
By entering, you will be deemed to have agreed to be bound by these Terms & Conditions.
If there is a discrepancy between these Terms & Conditions and those in any promotional material, these Terms & Conditions will prevail.
These Terms & Conditions are governed by English law and their interpretation and application will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
TKMaxx / Homesense Treasure Hunt Competition
Summary Terms and Conditions:
UK, 18+ only. Enter between: 09.00 - 17.00 on 28th April 2022. Hand this promotional treasure tag to a Brand Ambassador in the TK Maxx store at Unit J The Croft Retail & Leisure Park Welton Rd, Bromborough, Birkenhead, Wirral CH62 3PN, United Kingdom, to claim your prize. Prizes can only be redeemed between 09:00 - 17:00 on 28th April 2022. Prizes available: 46 x £5 gift cards and 2 x £50 gift card. Max 1 entry per person. For full Terms and Prize details, see the Promotional Stand in-store.
Full Terms and Conditions
This Promotion is open to residents of the United Kingdom aged 18 or over, excluding employees of TJX, their group companies, their families (defined as parents, children, siblings, spouse and life partners), agents or anyone else professionally connected with this Promotion.
Promotion Period:
Enter and locate a Promotional Treasure Tag at The Croft Retail & Leisure Park store on Thursday 28th April 2022 between: 09:00 - 17:00 BST.
Purchase is not necessary.
To Enter
: Visit the TK Maxx store at Unit J The Croft Retail & Leisure Park Welton Rd, Bromborough, Birkenhead, Wirral CH62 3PN, United Kingdom and find a Promotional Treasure Tag hidden somewhere within the store. Once found take the tag to a Brand Ambassador at the promotional pop-up desk located in store, to win a Prize.
Maximum of one entry per person during the Promotion Period. Only one Prize can be won per person. In the event of an entrant having more than one Tag, only one Tag will be accepted, and any others will be hidden in store for another entrant to find it.
Prizes:
: There are 48 prizes in total: 46 x £5 gift cards and 2 x £50 gift cards for TK Maxx stores for those that find a Promotional Treasure Tag during the Promotion Period.
The gift cards can be used in any TK Maxx Store in the United Kingdom only, in a single or multiple transaction, and are subject to additional terms and conditions which can be found on https://www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en/terms-and-conditions
Winner Selection and Notification
: The Winners will be the individuals who find the Promotional Treasure Tags in store and take their Tag to a Brand Ambassador at the promotional pop-up desk located in store. In the eventuality that two or more people come across a Promotional Treasure Tag at the same time, the winner will be determined by the person that physically claims the Prize by returning the Promotional Treasure Tag to the Brand Ambassador at the pop-up desk where the Prize will be awarded.
The hidden location of the Promotional Treasure Tags within The Croft Retail & Leisure Park store will be pre-determined before the Promotion Period has started.
Provided no objection is received from the winners, a winners list containing the surname and county of residence of the winners will be made available by the Promoter 4 weeks after the close of the Promotion Period, for a period of 8 weeks. It will be available by sending a request via email to hello@undercurrent.uk.net. The winners can object to their details being published during the claim process. Without prejudice, the Promoter will provide winner information to the Advertising Standards Authority when requested by them.
The Promoter may request that the winners participate in publicity arising from the Promotion. Participation is at the winner’s discretion and is not a condition of Prize Acceptance.
The Promoter seeks to run a fair and secure promotion and prevent abuse and cheating. If you enter in a way that is not consistent with these Terms & Conditions, your entry (and any of your associated aliases) will be disqualified. Any Prize awarded may be void and recoverable, and the Promoter reserves the right to bar you from entering future promotions for a period of at least six months. For this reason, the Promoter reserves the right at any point to:
Verify the eligibility of entrants and/or provisional winners by requesting such information it consider reasonably necessary for this purpose. Entry or a Prize may be withheld until verification is completed.
Disqualify entries that are not made directly by the individual entering the Promotion.
Disqualify bulk entries from individuals, trade, consumer groups or third parties, incomplete entries and entries submitted by macros or other automated means.
Disqualify entries beyond the maximum allowed, or those, using aliases or identities other than their own or any other means.
Disqualify entrants who tamper with the entry process.
Disqualify entries which, in some other way, do not meet the requirements of these Terms & Conditions.
Cancel, modify or suspend the Promotion should it not be capable of running as planned for reasons including but not limited to tampering, unauthorised intervention, fraud, dishonesty, technical failures, or any other causes beyond the control of the Promoter which corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this Promotion.
The Prizes are not transferable or exchangeable and cannot be redeemed for any other form of compensation. If for any reason the Prizes are not available, the Promoter reserves the right, at its sole discretion to substitute that Prize for another of equal or greater value.
No responsibility can be taken for entries which are lost, delayed, corrupted, damaged, misdirected or incomplete or which cannot be delivered for any technical, delivery or other reason. Proof of sending will not be accepted as proof of receipt. The Promoter does not guarantee continuous or secure access to the TK Maxx store at Unit J The Croft Retail & Leisure Park Welton Rd, Bromborough, Birkenhead, Wirral CH62 3PN.
The Promoter and its associated agencies and companies are not liable for any loss (including, without limitation, indirect, special or consequential loss or loss of profits), expense or damage which is suffered or sustained (whether or not arising from any person’s negligence) in connection with this Promotion (JS12919) or accepting or using the/a Prize(s), except for any liability which cannot be excluded by law. Nothing will exclude the Promotor’s liability for death or personal injury as a result of its negligence.
The Promoter will not be liable for any delay or failure to comply with its obligations for reasons beyond its reasonable control arising from but not limited to Acts of God, global or regional epidemic or pandemic, adverse weather conditions, fire, industrial dispute, war, terrorist activity, hostilities, political unrest, riots, civil commotion, plague or other natural calamities, or any other circumstances.
All personal data supplied for this Promotion will be used solely for the purpose of this Promotion by the Promoter and/or by any agent appointed by it to assist with running the Promotion and will not be disclosed to an unconnected third party unless your positive consent has been obtained. Your personal data will be handled in accordance with the Promoter’s privacy policy, available at: https://www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en/privacy-cookie-policy
If any part/s of these Terms & Conditions are legally ruled to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remainder will not be affected and will continue in full force and effect.
By entering, you will be deemed to have agreed to be bound by these Terms & Conditions.
If there is a discrepancy between these Terms & Conditions and those in any promotional material, these Terms & Conditions will prevail.
These Terms & Conditions are governed by English law and their interpretation and application will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Promoter
: TJX UK, a company registered in England and Wales under registration number 3094828 and whose registered office is at 50 Clarendon Road, Watford, Hertfordshire, WD17 1TX.
Monthly Promotions - Hot@rrivals
Promoter
: TJX UK (trading as "TK Maxx") 73 Clarendon Road, Watford WD17 1TX. Do not post to this address.
Prize Draw open to UK residents aged over 16, excluding employees or an immediate family member of an employee of TK Maxx or any other person who is directly connected with this promotion.
To enter, you need to sign up for the hot@arrivals email newsletters and you will be automatically entered into the next available draw.
Entry into the promotion is on the understanding and the acceptance of these terms and conditions. Any breach of these terms and conditions may result in a prize being forfeited.
The Top Prize: The Top Prize: Every month one person will win a £500 TK Maxx Gift Card. Entrants must be aware that in taking up the Top Prize, the winner is subject to the terms and conditions relating to TK Maxx Gift Cards provided at http://www.voucherexpress.co.uk/VERSE/Tkmaxx/poptermsconditions.html
No Purchase Necessary.
Entries must be made via the website and are restricted to only one entry per person, per household. More than one entry or entry via third parties will not be accepted.
The winners will be selected in a random draw conducted within 8 days beginning from the last day of each month and under the supervision of an independent promotional verification service.
Winners will be notified by email within 14 days of the draw date and the prize will be delivered to the winner within 28 days beginning the day after the notification is sent and/or made.
No cash or other alternative in part or full will be offered in lieu of the specified prizes. Prizes are not transferable.
The Promoter accepts no responsibility for entries which are illegible or lost or lost or delayed via technical problems. Proof of sending does not constitute proof of entry.
The Promoter is not liable for any loss or damage, costs or expenses (whether direct, indirect or consequential) suffered by a prize winner or others, as a result of prizes awarded under this promotion. The prizes are taken up at the prize winners own risk.
The Promoter reserves the right to amend, alter or terminate the content of the promotion at any time due to circumstances beyond its control.
The Promoter reserves the right to amend, cancel, modify or offer an alternative prize if, in our sole discretion, the prize is not capable of being issued.
Prize winners may be required to participate in reasonable publicity associated with this promotion.
These terms and conditions are subject to English law. The data collected from the entry form will be collected and processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. The Promoter may use the data collected for the purposes of sending you marketing on sales and promotions held by the Promoter, subject to your consent. The data will not be disclosed by the Promoter to any other organisation that is not associated with the Promoter. For more on our data collection practices, please see our Terms and Conditions, and our Privacy Notice available at www.tkmaxx.com, or visit the Customer Service desk at any of our stores to obtain a printed copy of these policies.
The decision of the Promoter is final and binding on all matters. Correspondence will not be entered into. Please retain these terms and conditions for future reference.
TK Maxx Win Your Gifts - Treasure Christmas Promotion
Summary Terms and Conditions:
GB, Treasure Account holders16+ only. 00:01 02/11/2023 – 23:59 30/11/2023. Register online to create a Treasure account if you don’t already have one. Visit https://www.mytreasurereward.com/WinYourGiftsTreasure2023, enter Treasure card number, then make a purchase online at tkmaxx.com or in any TK Maxx or Homesense store in Great Britain during the Promotion Period. For online purchases, you must ensure you are signed into your Treasure card account at the point of checkout to enter the Prize Draw. For in-store purchases, you must swipe your Treasure card at checkout to enter the Prize Draw. Purchase required.
Prizes
: 1 of 5 x £500 TK Maxx/Homesense Gift Cards.
In-store only
: 1 winner per store will each win 1 x cashback on TK Maxx/Homesense shopping during the Promotion Period up to £200.
Online only
: 1 x cashback on TK Maxx/Homesense shopping during the Promotion Period up to £200. Prizes will be randomly allocated.
Retain receipt to claim
. Internet access, Treasure account & valid UK bank account required. Max 1 entry per person per day. Max 1 Prize per person. Visit tkmaxx.com/terms-and-conditions for full T&Cs & Prize details.
Promoter:
TJX EUROPE, 73 Clarendon Rd, Watford WD17 1TX.
Full Terms and Conditions
This Promotion is open to residents of Great Britain, who have received a promotional email asking them to participate, aged 16 or over, excluding employees of the Promoter, its agents and anyone professionally associated with this Promotion. This promotion is not open to residents of Northern Ireland or Republic of Ireland.
Purchase is necessary.
Please retain an itemised receipt that states the time and date of purchase within the Promotion Period, as this may be required for validation and in order for the winner to receive their Prize.
Internet access and a Treasure account with TJX Europe’s Rewards programme is required.
Promotion Period:
Enter between 00:01 GMT on the 2nd of November 2023 and 23:59 GMT on the 30 of November 2023 inclusive.
To Enter
: Visit https://www.mytreasurereward.com/WinYourGiftsTreasure2023, enter your Treasure card number, then make a purchase online at tkmaxx.com or in any GB TK Maxx or Homesense store during the Promotion Period. For online purchases, you must ensure you are signed into your Treasure card account at the point of checkout to enter the Prize Draw. For in-store purchases, you must swipe your Treasure card at checkout to enter the Prize Draw.
Further Entry Details and Conditions:
A customer must be a Treasure member to participate in the promotion. Customers that are not Treasure account holders can register to become a Treasure member during the Promotion Period.
Information about your Treasure account can be found here: www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en/treasure.
All TK Maxx and Homesense stores across Great Britain are participating in the promotion.
Only one transaction (online or in-store) per day can be considered as an entry.
Maximum of 1 entry is permitted per person per day during the Promotion Period. One itemised receipt per entry receipt must state the time and date of purchase, which must pre-date the entry date and time, but be within the Promotion Period. No person may win more than 1 Prize.
Any customers residing in Northern Ireland who enter into this promotion will be removed from the entry pool.
The Prizes:
Online & Instore: There are a total of 5 winners. Each winner will win 1 x £500 TK Maxx/Homesense Gift Card.
Online only: There is 1 winner. The winner will win 1 x cashback on shopping at TK Maxx or Homesense during the Promotion Period up to the value of £200.
Instore only: There are a total of 414 winners, 1 winner per store. Each winner will win 1 x cashback on shopping at TK Maxx or Homesense during the Promotion Period up to the value of £200.
Further Prize Details and Conditions:
Gift Card Prize:
The gift cards can be used in any TK Maxx or Homesense Store in the United Kingdom only, in a single or multiple transaction, and are subject to additional terms and conditions which can be found on www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en/terms-and-conditions.
The gift cards have no expiry date.
Winners will not receive any refund if the full gift voucher is not used.
By participating in the Promotion, entrants agree that the Prize is awarded on an "as is" basis, and that the Promoter makes no representations or warranties of any nature with respect to the Prize.
The Prize must be taken as stated and no compensation will be payable if a winner is unable to use the Prize as stated. The winner will be liable for all costs and expenses not stated relating to claiming the prize.
Cash-back Prize:
A winner must have a valid UK bank account.
The cashback will be transferred to a winner via a bank transfer.
Winners are responsible for providing correct bank account details and the Promoter will not be liable for any Prize payments made into the wrong bank account.
If the total amount spent on qualifying purchases during the Promotion Period is under £200, only the value spent on those purchases will be reimbursed to the winner. If the total value of qualifying purchases during the Promotion Period exceeds £200, only £200 will be reimbursed to the winner.
Winners will receive a unique code and a link to the winning page via the email address associated with their Treasure account. They will be responsible to input the unique code, their treasure card number and their bank account details to claim the prize.
Winner Selection:
Online provisional winners will be randomly selected from all valid online entries received during the Promotion Period. In-store provisional winners will be randomly selected from all valid in-store entries received from each store during the Promotion Period. For your total confidence, the Prize draw will be conducted by PromoVeritas, the independent promotional verification service, within 28 working days of the end of the Promotion Period.
Winner Notification
: Provisional winners will be contacted via the email address within 7 working days of Winner Selection and be asked to provide evidence of identity and eligibility. Reasonable efforts will be made to contact the provisional winners. Once eligibility has been confirmed, the provisional winners will be confirmed as a winner. If a provisional winners does not respond to the initial contact within 14 days, we reserve the right to disqualify that entrant and award the Prize to a reserve selected in the same manner. Reserve winners may have less time to respond.
Prize Acceptance:
Fulfilment of a Prize will take place within 28 days of acceptance of the Prize. In the unlikely event that a Prize does not arrive within 28 days the winner must inform the Promoter by emailing treasure_queries@tjx.com. If a winner does not do so, the Promoter reserves the right to not reissue the Prize or limit its value at its sole discretion.
Provided no objection is received from the winners, a winners list containing the surname and county of residence of the winners will be made available by the Promoter 4 weeks after the close of the Promotion Period, for a period of 8 weeks. It will be available by sending a request via email to treasure_queries@tjx.com. The winners can object to their details being published by emailing treasure_queries@tjx.com. Without prejudice, the Promoter will provide winner information to the Advertising Standards Authority when requested by them.
The Promoter may request that the winners participate in publicity arising from the Promotion. Participation is at the winner’s discretion and is not a condition of Prize Acceptance.
The Promoter seeks to run a fair and secure promotion and prevent abuse and cheating. If you enter in a way that is not consistent with these Terms & Conditions, your entries (and any of your associated aliases) will be disqualified. Any Prize awarded may be void and recoverable, and the Promoter reserves the right to bar you from entering future promotions for a period of at least six months. For this reason, the Promoter reserves the right at any point to:
Verify the eligibility of entrants and/or provisional winners through multiple means by requesting such information it considers reasonably necessary for this purpose. Entry or a Prize may be withheld until verification is completed.
Disqualify entries that are not made directly by the individual entering the Promotion.
Disqualify entries made using anonymous email services such as, but not limited to, GuerillaMail, Dispostable or Mailinator.
Disqualify bulk entries from individuals, trade, consumer groups or third parties, incomplete entries and entries submitted by macros or other automated means.
Disqualify entries beyond the maximum allowed, or those using techniques such as ‘script’, ‘brute force’, multiple SIM cards for text entries, masking identity by manipulating IP addresses, using aliases or identities other than their own or any other means.
Disqualify entrants who tamper with the entry process.
Disqualify entries which, in some other way, do not meet the requirements of these Terms & Conditions.
Cancel, modify or suspend the Promotion should it not be capable of running as planned for reasons including but not limited to tampering, unauthorised intervention, fraud, dishonesty, technical failures, or any other causes beyond the control of the Promoter which corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this Promotion.
The Prizes are not transferable or exchangeable and cannot be redeemed for monetary value or for any other form of compensation. If for any reason a Prize and/or any element of a Prize is not available, the Promoter reserves the right, at its sole discretion to substitute that Prize or element of a Prize for another of equal or greater value.
No responsibility can be taken for entries which are lost, delayed, corrupted, damaged, misdirected or incomplete or which cannot be delivered for any technical, delivery or other reason. Proof of sending will not be accepted as proof of receipt. The Promoter does not guarantee continuous or secure access to https://www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en/treasure.
The Promoter and its associated agencies and companies are not liable for any loss (including, without limitation, indirect, special or consequential loss or loss of profits), expense or damage which is suffered or sustained (whether or not arising from any person’s negligence) in connection with this Promotion (JS14234) or accepting or using the/a Prize(s), except for any liability which cannot be excluded by law. Nothing will exclude the Promotor’s liability for death or personal injury as a result of its negligence.
The Promoter will not be liable for any delay or failure to comply with its obligations for reasons beyond its reasonable control arising from but not limited to Acts of God, global or regional epidemic or pandemic, adverse weather conditions, fire, industrial dispute, war, terrorist activity, hostilities, political unrest, riots, civil commotion, plague or other natural calamities, or any other circumstances.
All personal data supplied for this Promotion will be used solely for the purpose of this Promotion by the Promoter and/or by any agent appointed by it to assist with running the Promotion and will not be disclosed to an unconnected third party unless your positive consent has been obtained. Your personal data will be handled in accordance with the Promoter’s privacy policy, available at: https://www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en/privacy-cookie-policy
If any part/s of these Terms & Conditions are legally ruled to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remainder will not be affected and will continue in full force and effect.
By entering, you will be deemed to have agreed to be bound by these Terms & Conditions.
If there is a discrepancy between these Terms & Conditions and those in any promotional material, these Terms & Conditions will prevail.
These Terms & Conditions are governed by English law and their interpretation and application will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Promoter
: TJX UK, a company registered in England and Wales under registration number 3094828 and whose registered office is at 50 Clarendon Road, Watford, Hertfordshire, WD17 1TX.
Customer Satisfaction Survey Prize Draw
Summary Terms & Conditions:
AT, DE, NL, ROI, UK, IoM, 18+
only.
00:01 GMT (01:01 CET) 01/02/2026 – 23:59 GMT 31/01/2027 (00:59 CET 01/02/2027). To enter make a purchase in a TK Maxx or Homesense store & then within 14 days of making your purchase visit
https://www.tkmaxx-feedback.de
(DE),
https://www.tkmaxx-feedback.at
(AT),
https://www.tkmaxxcare.ie
or
https://www.homesensecares.ie
(ROI),
https://www.tkmaxx-feedback.nl
(NL)
https://www.tkmaxxcare.com
or
https://www.homesensecares.com
(UK & IoM) to complete the customer satisfaction survey to enter the Prize draw for the relevant country pool and Monthly Promotion Period. Purchase required. Monthly Prizes: 1 winner from AT & NL, 1 winner from DE & ROI, 1 winner from UK& IoM each win
1 x £/€250 TK Maxx/Homesense Gift Card. 36 Prizes in total.
Retain receipt to enter.
Internet access required. Max 1 entry per person per month. Max 1 Prize per person.
Promoter:
TJX UK, 73 Clarendon Road, Watford, WD17 1TX.
For full T&Cs & Prize Details visit:
UK & IoM:
www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en/terms-and-conditions
or
www.homesense.com/terms-and-conditions
.
ROI :
www.tkmaxx.ie/terms-and-conditions
or
www.homesense.ie/terms-and-conditions
.
DE:
www.tkmaxx.com/de/de/allgemeine-geschaeftsbedingungen
.
AT:
www.tkmaxx.com/at/de/allgemeine-geschaeftsbedingungen
.
NL:
www.tkmaxx.nl/algemene-voorwaarden
.
Full Terms & Conditions
This Promotion is open to residents of Austria, Germany, the Netherlands, the Republic of Ireland, the United Kingdom and Isle of Man, aged 18 or over, excluding employees of the Promoter, its agents and anyone professionally associated with this Promotion.
Purchase is necessary. Please retain an itemised receipt that states the time and date of purchase prior to entry, but within the Promotion Period, as this may be required for validation and in order for the winner to receive their Prize. Internet access and a valid email address are required.
Promotion Period:
Enter between 00.01 GMT (00:01 CET) on the 1 February 2026 and 23.59 GMT on the 31 January 2027 (00:59 CET on the 1 February 2027) inclusive, within which there are 12 monthly Promotion Periods (“Monthly Promotion Period”).
To Enter: 1 shared Prize pool each month for residents of Austria and the Netherlands. 1 shared Prize pool each month for residents of Germany and the Republic of Ireland. Residents of the UK and Isle of Man have their own separate Prize pool.
Residents of Austria
: Make a purchase in a TK Maxx store, and then within 14 days of making your purchase visit
https://www.tkmaxx-feedback.at
to complete the customer satisfaction survey and enter the required details (store number, transaction number, register number, name and email address) to be entered into the relevant Monthly Promotion Period for the Austria and the Netherlands Prize.
Residents of Netherlands:
Make a purchase in a TK Maxx store, and then within 14 days of making your purchase visit
https://www.tkmaxx-feedback.nl
to complete the customer satisfaction survey and enter the required details (store number, transaction number, register number, name and email address) to be entered into the relevant Monthly Promotion Period for the Austria and the Netherlands Prize.
Residents of Germany:
Make a purchase in a TK Maxx store, and then within 14 days of making your purchase visit
https://www.tkmaxx-feedback.de
to complete the customer satisfaction survey and enter the required details (store number, transaction number, register number, name and email address) to be entered into the relevant Monthly Promotion Period for the Germany and the Republic of Ireland Prize.
Residents of Republic of Ireland:
Make a purchase in a TK Maxx or Homesense store, and then within 14 days of making your purchase visit
https://www.tkmaxxcare.ie
or
https://www.homesensecares.ie
to complete the customer satisfaction survey and enter the required details (store number, transaction number, register number, name and email address) to be entered into the relevant Monthly Promotion Period for the Germany and the Republic of Ireland Prize.
Residents of United Kingdom and Isle of Man:
Make a purchase in a TK Maxx or Homesense store, and then within 14 days of making your purchase visit
https://www.tkmaxxcare.com
or
https://www.homesensecares.com
to complete the customer satisfaction survey and enter the required details (store number, transaction number, register number, name and email address) to be entered into the relevant Monthly Promotion Period for the United Kingdom and Isle of Man Prize.
Maximum of one entry is permitted per person per month during the Promotion Period. One itemised receipt per entry; receipt must state the time and date of purchase, which must pre-date the entry date and time, but be within the Promotion Period. No person may win more than 1 Prize.
The Prizes:
Each Monthly Promotion Period, 1 winner from the Austria and the Netherlands Prize pool, 1 winner from the Germany and the Republic of Ireland Prize pool, and 1 winner from the United Kingdom and Isle of Man Prize pool will win 1 x £250 or €250 TK Maxx/ Homesense Gift Card. There will be a total of 3 winners per month, a total of 36 throughout the entire Promotion Period.
Further Prize Details and Conditions:
The TK Maxx/Homesense gift cards may be used in any TK Maxx or Homesense store in Austria, Germany, Netherlands, ROI, the UK or IoM.
The TK Maxx/Homesense gift cards may be used on the TK Maxx app in Austria, Germany, the UK and the Isle of Man. Download the TK Maxx app, log into your TK Maxx account (or create one for free), and redeem at checkout.
For Austria, the TK Maxx gift card can also be used online at
www.tkmaxx.com/at
.
For the Germany, the TK Maxx gift card can also be used online at:
www.tkmaxx.com/de
.
For the UK and the Isle of Man, the TK Maxx gift card can also be used online at:
http://www.tkmaxx.com/uk
.
TK Maxx/Homesense gift cards are subject to their own Terms & Conditions available at:
Austria:
www.tkmaxx.com/at/de/allgemeine-geschaeftsbedingungen
.
Netherlands:
www.tkmaxx.nl/algemene-voorwaarden
.
Germany:
www.tkmaxx.com/de/de/allgemeine-geschaeftsbedingungen
.
Republic of Ireland:
www.tkmaxx.ie/terms-and-conditions
or
www.homesense.ie/terms-and-conditions
.
United Kingdom & Isle of Man:
www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en/terms-and-conditions
or
www.homesense.com/terms-and-conditions
.
The Prizes are non-transferable, non-refundable and there is no cash alternative.
The Promoter reserves the right to offer an alternative prize, of equal value, should the advertised prize become unavailable for reasons beyond their control.
The Prizes do not have an expiry date and can be used indefinitely.
The value of the TK Maxx/Homesense Gift Card can be used in full or in part payments for products purchased in-store or online.
Winner Selection:
1 provisional winner will be randomly selected from all valid entries received during each Monthly Promotion Period to the Austria and the Netherlands Prize pool. 1 provisional winner will be randomly selected from all valid entries received during each Monthly Promotion Period to the Germany and the Republic of Ireland Prize pool. 1 provisional winner will be randomly selected from all valid entries received during each Monthly Promotion Period to the United Kingdom and Isle of Man Prize pool. For your total confidence, the Prize draws will be conducted by PromoVeritas, the independent promotional verification service, within 10 working days from the end of each Monthly Promotion Period.
Winner Notification:
Provisional
winners will be contacted via the email address provided on entry within 5 working days of Winner Selection and will be asked to provide evidence of identity and eligibility. Reasonable efforts will be made to contact the winners. Once a provisional winner has confirmed their eligibility and acceptance of their Prize, they will be confirmed as a winner (“Winner”). If a Winner does not respond to the initial contact within 5 days, we reserve the right to disqualify that entrant and award the Prize to a reserve selected in the same manner. Reserve Winners may have less time to respond.
Prize Acceptance:
Notification to arrange fulfilment of a Prize will take place within 28 days of acceptance of the Prize. In the unlikely event that a Winner has not received communication to arrange their Prize
the Winner must inform the Promoter by emailing
customerservice@tjxeurope.com
. If a Winner does not do so, the Promoter reserves the right to not reissue the Prize or limit its value at its sole discretion.
Provided no objection is received from the Winners, a Winners list containing the surname and county of residence of the UK and IoM Winners will be made available by the Promoter 4 weeks after the close of the Promotion Period, for a period of 8 weeks. It will be available at
www.promowinners.com/tkmaxxmonthlyprizedraw2026
. The Winners can object to their details being published by emailing
customerservice@tjxeurope.com
. Without prejudice, the Promoter will provide Winner information to the Advertising Standards Authority when requested by them.
At the request of the Dutch Authorities, the last name and locality of the Prize winners will be made available by visiting
www.promowinners.com/tkmaxxmonthlyprizedraw2026
for a period of 6 months after the close of the Extended Promotional Period. Without prejudice, the Promoter will provide the full winner details to the relevant Dutch authorities on reasonable request. The Promoter will provide winner information to any regulatory body on reasonable request to comply with all relevant rules and legislation currently in force.
The Promoter may request that the Winners participate in publicity arising from the Promotion. Participation is at the Winner’s discretion and is not a condition of Prize Acceptance.
The Promoter seeks to run a fair and secure promotion and prevent abuse and cheating. If you enter in a way that is not consistent with these Terms & Conditions, your entry (and any of your associated aliases) will be disqualified. Any Prize awarded may be void and recoverable, and the Promoter reserves the right to bar you from entering future promotions for a period of at least six months. For this reason, the Promoter reserves the right at any point to:
Verify the eligibility of entrants and/or provisional winners through multiple means by requesting such information it consider reasonably necessary for this purpose. Entry or a Prize may be withheld until verification is completed.
Disqualify entries that are not made directly by the individual entering the Promotion.
Disqualify entries made using anonymous email services such as, but not limited to, GuerillaMail, Dispostable or Mailinator.
Disqualify bulk entries from individuals, trade, consumer groups or third parties, incomplete entries and entries submitted by macros or other automated means.
Disqualify entries beyond the maximum allowed, or those using techniques such as ‘script’, ‘brute force’, masking identity by manipulating IP addresses, using aliases or identities other than their own or any other means.
Disqualify entrants who tamper with the entry process.
Disqualify entries which, in some other way, do not meet the requirements of these Terms & Conditions.
Cancel, modify or suspend the Promotion should it not be capable of running as planned for reasons including but not limited to tampering, unauthorised intervention, fraud, dishonesty, technical failures, or any other causes beyond the control of the Promoter which corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this Promotion.
The Prizes are not transferable or exchangeable and cannot be redeemed for monetary value or for any other form of compensation. If for any reason a Prize and/or any element of a Prize is not available, the Promoter reserves the right, at its sole discretion to substitute that Prize or element of the Prize for another of equal or greater value.
No responsibility can be taken for entries which are lost, delayed, corrupted, damaged, misdirected or incomplete or which cannot be delivered for any technical, delivery or other reason. Proof of sending will not be accepted as proof of receipt. The Promoter does not guarantee continuous or secure access to the websites listed under Clause 4.
The Promoter and its associated agencies and companies are not liable for any loss (including, without limitation, indirect, special or consequential loss or loss of profits), expense or damage which is suffered or sustained (whether or not arising from any person’s negligence) in connection with this Promotion (JS16045) or accepting or using the/a Prize(s), except for any liability which cannot be excluded by law.  Nothing will exclude the Promotor’s liability for death or personal injury as a result of its negligence.
The Promoter will not be liable for any delay or failure to comply with its obligations for reasons beyond its reasonable control arising from but not limited to Acts of God, global or regional epidemic or pandemic, adverse weather conditions, fire, industrial dispute, war, terrorist activity, hostilities, political unrest, riots, civil commotion, plague or other natural calamities, or any other circumstances.
All personal data supplied for this Promotion will be used for the purpose of this Promotion and for research and analytical purposes by the Promoter and/or by any agent appointed by it to assist with running the Promotion. Personal data will not be disclosed to an unconnected third party unless your positive consent has been obtained. Your personal data will be handled in accordance with the Promoter’s privacy policy, available at:
Austria
TK Maxx
:
www.tkmaxx.com/at/de/datenschutzrichtlinien+cookie-praeferenzen
Netherlands TK Maxx:
www.tkmaxx.nl/privacybeleid
Germany TK Maxx:
www.tkmaxx.de/datenschutzrichtlinien
Republic of Ireland TK Maxx:
www.tkmaxx.ie/cookies-and-privacy-policy
Republic of Ireland Homesense:
www.homesense.ie/cookies-and-privacy-policy
United Kingdom TK Maxx:
www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en/privacy-cookie-policy
United Kingdom Homesense:
www.homesense.com/cookies-and-privacy-policy
If any part/s of these Terms & Conditions are legally ruled to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remainder will not be affected and will continue in full force and effect.
By entering, you will be deemed to have agreed to be bound by these Terms & Conditions.
If there is a discrepancy between these Terms & Conditions and those in any promotional material, these Terms & Conditions will prevail.
These Terms & Conditions are governed by the law of the relevant country for each entrant, and entrants submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the relevant country they reside in.
Promoter:
TJX UK, 73 Clarendon Road, Watford, WD17 1TX.
Uxbridge City Store Opening
‘Golden Label’ Treasure Hunt Terms and Conditions
GB, 18+ only. Visit the TK Maxx Uxbridge store between 10:00 – 13:30 on 20/02/25 and find a winning label within the store. Once found, take the winning label to a Brand Ambassador at the “Golden Label Treasure Hunt” located by the pop-up stand in store to redeem a Prize.
Prizes can only be redeemed between 10:00 - 13:30 on 20/02/25
. Prizes: 30 x £5 TK Maxx/Homesense Gift Cards. Max 1 entry and 1 Prize per person. For full Terms and Prize details, see the promotional stand in-store.
Promoter:
TJX UK, 73 Clarendon Road, Watford, Hertfordshire, WD17 1TX.
Full Terms and Conditions
This Promotion is open to residents of Great Britain aged 18 or over, excluding employees of TJX, their group companies, their families (defined as parents, children, siblings, spouse and life partners), agents or anyone else professionally connected with this Promotion.
Purchase is not necessary.
Promotion Period:
Enter and locate a winning label between 10:00 GMT - 13:30 GMT on Thursday 20th February 2025 at the TK Maxx Uxbridge located at The Chimes, Uxbridge UB8 1QJ.
To Enter:
Visit the TK Maxx store in Uxbridge located at The Chimes, Uxbridge UB8 1QJ and find a winning Gold label. Once found, take the winning label to a Brand Ambassador at the ‘Found a golden label stand’ to redeem a Prize.
Maximum of one entry is permitted per person during the Promotion Period. No person may win more than 1 Prize. In the event of an entrant having more than one winning label, only one winning label will be accepted, and any others will be hidden in store for another entrant to find.
The hidden location of the winning labels within the store will be pre-determined before the Promotion Period has started. All winning labels have been made available to be won in a fair and random process.
Prizes:
There will be a total of 30 prizes available to be won. Each winner will win 1 x £5 Homesense/TK Maxx gift card.
Further Prize Details and Conditions:
The gift cards can be used in any TK Maxx or Homesense Store in the United Kingdom only, in a single or multiple transaction, and are subject to additional terms and conditions which can be found on www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en/terms-and-conditions.
The gift cards have no expiry date.
Winners will not receive any refund if the full gift voucher is not used.
By participating in the Promotion, entrants agree that the Prize is awarded on an "as is" basis, and that the Promoter makes no representations or warranties of any nature with respect to the Prize.
The Prize must be taken as stated and no compensation will be payable if a winner is unable to use the Prize as stated. The winner will be liable for all costs and expenses not stated relating to claiming the prize.
Prize claiming:
If you find a winning label, you will be required to follow the instructions on the winning label by the end of the Promotion Period to participate in the ‘Golden Label Treasure Hunt’. In the eventuality that two or more people come across a winning label at the same time, the winner will be the entrant that claims the Prize by returning the winning label to the Brand Ambassador at the ‘Find a Golden Label stand’. Any claims received that do not meet these requirements or are received after the Promotion Period will be void and invalid.
Prize acceptance:
Once eligibility of a Prize is confirmed and the Prize is accepted, the Prize will be awarded to the winner immediately. In the unlikely event that the winner does not receive their Prize immediately, they must inform a Brand Ambassador member before they leave the TK Maxx store they have visited. If a winner does not do so, the Promoter reserves the right to not reissue the Prize at its sole discretion.
Provided no objection is received from the winners, a winners list containing the surname and county of residence of the winners will be made available by the Promoter 4 weeks after the close of the Promotion Period, for a period of 8 weeks. It will be available by sending a request via email to hello@undercurrent.uk.net. The winners can object to their details being published during the claim process. Without prejudice, the Promoter will provide winner information to the Advertising Standards Authority when requested by them.
The Promoter may request that the winners participate in publicity arising from the Promotion. Participation is at the winner’s discretion and is not a condition of Prize Acceptance.
The Promoter seeks to run a fair and secure promotion and prevent abuse and cheating. If you enter in a way that is not consistent with these Terms & Conditions, your entry (and any of your associated aliases) will be disqualified. Any Prize awarded may be void and recoverable, and the Promoter reserves the right to bar you from entering future promotions for a period of at least six months. For this reason, the Promoter reserves the right at any point to:
Verify the eligibility of entrants and/or provisional winners by requesting such information it consider reasonably necessary for this purpose. Entry or a Prize may be withheld until verification is completed.
Disqualify entries that are not made directly by the individual entering the Promotion.
Disqualify bulk entries from individuals, trade, consumer groups or third parties, incomplete entries and entries submitted by macros or other automated means.
Disqualify entries beyond the maximum allowed, or those, using aliases or identities other than their own or any other means.
Disqualify entrants who tamper with the entry process.
Disqualify entries which, in some other way, do not meet the requirements of these Terms & Conditions.
Cancel, modify or suspend the Promotion should it not be capable of running as planned for reasons including but not limited to tampering, unauthorised intervention, fraud, dishonesty, technical failures, or any other causes beyond the control of the Promoter which corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this Promotion.
The Prizes are not transferable or exchangeable and cannot be redeemed for any other form of compensation. If for any reason the Prizes are not available, the Promoter reserves the right, at its sole discretion to substitute that Prize for another of equal or greater value.
No responsibility can be taken for entries which are lost, delayed, corrupted, damaged, misdirected or incomplete or which cannot be delivered for any technical, delivery or other reason. Proof of sending will not be accepted as proof of receipt.
The Promoter and its associated agencies and companies are not liable for any loss (including, without limitation, indirect, special or consequential loss or loss of profits), expense or damage which is suffered or sustained (whether or not arising from any person’s negligence) in connection with this Promotion (JS15447) or accepting or using the/a Prize(s), except for any liability which cannot be excluded by law. Nothing will exclude the Promotor’s liability for death or personal injury as a result of its negligence.
The Promoter will not be liable for any delay or failure to comply with its obligations for reasons beyond its reasonable control arising from but not limited to Acts of God, global or regional epidemic or pandemic, adverse weather conditions, fire, industrial dispute, war, terrorist activity, hostilities, political unrest, riots, civil commotion, plague or other natural calamities, or any other circumstances.
All personal data supplied for this Promotion will be used solely for the purpose of this Promotion by the Promoter and/or by any agent appointed by it to assist with running the Promotion and will not be disclosed to an unconnected third party unless your positive consent has been obtained. Your personal data will be handled in accordance with the Promoter’s privacy policy, available at:
www.tkmaxx.com/uk/en/privacy-cookie-policy
If any part/s of these Terms & Conditions are legally ruled to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remainder will not be affected and will continue in full force and effect.
By entering, you will be deemed to have agreed to be bound by these Terms & Conditions.
If there is a discrepancy between these Terms & Conditions and those in any promotional material, these Terms & Conditions will prevail.
These Terms & Conditions are governed by English law and their interpretation and application will be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. Residents of Scotland may bring proceedings in their own jurisdiction.
Promoter:
TJX UK, a company registered in England and Wales under registration number 3094828 and whose registered office is at 73 Clarendon Road, Watford, Hertfordshire, WD17 1TX.
Follow us
Help & Information
Help & Information
Help Centre
Delivery and Collection
Returns & Refunds
Find a Store
Size Guide
Contact Us
Gift Cards
Product Recalls
Accessibility Statement
About Us
About Us
About TK Maxx
How we do it
Guide to Shop TK Maxx
Corporate Responsibility
TK Maxx Insider
Treasure - Our Rewards Programme
Gender Pay Statement 2024
Gender Pay Statement 2023
Gender Pay Statement 2022
Modern Slavery Act
Careers
Become an Affiliate
The TK Maxx Family
The TK Maxx Family
Homesense
TK Maxx Ireland
TK Maxx Germany
TK Maxx Austria
TK Maxx Netherlands
TK Maxx Poland
TK Maxx Australia
The TJX Companies
Terms and conditions
Privacy and cookie policy
*Less than the RRP
Visit our sister site