Terms & Conditions | Total Wine & More
Terms & Conditions of Use and Service
LAST UPDATED: November 1, 2024
These Terms and Conditions of Use and Service (“Terms & Conditions”) govern your access to and use of the Total Wine & More website (totalwine.com) and webpages, the Total Wine mobile site and/or app, Total Wine stores operating under the Total Wine & More trade name (the “Stores”), the &More Rewards Program, and the Concierge Program (collectively, the “Sites”). The Sites are operated by Retail Services & Systems, Inc. for the benefit and use of certain affiliates that operate under the Total Wine & More brands and associated brands in various states (hereafter, "Total Wine").  The Stores are owned and operated by affiliated but separate business entities (“Affiliates”) that are licensed to sell alcohol and related products to consumers.  When using the Sites, please be sure to use the "My Location" button at the top right-hand corner of the landing page, which will allow you to obtain details about the different services and products offered in each Store.
These Terms & Conditions apply to all persons who visit any of the Sites ("Visitors") or transact any business with Total Wine Stores, regardless of a Visitor’s purpose, use, or amount of use. In these Terms, "you" and "your" refer to each Visitor and his or her agents (unless the context requires otherwise), and "we", "us" and "our" refer collectively to Total Wine.
Shopping in Total Wine Stores or accessing the Sites, in any manner, whether automated or otherwise, constitutes use of the Site and Stores and your agreement to be bound by these Terms & Conditions, our Privacy Policy, and any additional terms and conditions that are referenced herein or that otherwise may apply to specific sections of the Site, or to products and services that we make available to you through the Site (all of which are deemed part of these Terms & Conditions). These Terms & Conditions supplement any other terms and conditions that may apply to purchases you make in-Store (as opposed to online) at a retail location.
We reserve the right to change these Terms & Conditions or to impose new terms and conditions on use of the Site and Stores, from time to time, in which case we will post the revised Terms & Conditions on this website and update the "Last Updated" date to reflect the date of the changes. By continuing to use the Sites after we post any such changes or notify you of any material changes, you accept the Terms & Conditions, as modified.
We also reserve the right to deny access to the Site or our Stores to anyone who violates or does not consent to these Terms & Conditions or who, in our sole judgment, interferes with the ability of others to enjoy our Sites or Stores or infringes the rights of others.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY. THESE TERMS INCLUDE AN AGREEMENT TO MANDATORY AND BINDING ARBITRATION, WHICH MEANS THAT YOU AGREE TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE RELATED TO YOUR USE OF ANY OF THE SITES OR STORES TO BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION RATHER THAN IN COURT. THE DISPUTES/ARBITRATION PROVISION ALSO INCLUDES A CLASS ACTION WAIVER, WHICH MEANS THAT YOU AGREE TO PROCEED WITH ANY DISPUTE INDIVIDUALLY AND NOT AS PART OF A CLASS ACTION. THIS AGREEMENT ALSO INCLUDES A JURY WAIVER.  YOU ARE PROHIBITED FROM ACCESSING OR USING ANY OF THE SITES OR STORES IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS IN THEIR ENTIRETY.
THE SITES ARE ONLY INTENDED FOR USE AND VIEWING IN THE UNITED STATES IF YOU ARE 21 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER. If you do not meet these requirements, you are not authorized by us to use or view any of the Sites.
If you have questions or concerns about our specific terms, please send an e-mail to
privacy@totalwine.com
.
Privacy Policy
&MORE Rewards Program and Concierge In-Store Program
Accessibility of Our Sites
Site Security
Your Account
Use of Our Sites
Site Content
Errors on Our Sites
Product Orders Using Our Sites
Mobile SMS/Texting and Mobile Apps
Termination of Use
Force Majeure
Governing Law and Venue
Disclaimer of Warranties
Limitation of Liability
Indemnity
Arbitration Agreement
Other
Privacy Policy
Your use of our Sites is also subject to our
Privacy Policy
.
&MORE Rewards Program and Concierge In-Store Program
&MORE Rewards Program
In certain states, customers are eligible to participate in state-specific &MORE Rewards Programs. For more information on the terms and conditions governing the &MORE Rewards Program, please click
&MORE Rewards Terms & Conditions
to find the terms applicable in your state/Store,
all of which are incorporated herein. Your agreement to these Terms & Conditions for the Sites is also an agreement to the &More Rewards Terms & Conditions for your state/Store
.
Concierge In-Store Program
For the convenience of customers who want a different level of service, Total Wine offers a choice to communicate with in-store team members using text messaging and email through the Concierge In Store Program. In order to participate in the Concierge In-Store Program, you must consent to receive both text and email messages from Total Wine & More. For more information on text messaging (including opt-out options), see
Mobile SMS/Texting and Mobile Apps
. For more information on email communications (including opt-out options), see
E-mail & Account Registration
in our
Privacy Policy
. The Concierge In-Store Program or any other personalized, private-client program offered by Total Wine are subject to these Terms & Conditions, to which you consent by participating in said programs.
Accessibility of Our Sites
Sites, Stores & Services Intended for Persons Aged 21 or Older Only
We make every effort to ensure that alcoholic beverages are not sold or delivered to anyone who is under the age of 21. By using this site, you represent that you are over the age of 21. Also, Total Wine works diligently to ensure that alcohol beverages are not delivered to anyone who is under the age of 21. By using the Sites, you represent that the person placing an order, picking up the order in one of our Stores (called “in-store pickup” or “ISP”), or receiving a shipment or delivery of alcoholic beverages from us (where permitted) is over the age of 21. You also agree that any alcohol purchased from us is intended for personal consumption and not for resale.
Your representations are critical to your right to use the Sites. If you intentionally or unintentionally misrepresent your age in order to obtain or provide alcohol to a person under the age of 21, we may take action to prevent you from accessing the Sites and report your misrepresentation to the appropriate authorities.
Customers With Disabilities
Total Wine strives to make our Sites’ content accessible and user-friendly. Consistent with this goal, we continually strive to meet online usability and design standards recommended by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) in its Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0, Level AA (WCAG 2.0 AA) or other standards to the extent required by the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA).
Our website is designed to be compatible with certain screen readers that can help visually impaired customers enjoy it.  We designed our site to work with the more commonly used screen readers:  NVDA, JAWS, Mac VoiceOver, and Windows Narrator, which represent the majority of users.
If you are having difficulty viewing the content on our Sites or navigating our Sites, or if you have a screen reader not listed above, please contact us for assistance at
customercare@totalwine.com
or
(855) 328-9463
.
Parental Control Protections
As required by the Communications Decency Act of 1996, we hereby notify you that parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software or filtering services) are commercially available that may assist you in limiting access to information and content that may be objectionable or harmful to minors as specified by law. Among the many companies that provide Internet blocking and screening software are CyberPatrol, NetNanny, and SurfWatch. We do not sponsor or endorse or control any of these companies or their services.
Site Security
We aim to protect your personal information by implementing and maintaining commercially reasonable security, such as by using reasonable organizational, technology and physical safeguards appropriate to the type of the personal information we hold. However, no security controls can be expected to be effective all of the time, and therefore Total Wine cannot ensure or warrant the security of your personal information. We therefore urge you to always use caution when transmitting information over the Internet.
Your Account
You may create a personal account to place an order using the Sites for the Stores where you would like to shop, or to participate in our &MORE Rewards program. You have the ability to purchase on our Sites without creating an account; however, you will need to reenter your personal information each time you use our Sites in order to make a purchase.
If you create an account on the Sites (“Account”), you may be asked or required to provide your personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, phone number or email address (“Personal Information”). Further, if you register on any of the Sites, you may be asked to provide additional information, including your Loyalty Account Number. Please see our
Privacy Policy
for more information on how we protect your Personal Information.
If you create an online account, you agree to provide truthful, accurate and complete information about yourself as prompted by the online or mobile forms. If we have reasonable grounds (as determined by us in our sole discretion) to suspect that the Personal Information you provide for opt-in or registration purposes is untrue, inaccurate or incomplete, we have the right to refuse, with or without notice, any and all current or future requests you make through the Sites and/or to suspend or terminate any and all Accounts that you created on the Sites.
We shall have no liability associated with or arising from your failure to maintain accurate Personal Information in connection with your Account, including, but not limited to, your failure to receive critical information about Total Wine and/or the Sites.
Your selection and use of an Account username and password, and any other information required for security access and authentication purposes, are subject to these Terms. You agree not to share your username, password and any security-related information with anyone. You are responsible for all use of your Account and for ensuring that access to and use of your Account complies fully with these Terms & Conditions. You acknowledge and agree that any use of your Account through your username, password and security information shall be deemed to be your actions, which we may rely upon. You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality and security of your Account.
Use of Our Sites
At Total Wine, our goal is to create a positive, rewarding, and safe experience in connection with our Sites. To promote this goal, we prohibit certain kinds of conduct that may be harmful to other users or to the Company. When you use the Sites, you may
not
:
Intentionally or unintentionally violate any law, regulation or these Terms & Conditions;
Misrepresent or try to deceive us as to your identity or the identity of anyone else, use buying agents or conduct fraudulent activities;
Violate, infringe, or misappropriate other people’s intellectual property, privacy, publicity, or other legal rights;
Distribute, retransmit, republish, reuse, re-post, or use any of the design features, logos, tradenames, trademarks or other content of the Sites for public or commercial purposes, without Total Wine’s prior written permission;
Post, share, send, or otherwise use the Sites to do anything that is illegal, abusive, harassing, harmful to reputation, pornographic, indecent, profane, obscene, hateful, racist, or otherwise objectionable;
Alter or interfere with the content or functioning of the Sites, or “mirror” any content contained on the Sites on any other server;
Transmit any viruses or other computer instructions or technological means whose purpose is to disrupt, damage, or interfere with the use of computers or related systems;
Use automated technology of other means to use the Sites or scrape or crawl any pages or content contained in the Sites. Total Wine may allow operators of public search engines to use spiders to index materials from the Sites for the sole purpose of creating publicly-available searchable indices of the materials, and Total Wine reserves the right to revoke these exceptions either generally or in specific cases;
Exceed authorized access, tamper with, or misuse any areas of the Sites or Total Wine’s computer systems, resources, programming, code or communications capabilities, nor any features or functions of our sites. Anyone who does so or attempts to do so may be subject to prosecution;
Attempt to circumvent any technological measure implemented by Total Wine or any of Total Wine’s providers or any other third party (including another user) to protect the Sites;
Attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any of the software used to operate the Sites;
Frame or link to Sites, unless permitted in writing by Total Wine; and
Advocate, encourage, or assist any third party in doing any of the foregoing while using the Sites.
Also, you agree that you will notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or password, or any other breach of security.
You are responsible for your use of the Sites, and for any use of the Sites made using your account. Your use of our Sites is solely and fully at your own risk and you assume full responsibility for all costs and expenses associated with that attempted, alleged or actual use or access of our Sites.
You may submit reviews or other feedback on the Sites. Any comments, suggestions, or feedback relating to the Sites (collectively “Feedback”) submitted to Total Wine shall become the property of Total Wine. Total Wine will not be required to treat any Feedback as confidential, and will not be liable for any ideas (including without limitation, product, services, application, site, or advertising ideas) and will not incur any liability as a result of any similarities that may appear in the Sites, or its operations or business, in the future. Without limitation, Total Wine will have exclusive ownership of all present and future existing rights to the Feedback of every kind and nature everywhere and will be entitled to use the Feedback for any commercial or other purpose whatsoever, without compensation to you or any other person sending the Feedback. You acknowledge that you are responsible for whatever material you submit, and you, not Total Wine, have full responsibility for the message, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality and copyright.
Site Content
Copyright Notice
All text, graphics, logos, icons, images, audio clips, video clips and software on the site (“Content”) are copyrighted materials owned by or licensed to us. Content may contain trademarks, service marks, trade names, or brand or product names which are owned us or by third parties who license them to us. Unless authorized in writing by an officer of Total Wine, you may not use any Content. Even if we consent in writing, you may not use any of our Content in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits us. You may not sell, reproduce, distribute, copy, duplicate, resell, modify, display, publicly perform, prepare derivative works based on, frame, mirror, repost, exploit for any commercial purpose, or otherwise use any of the Content in any way for any public or commercial purpose without our prior written consent or the consent of the rights holder if not us. You may not use the Content on any other website or medium. You may not use the Content in a networked computer environment for any purpose other than to transact with our site as authorized by us. If you violate any of these terms, your permission to use the Content will automatically terminate, you must immediately destroy Content in your possession or under your control and any copies you have made and we may end your authorization to use our site. Nothing shall be construed as conferring any license or right under any copyright, trade secret, patent, trademark or other intellectual property rights to you and we expressly reserved all such rights.
Third Party Content & Monitoring
Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, events or other information or content expressed or made available on our Sites by any third parties (including information providers and users) are those of the respective author(s) or distributor(s) and not ours. We neither endorse nor are responsible for these, in any way, including, without limitation, the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice, information or statement made by anyone other than our employee who is authorized by us and is acting in her or his official capacity.
Links
Our site may contain links to other websites and/or resources. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible or liable for their (1) availability or accuracy; or (2) content, advertising or products on or made available. The inclusion of any link on our site does not imply that we endorse, verify, have reviewed or monitor the link or the site reached through the link.
YouTube and Vimeo
Parts of the Sites use Vimeo and YouTube API Services to provide access to YouTube and Vimeo videos. You acknowledge and agree to be bound by the YouTube Terms of Service (
https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
), the Vimeo Terms of Service (
https://vimeo.com/terms
), and Google’s Privacy Policy (
https://policies.google.com/privacy
) when engaging YouTube and Vimeo content and services through the Sites. You may manage your YouTube API data by visiting Google’s security settings page at:
https://myaccount.google.com/permissions
.
Errors on Our Sites
Prices and availability of products and services are subject to change without notice. Errors will be corrected where discovered and we have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for products and/or services listed at an incorrect price, rebate or refund or other promotional offer or containing any incorrect information or typographical errors. We have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders, whether or not the order has been confirmed and/or your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, we shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge. Individual bank policies will dictate when this amount is credited to your account.
Product Orders Using Our Sites
Validating Your Order
After you place an order using our shopping cart, we will check the information you give us for validity and compliance with state laws and regulations, by verifying your method of payment or shipping address. We reserve the right to reject any order you place with us, and/or to limit quantities on any order, without giving any reason. If we reject your order, we will attempt to notify you using the e-mail address you have given us with the order. Your credit or debit card will normally not be charged if we reject an order, but we will process a refund if the charge has been made against your card.
Order Acceptance/Confirmation
Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. Total Wine reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason.
Order Limitations & Product Availability
We may, at our own discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. We also reserve the right to reject any order you place with us. These restrictions may include orders placed by the same account or individual, the same credit card, and orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event we make a change to an order, we will attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address provided at the time the order was made.
Not all items listed on the Sites are available for sale in all Stores, or the prices, promotions, and quantities may vary depending on the state or Store location. Some items, especially highly-allocated or limited quantity items, may be listed on the Sites but may not be available for sale or in the quantities indicated. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to restrict or refuse the sale of any such items if the quantities held in inventory exceeds the demand for those items. Please check with the Store for current availability.
Title & Ownership of Product
Title to, and ownership of, all alcoholic beverages and other products sold through the Sites passes to you upon purchase from your Store of choice, selected by you on the Sites by selecting “My Location” (this website) or “Change Store” (on the app). Once a sale is been approved, there are essentially there ways to receive your purchase: (i) in-Store pickup (or “ISP”), where one of our Store team members will pick your order and have it waiting for you to pick up at your convenience; (ii) delivery, where available, which means that a Store team member will pick your order and either the Store or a third-party delivery vendor will deliver your order to your home or other authorized location within the selected Store’s designated service territory; or (iii) shipping, either intrastate or interstate (where permitted), which means that a common carrier will deliver your order as specified by you. You will be charged the state taxes (including the sales tax), if any, assessed by the state where the sales transaction occurred.
In-store Pickup (ISP)
All Total Wine Stores permit in-Store pickup. Once confirmed, all orders are subject to product availability and will be available for pickup at the Store you designated in your order according to our pickup policies. We will use the email address provided with the order to contact you when your order is ready for pickup. Some states require the person who placed the order to pick-up the order; other states allow someone else to pick up the order on your behalf. Check with your ISP Store to determine what rules apply. Any person picking up an order in-Store must be aged 21 or older and must present a valid government-issued identification.
If you have not picked up your order within 14 days of placing it, we will attempt to notify you by contacting you with the information provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to cancel the order, return the products or other goods, and issue a credit to the credit card used to place the order in the amount of the charge corresponding to the intended purchase. Individual bank policies will dictate when this amount is credited to your account. See
Store Pick-Up
for more information.
Delivery
Delivery to your home, office or event location is available from some Total Wine locations, depending on state law. Where permitted, you (or, where allowed, your designee) must be aged 21 or older and must present a valid government-issued identification in order to obtain your shipment. All delivery orders are subject to product availability and delivery locations, quantities and frequency may be restricted by law or Total Wine discretion. Delivery fees may apply. See
Delivery
for more information.
Also, you may have the option to provide your phone number or email address for purposes delivery notifications. For more information, see our
Mobile and Mobile Apps policy
.
Shipping
We make no representations about the legality of shipping alcoholic beverages. By arranging for transportation or shipping of any alcoholic beverage under your instructions, we are providing a service to, and acting on behalf of you. As with in-Store pickup and delivery, you (or, where allowed, your designee) must be aged 21 or older and must present a valid government-issued identification in order to obtain your shipment.
All orders placed on our site are subject to product availability and will be shipped according to our
Shipping Policies
, which may vary based on applicable state law. In the event your order never arrives, notification of lost items must be received within 60 days from receipt of the shipping confirmation e-mail. Please review our
Shipping Policies
portion of our Customer Service section for additional information on shipping times, rates and policies.
Returns
Our goal is that all our customers are satisfied with their orders. Should you need to return an item for any reason, please contact our Customer Service department at
(855) 328-9463
. Note that some states prohibit returns except where product is spoiled or otherwise unfit for consumption. See our
Return Policy
for more information.
Mobile SMS/Texting and Mobile Apps
Mobile Terms of Use
Total Wine offers areas and features that are accessible via a computer or mobile device, such as a smartphone. These features and areas may include the ability to upload content, make purchases, determine your location, and other similar activities. Note that standard messaging, data, and other fees may be charged by your carrier to engage in any activities which are available on your mobile device. If you have questions about these issues, please contact your carrier as we have no control, and are not responsible for such charges.
You agree that for the functions or services for which you have created an account with Total Wine or have otherwise completed a purchase, we may send communications to your mobile device regarding those functions or services. You also agree that we may collect information related to your mobile device associated with your use of the features and areas which are accessible by your mobile device.
PLEASE READ THESE MOBILE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE SIGNING UP FOR ANY TOTAL WINE TEXT MESSAGING PROGRAM. BY SIGNING UP TO RECEIVE TEXT MESSAGES FROM OR ON BEHALF OF TOTAL WINE, OR BY OTHERWISE PROVIDING YOUR PHONE NUMBER TO TOTAL WINE OR ACCESSING, BROWSING, OR USING THE MOBILE APPLICATION, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT: (1) YOU ARE THE CURRENT SUBSCRIBER OR CUSTOMARY USER OF THE MOBILE PHONE NUMBER YOU PROVIDED TO TOTAL WINE IN ORDER TO PARTICIPATE IN THE PROGRAM; AND (2) YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT USE YOUR MOBILE PHONE TO ACCESS THE SITES OR PARTICIPATE IN THE TOTAL WINE TEXT MESSAGING PROGRAMS. You are also subject to and agree to comply with Total Wine’s Terms & Conditions located on this page and Privacy Policy with respect to text messaging, mobile phone, and mobile app usage.
PLEASE NOTE: You agree that if the mobile telephone number you provide at any time becomes reassigned, terminated or otherwise no longer your current mobile telephone number, you will PROMPTLY NOTIFY Total Wine of any such reassignment or termination by calling
(855) 328-9463
or by sending an email to
customercare@totalwine.com
.
SMS/Text Message Eligibility Requirements
AGE REQUIREMENTS
To receive Total Wine text messages, you must be a resident of the United States. Because messages may contain content regarding alcohol, you must be 21 years of age or older. Total Wine reserves the right to require you to prove that you are 21 years of age or older.
YOUR MOBILE TELEPHONE NUMBER
You represent that you are the account holder for the mobile telephone number(s) that you enroll. You are responsible for notifying Total Wine if you change your mobile telephone number. You must notify Total Wine of a number change by contacting Total Wine Customer Care at
(855) 328-9463
or
customercare@totalwine.com
. You may be required to verify your identity in order to make such a change.
You agree to indemnify Total Wine in full for all claims, expenses, and damages related to or caused in whole or in part by your failure to adhere to any of these terms and conditions, including the duty to notify Total Wine if you change your telephone number.
MESSAGE & DATA RATES MAY APPLY
All charges are billed by and payable to your mobile service provider. Total Wine or its third-party delivery provider does not charge for sending or receiving text messages. Data obtained from you in connection with this SMS service may include your mobile phone number, your carrier's name, your opt-out status, and the date, time, and content of your messages. We may use this information to contact you and to provide you with the Program services. All data obtained is subject to our
Privacy Policy
.
SUPPORTED CARRIERS
It is your responsibility to determine if your mobile carrier supports text messaging and if your mobile device is capable of receiving text messages. Your receipt of our text messages is subject to the terms and conditions of your agreement(s) with your mobile carrier.
Supported carriers may change from time to time, but currently include these SMS supported carriers: AT&T, T-Mobile®, Verizon, Sprint, U.S. Cellular, Boost Mobile, Cricket, Virgin Mobile, Iowa Wireless, Metro PCS, ACS Wireless, West Central Cellular, Ntelos, Bluegrass, Plateau Wireless, AWCC, Cincinnati Bell, Cellular South, Carolina West Wireless, Immix Wireless/Keystone Wireless, Golden State Cellular, Cellcom, ECIT, GCI/Alaska Digitel, Inland Cellular, Illinois Valley, Nex-Tech, Chat Mobility, NW Missouri Cellular, NE Cellular One of PA, Element Wireless, MTPCS, Thumb Cellular, Viaero Wireless; and these MMS Supported Carriers: AT&T, Cricket, T-Mobile®, Sprint, Verizon, U.S. Cellular.
You acknowledge that any text messages you receive from Total Wine or its third-party delivery provider are distributed via third-party mobile network providers. As a result, Total Wine or its third-party delivery provider cannot control certain factors relating to message delivery (e.g. delayed or undelivered messages or the security of any messages). You further acknowledge that neither Total Wine, its third-party delivery provider, nor your wireless carrier is liable for delayed or undelivered text messages.
Types of SMS/Text Message Alerts
Below is more information on the types of text messages you may receive. In all cases, consent to receive text messages is not a condition of purchasing any goods or services, and message and data rates may apply:
TRANSACTIONAL SMS/TEXT MESSAGES
In-Store and Curbside Pick-Up Order Status
. By voluntarily providing your cell phone number to Total Wine, you consent to receive transactional, operational, or informational text messages at that phone number, including but not limited to order confirmations; shipping and delivery notifications; and order pick up reminders and alerts. Specifically, you may elect to receive a SMS/text alert regarding the status of any in-Store pick-up order that you place via the Site. If you elect to receive a status update, Total Wine will send a one-time automated SMS/text message regarding the status of your order to your mobile telephone. Please note that to receive status updates from Total Wine, you will be required to elect to receive a text message for each individual order status notification requested. Message and data rates may apply.
Product Substitutions
. In some cases, if a chosen product is unavailable, we may contact you via SMS Text Messaging an option to substitute a like product. Please note that to receive product substitution requests from Total Wine, you will be required to elect to receive a text message for each individual order status notification requested. Message and data rates may apply.
Delivery Order Status
. You consent to receiving SMS/text alerts regarding the status of any delivery order that you place via the Site. If you elect to receive a status update, Total Wine or its third-party delivery provider will send automated SMS/text messages regarding the status of your order to your mobile telephone. Message and data rates may apply.
MARKETING SMS/TEXT MESSAGES, INCLUDING CONCIERGE IN-STORE MESSAGES
By voluntarily providing your cell phone number to Total Wine, you consent to receive marketing and promotional text messages at that phone number, including information about Total Wine products and services (ex: featured wines, special deals, and store events). Total Wine and its service providers may use an autodialer or other automated technology (such as Twilio) to deliver text messages to you. Please note we may not be able to deliver messages to all mobile carriers. Consent to receive texts is not a condition of purchasing any goods or services. For more information about the Concierge In-Store program, click
&MORE Rewards Program and Concierge In-Store Program
.
Consent to SMS/Text Message Alerts
OPTING-IN TO SMS/TEXT MESSAGES
How to Opt-In
To opt-in to receive text messages from the Total Wine text messaging programs, please follow the instructions provided in the texting program confirmation email or confirmation text. You will be required to read and consent to these terms and conditions in order to participate in the text messaging programs. If, after reading the terms and conditions, you consent to be bound by the terms and conditions, you will be asked to acknowledge and confirm your consent. If you do not consent to be bound by these terms and conditions, you will not be eligible to participate in our text message programs.
How to Opt-Out
To stop receiving text messages from a specific Total Wine text messaging program, reply STOP to the telephone number from which you no longer wish to receive messages (i.e. the telephone number from which Total Wine text messages are being sent). You may also contact Total Wine Customer Care at
(855) 328-9463
or by email at
customercare@totalwine.com
to opt-out of any Total Wine text messaging program. You acknowledge that after replying STOP, you may receive additional communications confirming your opt-out status. Following such confirmation message, no additional text messages associated with the program will be sent to you unless you reactivate your subscription. This will only opt you out of the specific text messaging program associated with that Total Wine telephone number. You will remain opted-in to other Total Wine text messaging programs. After opting-out of receiving text messages, you can re-enroll in any Total Wine text messaging program by following the instructions for that program. We would be happy to welcome you back.
We may also deliver notifications to your mobile device (e.g., push notifications). You can disable these notifications by deleting the relevant service or by changing the settings on your mobile device.
Support/Help
To request more information, text HELP to the Total Wine telephone number for the text messaging program about which you have questions (i.e. the telephone number from which Total Wine text messages are being sent). You may also receive help by contacting Total Wine Customer Care at
(855) 328-9463
or by contacting your local Total Wine & More store.
Termination of Text Messaging
We may suspend or terminate your receipt of Total Wine text messages if we believe you are not using our Services in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. Your receipt of Total Wine text messages is also subject to termination in the event that your mobile phone service terminates or lapses. Total Wine reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any part of Total Wine text messages, with or without notice.
Changes to these Mobile Terms of Use
These Mobile Terms of Use may be updated by Total Wine at any time without prior notice. By continuing to be enrolled in any Total Wine promotional text messaging program, or by providing your mobile phone number for transactional, operational, or informational text messages, you agree to any changes.
Questions
For questions about these Mobile Terms of Use or Total Wine’s text messages, please contact Total Wine Customer Care at
(855) 328-9463
or
customercare@totalwine.com
.
Termination of Use
We may terminate your Total Wine account or prevent use of the Sites with or without cause at any time, with immediate effect. You are personally liable for any orders that you place or charges that you incur prior to termination. We reserve the right to change, suspend or discontinue all or any aspects of the Sites at any time without prior notice.
If we believe you have violated these Terms & Conditions, we may terminate your Total Wine account or prevent use of the Sites at any time, with immediate effect. If you continue to access your account and/or the Sites after your access has been terminated, we may take any actions or seek any remedies permitted by law. You are personally liable for any orders that you place or charges that you incur prior to termination. We reserve the right to change, suspend or discontinue all or any aspects of the Sites at any time without prior notice.
Force Majeure
We shall be excused from performance under this Terms & Conditions if we fail or are prevented, forbidden or delayed from performing by reason of: (a) any provision of any present or future law or regulation or order of any court, the United States of America, or any State or local government body, (b) any act or omission of a third party, or (c) any act, emergency condition, war, computer or telecommunications failure or other circumstance beyond our control.
Governing Law and Venue
This agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
Disclaimer of Warranties
We make no representations about the suitability, reliability, availability, timeliness and accuracy of the Sites. OUR SITES, THEIR CONTENT AND ALL PRODUCTS SOLD ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
WE CANNOT AND DO NOT WARRANT, PROMISE, GUARANTEE OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE ACCURACY, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY OR ANY USE OF THE FUNCTIONS, FEATURES, OPERATIONS, CONTENT OR INFORMATION ASSOCIATED WITH THE SITES, OR THE SITE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL ELEMENTS.
Limitation of Liability
EXCEPT IN JURISDICTIONS WHERE SUCH PROVISIONS ARE RESTRICTED, YOU AGREE THAT THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF ANY TOTAL WINE ENTITY TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PERSON, AND THAT YOUR OR ANY THIRD PERSON'S EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, IN LAW, IN EQUITY, OR OTHERWISE, WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICE PROVIDED UNDER THESE TERMS OF USE AND/OR FOR ANY BREACH OF THESE TERMS IS SOLELY LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT OF FIFTY CENTS ($0.50). EXCEPT IN JURISDICTIONS WHERE SUCH PROVISIONS ARE RESTRICTED, NO TOTAL WINE ENTITY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES EVEN IF THE RELEASED PARTIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. TO THE EXTENT THAT A STATE DOES NOT PERMIT THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AS SET FORTH HEREIN OUR LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN SUCH STATES.
If you are dissatisfied with any portion of Sites, or with any part of the Terms & Conditions or your transactions with us, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using Sites and stop initiating transactions with us. This sole and exclusive remedy is separate and independent of any other provision that limits our liability or your remedies under this Agreement.
You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action that you may have arising out of or related to use of the Sites or these Terms & Conditions must be filed by you within one year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Total Wine, its affiliates, employees, officers, agents, vendors and service providers (“Total Wine Entities”), from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, costs, investigations, liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties, settlements, interest and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) that directly or indirectly arise from or are related to any claim, suit, action, demand, or proceeding made or brought against any Total Wine Entities, or on account of the investigation, defense, or settlement thereof, arising out of or in connection with, whether occurring heretofore or hereafter: (i) any content you post or upload on the site; (ii) your use of the site and your activities in connection with the site; (iii) your breach or alleged breach of these Terms & Conditions; (iv) your violation or alleged violation of any laws, rules, regulations, codes, statutes, ordinances or orders of any governmental or quasi-governmental authorities in connection with your use of the site or your activities in connection with the site; (v) information or material transmitted through your device used to access the site, even if not submitted by you, that infringes, violates or misappropriates any copyright, trademark, trade secret, trade dress, patent, publicity, privacy, or other right of any person or entity; (vi) any misrepresentation made by you; and (vii) Total Wine Entities use of the information that you submit to us (all of the foregoing, “Claims and Losses”). You will cooperate as fully required by Total Wine Entities in the defense of any Claim and Losses. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Total Wine Entities retain the exclusive right to settle, compromise and pay any and all Claims and Losses. Total Wine Entities reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any Claims and Losses. You will not settle any Claims and Losses without, in each instance, the prior written consent of an officer of a Total Wine Entity.
Dispute Resolution, Individual Arbitration, Prohibition of Class Actions
You and Total Wine acknowledge that the Agreement affects interstate commerce and that the Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to arbitrations under the Agreement (despite any other choice of law provision). This section is deemed to be a "written agreement to arbitrate" pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, and you and Total Wine each agree that this section is intended to satisfy the "writing" requirement of the Federal Arbitration Act. To the extent that the Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law do not supply substantive law necessary for the resolution of any disputes or claims, the laws of the State of Maryland shall apply. To the extent that the parties litigate any part of any dispute or claim in court, including, without limitation, obtaining provisional remedies in aid of arbitration, confirmation of the award, and judgment enforcement, the laws of the State of Maryland shall apply.
PLEASE READ THIS PROVISION CAREFULLY. THE FOLLOWING TERMS TO WHICH YOU ARE CONSENTING CONSIST OF A PRE-DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCESS, BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION, AND A CLASS-ACTION AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, BY ACCESSING AND/OR USING THE SITES OR OUR STORES, YOU AND TOTAL WINE AGREE THAT IF A DISPUTE ARISES BETWEEN YOU AND TOTAL WINE RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE SITES, THE STORES, OR YOUR ACCESS OR USE THEREOF, INCLUDING COMMON LAW OR STATUTORY CLAIMS, THE DISPUTE WILL BE RESOLVED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION. PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS AND WILL IMPACT HOW CLAIMS YOU AND TOTAL WINE HAVE AGAINST EACH OTHER ARE RESOLVED.
You and Total Wine agree that any and all disputes or claims that have arisen or may arise between you and Total Wine in connection with the Sites or Stores, including any products or services offered or sold on the Sites and your use of the Sites, shall be resolved exclusively through confidential, final, and binding arbitration; except to the extent that you have in any manner infringed upon or violated or threatened to infringe upon or violate any of the Total Wine Entities’ or any third party patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, privacy or publicity rights, in which case you acknowledge that there is no adequate remedy at law and that injunctive or other appropriate relief may be sought by the Total Wine Entities and/or the applicable third party(ies) either in court or from an arbitrator. In no event shall any claim, action or proceeding by you related in any way to this Arbitration Agreement be instituted outside the applicable state law statute of limitation or statute or repose.
YOU ARE GIVING UP THE RIGHT TO LITIGATE A DISPUTE IN COURT BEFORE A JUDGE OR JURY.
PRE-ARBITRATION DISPUTE RESOLUTION
Total Wine’s goal is for the Sites to meet your expectations and satisfy you. However, there may be instances when you have a problem or dispute that needs special attention. In those instances, Total Wine is committed to working with you to reach a reasonable resolution that satisfies you; however, we can only do this if we know about and understand your issue. Therefore, for any problem or dispute that you may have with Total Wine, you acknowledge and agree that you will first give Total Wine an opportunity to resolve your problem or dispute. Accordingly, you and Total Wine agree that whenever you or Total Wine have a disagreement with the other arising out of, connected to, or in any way related to your use of the Sites, you and Total Wine will first send a written notice to the other party (a “
Demand
”). You and Total Wine agree that the requirements of this Dispute Resolution section will apply even to disagreements that may have arisen before you accepted these Terms & Conditions. You must send the Demand to the following address (the “
Notice Address
”): Total Wine & More, 6600 Rockledge Drive, Suite 150, Bethesda, MD 20817, Attn: Legal Department, Re: Customer Dispute. Total Wine must send the Demand to you via certified mail to the most recent address Total Wine has on file for you (or by email if Total Wine only has an email address for you on file). A Demand (1) shall seek to resolve a Dispute only on an individual basis; (2) shall state the full basis for the Dispute (including the details about the Dispute sufficient for the recipient to review and respond) and the date that the Dispute arose; (3) shall provide the individual claimant’s full name, phone number, and email address to confirm their identity and to aid communication; and (4) shall be personally signed by the individual claimant or for Total Wine by its authorized representative (and not only their counsel). Within twenty (20) business days of receipt of a Demand, the recipient may request an individualized video or telephone conference to attempt in good faith to resolve the Dispute which both you and Total Wine will personally attend (with counsel, if represented). You and Total Wine agree that you and Total Wine will not take any legal action, including filing a lawsuit or demanding arbitration, until after the period to request a conference expires or, if a conference is requested, twenty (20) business days after the individualized conference is completed. Compliance with this informal dispute resolution procedure section is mandatory and a condition precedent to initiating any lawsuit or arbitration. This procedure is essential to providing each of us a meaningful opportunity to resolve disputes informally. Any applicable limitation period and filing fee deadlines will be tolled while the parties engage in the process set forth above. A court of competent jurisdiction may enjoin the filing or prosecution of a lawsuit or arbitration if these requirements have not been met.
ARBITRATION PROCEDURE
If the disagreement stated in the Demand is not resolved to your or Total Wine’s satisfaction within ten (10) business days after the conference described above (or within ten (10) business days after the time when such a conference may be requested if no conference has been requested), and you intend on taking legal action, you agree that you will file a demand for arbitration with the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) to resolved any dispute you have with Total Wine. You and Total Wine agree that arbitration under this Agreement must be administered and adjudicated on an individual basis by AAA pursuant to its Consumer Arbitration Rules. If the arbitration results in an award, then judgment on the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. This clause shall not preclude parties from seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration from a court of appropriate jurisdiction. You and any of the Total Wine Entities, as applicable, agree to pay our own fees, costs, and expenses, including those for any attorneys, experts, and witnesses. The arbitrator, and not any federal, state, provincial, territorial or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve all disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, or formation of these Terms & Conditions, including, but not limited to, any claim that all or any part of these Terms & Conditions is void or voidable, except that a court of competent jurisdiction may enjoin the filing or prosecution of arbitration if the Pre-Arbitration Dispute Resolution requirements set forth above have not been met. Further, this clause shall not preclude parties from seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration from a court of appropriate jurisdiction.
The arbitration shall be held in the county in which you reside or at another mutually agreed location. If the value of the relief sought is $10,000 or less, either you or Total Wine may elect to have the arbitration conducted by telephone and/or video conference or based solely on written submissions, which election shall be binding on the other party subject to the arbitrator's discretion to require an in-person hearing if the circumstances warrant. Attendance at an in-person hearing may be made by telephone and/or video conference, unless the arbitrator requires otherwise. The arbitrator will decide the substance of all claims in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland, including recognized principles of equity, and will honor all claims of privilege recognized by law. An arbitrator may award on an individual basis only any relief authorized by these Terms & Conditions and applicable law. As a limited exception to the agreement to arbitrate, you and we agree that you may take claims to small claims court, if your claims qualify for hearing by such court.
CLASS ACTION WAIVER: You and Total Wine agree that each of us may bring claims against the other only on an individual basis and not as a plaintiff, claimant, or class member in any purported class or representative action or proceeding. Unless both you and Total Wine agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate or join more than one person's or party's claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a consolidated, representative, or class proceeding. Also, the arbitrator may award relief (including monetary, injunctive, and declaratory relief) only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief necessitated by that party's individual claim(s). Any relief awarded cannot affect any other person or party. You and Total Wine further agree that in the event this arbitration agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, the prohibitions on class and representative actions and non-individualized relief set forth in this paragraph are severable and shall apply to any claim between you and Total Wine in any forum. YOU ARE GIVING UP THE RIGHT TO COMMENCE OR PARTICIPATE IN CLASS AND REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS.
The arbitrator's award shall be confidential, final, and binding, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Payment of all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees will be governed by AAA’s rules.
Mass Arbitration
If your Notice of Dispute involves claims similar to those of at least 24 other customers, and if you and those other customers are represented by the same lawyers, or by lawyers who are coordinating with each other, you and we agree that these claims will be “Related Cases.” Related Cases will be governed by the AAA’s Mass Arbitration Supplementary Rules, as modified by these Terms. For more information, see https://www.adr.org/mass-arbitration or call 1-800-778-7879.
Related cases may only be filed in batches and those individual arbitrations will be resolved in the following manner:
Stage One
: Counsel for the claimants and counsel for Total Wine shall each select 15 claims per side (30 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process. Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing. Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process. After this initial set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge.
Stage Two
: If the remaining claims are not resolved at this time, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Total Wine shall each select 20 claims per side (40 claims total) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a second staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agreed to in writing. Each of these individual arbitrations shall be assigned to a different, single arbitrator unless the parties agree otherwise in writing. Any remaining claims shall not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process. After this second set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall promptly engage in a global mediation session of all remaining claims with a retired federal or state court judge.
A court has exclusive authority to enjoin the filing or prosecution of arbitrations that do not comply with this Section.
If your Claim is not resolved as part of the staged process identified above, either:
Option On
e: You and Total Wine may separately or by agreement, opt out of arbitration and elect to have your Claim heard in court consistent with these Terms & Conditions. You may opt out of arbitration by sending us your individual, personally signed notice of your intention to opt out by certified mail addressed to the Notice Address. Such an opt-out notice must include a statement, personally signed by you, that you wish to opt out of arbitration within 30 days after the conclusion of Stage Two or the elective mediation associated with Stage Two. Total Wine may opt your Claim out of arbitration by sending an individual, personally signed notice of our intention to opt out to your counsel within 14 days after the expiration of your 30-day opt-out period. Counsel for the parties may agree to adjust these deadlines.
OR
Option Two
: If neither you nor Total Wine elect to have your Claim heard in court consistent with Option One, then you agree that your Claim will be resolved as part of continuing, staged individual arbitration proceedings as set forth below. Assuming the number of remaining claims exceeds 100, then 100 claims shall be randomly selected (or selected through a process agreed to by counsel for the parties) to be filed and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged process. If the number of remaining claims is fewer than 100, then all of those claims will be filed and proceed in individual arbitrations. Any remaining claims will not be filed or be deemed filed in arbitration, nor will any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process. After each set of 100 claims are adjudicated, settled, withdrawn, or otherwise resolved, this process shall repeat consistent with these parameters. Counsel for the parties are encouraged to meet and confer, participate in mediation, and engage with each other and with AAA (including through a Procedural Arbitrator, as such term is used in the AAA Rules) to explore ways to streamline the adjudication of claims, increase the number of claims to proceed at any given time, promote efficiencies, conserve resources, and resolve the remaining claims.
A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce these provisions and, if necessary, to enjoin the mass arbitration, prosecution, or administration of arbitrations and the assessment of arbitration fees. If these additional procedures apply to your Claim, and a court of competent jurisdiction determines that they are not enforceable as to your Claim, then your Claim will proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with these Terms & Conditions.
You and Total Wine agree that each party values the integrity and efficiency of arbitration and wishes to employ the process for the fair resolution of genuine and sincere disputes between the parties. You and Total Wine acknowledge and agree to act in good faith to ensure the processes set forth herein are followed. The parties further agree that the application of these Mass Arbitration procedures has been reasonably designed to result in an efficient and fair adjudication of such cases. If any part of this Mass Arbitration provision is deemed to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal, or otherwise conflicts with the AAA rules, then the balance of this Mass Arbitration provision shall remain in effect and shall be construed in accordance with its terms as if the invalid, unenforceable, illegal or conflicting provision were not contained herein unless the lack of such provision would lead this Mass Arbitration provision to fail of its essential purpose. If the staging process of this Mass Arbitration provision is deemed to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal, or otherwise conflicts with the AAA rules, then the remaining claims shall be subject to Option One or Option Two above as selected by you or Total Wine. If the Mass Arbitration provisions apply to your claim, and a court of competent jurisdiction determines that the Mass Arbitration provisions are not enforceable as to your claim, then your claim will proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction on an individual basis (not a class or consolidated basis).WE BOTH AGREE THAT, WHETHER ANY CLAIM IS IN ARBITRATION OR IN COURT, YOU AND TOTAL WINE BOTH WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL INVOLVING ANY CLAIMS OR DISPUTES BETWEEN US.
Other
This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between us and you with respect to the subject matter contained in this agreement and supersedes all previous and contemporaneous agreements, proposals and communications, written oral. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use the products or services of a third party that are provided through the Site.
In the event of any conflict between any such third-party terms and conditions and these Terms & Conditions, these Terms & Conditions will govern.
Under no circumstances will we be held liable for any delay or failure in performance due in whole or in part to any acts of nature or other causes beyond our reasonable control.
If any provision of these Terms & Conditions is found to be unlawful or unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from these Terms & Conditions and will not affect the enforceability of any other provisions.
The failure by us to enforce any right or provision of these Terms & Conditions will not prevent us from enforcing such right or provision in the future.
We may assign our rights and obligations under these Terms & Conditions, including in connection with a merger, acquisition, sale of assets or equity, or by operation of law.
Contact Customer Care
+ 1 (855) 328-9463
Mon.-Sun.: 9 a.m. - 12 a.m. ET
Chat with us
Copyright ©
2026
Total Wine & More
Spirit sales where allowed by law
Connect with us
Get the App
Create Account
About Us
About Us
Our Company
Community Impact
Social Responsibility
Careers
For the Media
For the Trade
Store
Store
Store Locator
Classes & Events
Book Our Room
Gift Cards
Guides & Advice
Weddings
Total Wine Professional
Customer Service
Customer Service
Contact Us
Order Status
Total Convenience
Store Pickup
Delivery
Shipping
Returns
General FAQ
Rewards Program
Request Missing Points
Priority Access
Terms & Conditions
|
Privacy Policy
|
Do Not Sell or Share My Info
|
Sitemap
|
Accessibility Policy
|
Visit ID:
590 874 962
|
Your Privacy Choices
PRIVACY AND COOKIE SETTING
This website uses cookies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our advertising and analytics partners. By clicking the “X” button you authorize the use of all cookies described in our
Cookie Policy
.   Once you set cookie preferences, you may set or change them at any time by clicking on the “Your Privacy Choices” button in the bottom footer of this website. By exercising any of these options, you acknowledge and agree to our
Privacy Policy
/
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Settings
Cookie Details
“Cookies” are small text files stored on your computer or device when you visit this website or our mobile app.  There are four types of cookies used on this Site.  You cannot opt-out of the first type of cookie called “Strictly Necessary Cookies”.  Those are always active to ensure the integrity and proper functionality of our website (such as prompting the cookie banner and remembering your settings, to log into your personal account, to redirect you when you log out, etc.).  You can control or opt-out of three other types of cookies -- “functional cookies”, “performance and analytics cookies”, and “marketing and advertising cookies” – using the features and buttons below.
To learn more about each type of cookie before making you selection, please click any of the four “+” symbols next to each cookie type below the header
“Manage Consent Preferences”
.  When you click on the “+” symbol next to each cookie classification, the box will expand with text explaining each cookie classification’s basic purpose.  To disable any of the three cookie settings, you may click on the blue toggle switch next to each cookie description.  The button will change color from blue (activate) to grey (deactivate) confirming your selection.  This allows you flexibility to customize your choices.
If you do not wish to disable any of the three optional cookie settings on our Site, you may simply click on the box at the bottom of this box the button labeled “Confirm My Choices”.  If you prefer to disable all three optional cookies, you may simply click on the box labeled “Necessary Only.”  This will automatically disable the three optional cookies.
Manage Consent Preferences
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
These cookies are necessary to enable you to move around the Site and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Site. Without these cookies, services you have asked for, such as logging into your account and using a shopping cart, cannot be provided. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but then some parts of the site will not work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. For your security and the security of our Site, we do not allow these cookies to be deactivated.
Functional Cookies
Functional Cookies
These cookies allow our Site to remember choices you make and provide enhanced, more personal or customized features. For instance, the Site needs to remember your login anonymized details, so that you do not have to repeatedly sign into your account when using a particular device to access our Site. The information these cookies collect is anonymized. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. They do not gather any information about you that could be used for advertising or to remember where you have been on the Internet.
Performance & Analytics Cookies
Performance & Analytics Cookies
These cookies collect information about how many visitors come to our Site, how visitors use our Site, and how we can optimize our site based upon, for instance, which pages visitors use most often and if they encounter error messages from certain web pages. We use third parties to assist us in analyzing this data. These cookies do not collect information that identifies a visitor, as all information these cookies collect is aggregated and anonymized.
Marketing & Advertising Cookies
Marketing & Advertising Cookies
Our Sites use cookies and pixels that may be used by third parties to build a profile of your interests and enable us to show you relevant advertisements on other sites. These cookies and pixels may also enable you to share pages and content you find interesting on our Sites through third-party social networking and other websites. The cookies and pixels do not store Personal Information directly; instead, they use and/or capture unique identifying features of your browser and Internet device. If you do not allow these cookies and pixels, you will experience less targeted advertising and may be unable to share pages or content you find interesting through third-party social networking sites.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Necessary Only
Confirm My Choices