Tractor Supply Co. Terms and Conditions of Use
A. Use of the Site
B. Products Offered by Tractor Supply Company
C. Placing Orders on the Site
D. Smart Supply
E. Tractor Supply Company Return Policy
F. Contact Tractor Supply
G. Contact Tractor Supply Credit Card Customer Service
H. Contact Tractor Supply Gift Card Customer Service
I. Miscellaneous

Last Updated: February 19, 2026

Welcome to Tractor Supply Company. These Terms and Conditions of Use ( collectively “Terms”) apply to your access to and use of (a) the website located at www.tractorsupply.com and all associated web pages, websites and corresponding social media pages of the Tractor Supply Company, its affiliated and subsidiary companies (collectively "Tractor Supply", we”, “us”  or “our”), and (b) any web pages, websites, mobile apps, mobile sales tools and devices used by Tractor Supply representatives, corresponding social media pages, materials, or other documents (including all content therein) that directly reference these Terms (collectively, the “Site”).  Tractor Supply provides Site-based services and information to you subject to these Terms.

NOTICE OF ARBITRATION AGREEMENT

THESE TERMS CONTAIN A BINDING ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER. IT REQUIRES THAT DISPUTES BE RESOLVED BY ARBITRATION, RATHER THAN CLASS ACTION LAWSUITS OR JURY TRIALS (EXCEPT FOR MATTERS THAT MAY BE TAKEN TO SMALL CLAIMS COURT). PLEASE SEE THE SECTION H.3 IN THE SECTION ENTITLED “MISCELLANEOUS” H.3 FOR MORE INFORMATION.

Tractor Supply encourages you to read carefully these Terms and our Privacy Policy before using or registering on the Site. These Terms apply to your access to and use of this Site. These Terms describe the legal relationship between you (an individual, representing yourself, or if applicable, acting as legal representative for a company or other legal entity) (" you" or "your") and Tractor Supply.  By accessing, browsing and/or otherwise using the Site, you, your agents and authorized representatives agree to follow and be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, do not access the Site.

Although Tractor Supply may attempt to notify you when some changes are made to these Terms, we may modify these Terms at any time and from time to time in our sole discretion without notice to you. You should periodically review these Terms carefully in order to make sure that you are aware of the most current terms and conditions for the use of the Site because any use or viewing of the Site by you after any change to these Terms, whether or not you have reviewed the amended Terms, constitutes your acceptance of these Terms as changed. These Terms as amended from time to time shall remain in full force and effect anytime you use or access the Tractor Supply Site.

You must be at least 18 years of age to use the Site and related services. By accessing, browsing, or otherwise using the Site, you certify that you are at least 18 years old. If you are under the age of 18, you may use the Site only with the supervision and consent of a parent or legal guardian, who agrees to be bound by these Terms and Tractor Supply's Privacy and Security Policy and is responsible for your conduct. Misrepresenting your age constitutes a violation of these Terms.

A. Use of the Site (top)

1. General

This Site may contain certain proprietary notices and intellectual property information, the terms of which must be observed. Information on the Site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information, including store-based pricing, advertising and marketing materials, product pricing and availability, may be changed or updated at Tractor Supply's discretion without notice.

By using the Site, You agree to transact electronically through the Site. You agree that Your electronic signature is the legal equivalent of Your manual signature. You further agree that Your use of a keypad, mouse, or other device to select an item, button, icon, or similar act/action, constitutes Your signature as if actually signed by You in writing. You also agree that no certification authority or other third-party verification is necessary to validate Your electronic signature, and the lack of such certification or third-party verification will not in any way affect the enforceability of Your electronic signature.

By using the Site, You expressly agree to TSC’s use of third-party service providers to collect and use information related to Your use of the Site, including the collection and use of click-stream data, video watching history, and similar types of use and navigation interactions You have on the Site or use of the Site.

By providing Your telephone number, You are providing express written consent to receive communications from TSC, (including its affiliates, agents, service providers, and affiliates for the purposes of defined above) for any purpose, including but not limited to marketing various services from both TSC and companies TSC has joint marketing agreements with. Additionally, You agree to receive communications from TSC regarding Your any service, and any information You may have obtained via Your use of a Website. You agree that these communications include, but are not limited to, the use of an Automated Telephone Dialing System, prerecorded and/or artificial voice, SMS, MMS, text, fax, email or other similar means, regardless of whether Your phone number is registered on a state or federal Do Not Call list. You agree that TSC is not responsible for any charges to You regarding these communications. Standard voice and data rates may apply. Further, You understand that You do not need to provide this consent to call as a condition to receive any good or service, in which case You will not provide Your phone number. By consenting to receive communications, you represent that you are at least 18 years of age, or that you are under 18 and your parent or legal guardian has consented to your receipt of such communications and is responsible for your use of the Site.

What are Tractor Supply Order Alerts? Tractor supply lets customers (a) opt-in to receive text message notifications from 86264 about their purchase(s) from Tractorsupply.com, or (b) opt in to receive a payment link with reminders and order status update messages from 12084445008 sent to your mobile device by your interaction with mobile sales tools and devices used by Tractor Supply representatives. You can opt-in to receive these notifications from checkout or from your profile.

Is it free? Messages and data rates may apply. Depending on your text plan, you may be charged by your carrier. Message frequency varies.

What if I don't want to receive any further notification messages? Text STOP to 86264 and 12084445008 to no longer receive alerts. After doing so you may receive an opt-out confirmation, and then will no longer receive any texts from Tractor Supply.

What if I want more info? Text HELP to 86264 or 12084445008 for more information or contact Tractor Supply at 1-877-718-6750.

Commands
STOP: At any time you can text STOP to 86264 and 12084445008. This will prevent you from receiving any future texts from Tractor Supply.
HELP: At any time, you can text HELP to 86264 or 12084445008. Texting HELP will return the following message: "TSC: For assistance, please call 1-877-718-6750. Reply 'STOP' to Cancel. Message & Data Rates May Apply"

All the above categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties.

2. Information You Submit.

All information you submit to us shall be true, accurate and complete. By submitting any information, you represent and warrant that all details are true and accurate, including your confirmation that you are at least 18 years of age or that you are using the Site under appropriate parental or guardian supervision. No information or material provided to Tractor Supply by you, or an agent working on your behalf, may (i) contain vulgar, obscene, threatening, or otherwise unlawful language or material; (ii) reasonably under the circumstances might be deemed threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, vulgar, hateful, or racially, ethnically, or otherwise offensive or discriminatory; (iii) be tortuous, defamatory, libelous, invasive of another person's privacy, or violate another person's publicity rights; (iv) bear any false, disguised, or misleading origin; or (v) be confidential and you do not have a right to disclose. By sending content, information or material, you grant Tractor Supply an unrestricted, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit, and/or distribute materials or information, and you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to such information or materials and that Tractor Supply is free to use ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send us without any compensation or acknowledgment.

3. Conduct.

As a condition of use of the Site, you represent and warrant that you shall not use the Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms. You agree to abide by all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations and you shall be solely responsible and liable for all acts or omissions that occur while you access the Site. By ways of example, and not as a limitation, you agree:

• Not to transmit or upload any material to the Site that contains viruses, horses, worms, time bombs, or any other harmful or deleterious programs;
• Not to interfere with or disrupt the Site networks or servers;
• Not to delete any legal notices, disclaimers or proprietary notices
• Not to misrepresent your identity or credit information;
• Not to attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Site, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Site, through password misuse, mining or any other means; and
• Not to interfere with Tractor Supply or another authorized party's use and enjoyment of the Site.

4. Links to Other Web Sites.

This Site may contain links to other websites to help customers learn more about the products available at Tractor Supply. Tractor Supply is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Tractor Supply of the subject website or any association with its operators. Tractor Supply does not have control over, and is in no manner responsible or liable for, the availability, accuracy and content of the websites to which this Site is linked. Tractor Supply makes no representations whatsoever about any other site you may access through this Site. Any concerns regarding any product or service offered by a website to which this Site is linked or the link itself should be directed to the operator of that specific website and not to Tractor Supply.

5. Monitoring of Site.

Tractor Supply has no obligation to monitor use of the Site or retain the content of any of the sessions on the Site. However, Tractor Supply reserves the right at all times to monitor, review, retain and/or disclose any information necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, governmental request or the business needs of Tractor Supply.

6. Copyright and Intellectual Property Ownership.

Tractor Supply is the sole and exclusive owner of all intellectual property rights in and to all aspects of the Site including, without limitation, any related patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trade names, trademarks, service marks, goodwill, moral rights, and any other intellectual property or proprietary rights or intangible assets recognized under any laws or international conventions. Tractor Supply may modify, disable, or delete the Site, its functions and/or Site content at any time and for any reason without prior notice.  Tractor Supply grants no rights to you hereunder other than as expressly set forth herein. The Site and all materials and information published thereon are protected by U.S. and foreign copyright and other intellectual property laws. You agree to protect the proprietary rights of Tractor Supply and to comply with all reasonable written requests made by Tractor Supply or its third party licensors to protect their and others' rights in the Site and materials and content made available on or through the Site.

7. Limited License to Use Materials Provided on the Site.

Tractor Supply grants you a limited license to use the materials made available on the Site only for your personal use. The materials on the Site shall not be used for any commercial purposes whatsoever. You acknowledge that any copies or derivative works created from the materials on the Site shall be the sole and exclusive property of Tractor Supply. Tractor Supply, in its sole discretion, may revoke this license at any time without prior notice to you and without liability.

8. Right to Download.

You may only download content displayed on the Site for non-commercial, personal use provided you also retain all copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices, symbols and/or indicating marks contained in the material, do not modify or alter the material and do not copy or post the material on any network computer or broadcast the material in any media.

9. Copyright Infringement Notice.

Pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, §512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement must be sent to Tractor Supply's Designated Agent. Tractor Supply's Designated Agent email is: ecomops@tractorsupply.com.

10. Termination of Use.

Tractor Supply may, in its sole discretion, terminate your account or your use of the Site at anytime without liability. You are personally liable for any orders that you place or charges that you incur prior to termination.  Sections A.2 (Information You Submit), A.6 (Copyright and Intellectual Property Ownership), A.7 (Limited License to Use Materials Provided on the Site), A.11 (Disclaimer), A.12 (Limitation of Liability), A.13 (Indemnification) and H (Miscellaneous) shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.

11. Disclaimer.

You assume all responsibility and risk for the use of this Site and the Internet generally. This Site is provided by Tractor Supply on an " AS IS" basis. Tractor Supply makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this Site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this Site, to the fullest extent permissible by applicable law. Tractor Supply disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights, and freedom from errors, viruses, bugs, or other harmful components.

12. Limitation of Liability.

IN NO EVENT SHALL TRACTOR SUPPLY OR ANY OF ITS RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, LOSSES OR CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING FROM OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE SITE, YOUR USE OF THE SITE, OR ITEMS, PRODUCTS SOLD THROUGH THE SITE OR OMISSIONS IN THE CONTENT THEREOF, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF REVENUE, OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS, OR LOST BUSINESS, SALES OR ANY OTHER TYPE OF DAMAGE, TANGIBLE OR INTANGIBLE IN NATURE, EVEN IF TRACTOR SUPPLY OR ITS RESPECTIVE REPRESENTATIVES OR SUCH INDIVIDUALS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

IF, NOTWITHSTANDING THE OTHER PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS, TRACTOR SUPPLY IS FOUND TO BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DAMAGE OR LOSS WHICH ARISES OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR ANY ITEMS SOLD THROUGH OR THE SITE OR SERVICES PROVIDED OR MADE AVAILABLE IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE, TRACTOR SUPPLY'S LIABILITY SHALL IN NO EVENT EXCEED THE GREATER OF (A) THE TOTAL OF THE ORDERS PLACED BY YOU THROUGH THE SITES IN THE SIX (6) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE DATE OF THE INITIAL CLAIM MADE AGAINST TRACTOR SUPPLY, OR (B) $1,000.00.

BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, IN SUCH STATES LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. ALL TRIALS BY JURY AND ANY LIABILITY OF TRACTOR SUPPLY FOR INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARE WAIVED. IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF NEW JERSEY, TO THE EXTENT NEW JERSEY LAW PROHIBITS THE LIMITATIONS, DISCLAIMERS AND/OR EXCLUSIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS, SUCH LIMITATIONS, DISCLAIMERS AND/OR EXCLUSIONS SHALL NOT APPLY TO YOU.

13. Indemnification.

You shall indemnify, defend and hold Tractor Supply and its officers, directors, employees, shareholders, members or agents harmless from all damages, liabilities and expenses (and all legal costs including attorneys' fees, court costs, expenses and settlements resulting from any action or claim) arising out of, connected with or resulting from any violation of these Terms by you or your use of the Site or information provided by you to the Site.

14. Employment.

Tractor Supply makes employment and related information available through this Site. Tractor Supply is an equal opportunity employer. Tractor Supply provides equal employment opportunities to qualified persons without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, veteran status, or disability.

B. Products Offered by Tractor Supply Company. (top)

1. Information.

Unless indicated otherwise, most products and services featured on the Site are available directly from or through Tractor Supply. Tractor Supply has made a conscientious effort to display and describe its products and services on the Site accurately so that you can get a good idea of their design and use, and of the services offered. Furthermore, Tractor Supply is constantly improving its products, product information and services.

2. Warranties.

Most products and product options displayed on the Site are available, but in some cases, certain products, product options or other merchandise displayed for sale on the Site may not be immediately available for order. Further product details, including specifications, images, colors, prices and features thereof, may not be an accurate representation of the actual product. All configurations and information generated on the Site are subject to change without notice. Tractor Supply reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. All information of any sort related to the products offered on the Site should be independently confirmed and verified by you when you place your order with an authorized Tractor Supply representative or agent.

WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, THE USER SHOULD NOT RELY ON ANY DIMENSION, SPECIFICATION OR INSTALLATION INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE SITE, AS SUCH INFORMATION MAY BE INACCURATE, INCOMPLETE, OUTDATED AND/OR NOT APPLICABLE TO YOUR PARTICULAR SITUATION. TRACTOR SUPPLY SHALL HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OF ANY SUCH INFORMATION, AND YOU, THE USER, ASSUME THE SOLE RISK OF ANY USE AND/OR RELIANCE THEREON.

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ANY ITEMS ADVERTISED ON THE SITE AND/OR SOLD BY TRACTOR SUPPLY ARE ACCEPTED "AS IS, WHERE IS, AND WITH ALL FAULTS." TRACTOR SUPPLY MAKES NO (AND TRACTOR SUPPLY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY) EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION OF ANY KIND OR NATURE WHATSOEVER OTHER THAN TITLE WITH RESPECT TO THE ITEM INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTY THAT THE ITEM IS MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NONINFRINGING. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, TRACTOR SUPPLY DISCLAIMS AND YOU HEREBY WAIVE, ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR LIABILITIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO (i) ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY ARISING FROM A COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE (ii) ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE CONDITION, DESIGN SUITABILITY, OPERATION, QUALITY OF WORKMANSHIP OR MATERIALS, OR HISTORY OR LEVEL OF USE, MAINTENANCE, SERVICE OR REPAIR, OF THE ITEM, OR (iii) ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE USE, CONDITION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE ABSENCE THEREFROM OF LATENT, INHERENT OR OTHER DEFECTS, WHETHER OR NOT DISCOVERABLE), QUALITY, DESCRIPTION OR SPECIFICATIONS OF THE ITEM.

TO THE EXTENT NEW JERSEY LAW PROHIBITS THE WARRANTY LIMITATIONS, DISCLAIMERS AND/OR EXCLUSIONS SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS, SUCH LIMITATIONS, DISCLAIMERS AND/OR EXCLUSIONS SHALL NOT APPLY TO YOU.

3. Manufacturer's Warranty.

Products and services are the responsibility of the manufacturer or provider of those services and are covered by the warranties offered by such manufacturers or service providers. Please reference the warranty information included with the products or services for information on how to make contact to process all warranty claims. For information on manufacturer's warranties, please contact the Customer Solutions Center as provided in Section F.

4. OSHA Hazardous Substance.

Safety Data Sheets (SDS) for OSHA-defined hazardous substances are prepared and supplied by manufacturers and available by contacting  Verisk 3E at 800-451-8346. While Tractor Supply believes the information and recommendations contained on the SDS to be accurate, Tractor Supply makes no warranties with respect to the accuracy of the information or the suitability of the recommendations. You are solely responsible for any reliance on or use of any information, and for use or application of any product. Tractor Supply disclaims any and all liability to any user.

5. Power Plus Purchase Protection Plus Plan.

Tractor Supply offers, through a third party organization, an extended product protection plan. You may choose to purchase 1, 2, 3 and 4-year service and replacement plans on select products sold by Tractor Supply. For more information inquire within your local store, call a Power Plus Customer Service Representative at 1-866-765-2687 (24/7 – 365 days a year) or contact The Tractor Supply Customer Solutions Center. Claims for products purchased with the Power Plus Protection Plus plan may be filed by calling 1-866-765-2687.

6. Product Ratings & Reviews.

The Tractor Supply Ratings and Reviews feature allows you to rate products (using a 1-5 star system) and/or write a product review based on your personal experience with that product. Reviews and Ratings are screened and filtered for profanity, violence, illegal activities or inappropriate material. Approved product ratings and reviews are posted on the product detail page of the product it is referencing. Product ratings and reviews should be made only by individuals who have actual experience with the product. Tractor Supply employees, contractors, vendors, board members, investors and any other individual with a vested interest in Tractor Supply are strongly discouraged from submissions. Approved ratings and reviews will remain visible on the Site product page as long as the product is presented online. Tractor Supply does not endorse any ratings provided on the Site. For more information about product reviews and ratings, please Click here to be directed to the Customer Solutions page.

C. Placing Orders on the Site. (top)

You may place an order for the purchase of merchandise on this Site. All purchases are subject to the Terms and Conditions of Use, including the following:

1. Order Limitations.

Receiving a web order confirmation via e-mail or an online ordering confirmation does not guarantee the acceptance of an order by Tractor Supply. Tractor Supply may, at its own discretion, limit or cancel items or quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. Tractor Supply also reserves the right to reject any order you place with us. These restrictions may include orders placed by the same Site account, the same credit card, and orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event we make a change to an order, we will attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail, phone and/or billing address provided at the time the order was made. Tractor Supply reserves the right to limit or prohibit sales to dealers. Tractor Supply reserves the right to discontinue the sale of any product listed on the Site at any time without notice. You acknowledge that there may be a period of time after an order has been submitted where the ordered product becomes unavailable. If a product is not in stock or is otherwise unavailable for shipment following completion of the ordering process, you will be contacted to discuss the cancellation of your order under such circumstances; you agree that we may cancel your order before or after completion of the order process. Rarely, you may receive a shipping confirmation from us, but the product is no longer available. You agree that we may rescind our acceptance and cancel your order without penalty if we are unable to ship the product you ordered due to unavailability. In the event that Tractor Supply cancels an order after a shipping confirmation has been sent to you, Tractor Supply will refund all fees paid by you for the canceled products.

2. Ship-To-Store Order.

A Ship-To-Store order is shipped from our E-Commerce Fulfillment Centers to any Tractor Supply store for pick-up by the customer or a customer designee. Orders ship from our E-Commerce Fulfillment Centers within 2 business days of the order confirmation; however, such shipping times are projected estimates and are in no way guaranteed. An adult (18 years of age or older) designated on your order as the pickup person must be the person picking up the order. Orders not claimed within 45 days will be canceled and a credit will be issued to the original tender type (see applicable section for refund policies and procedures).

3. Photo ID.

We require your signature and a government issued photo ID to pick up any Ship-To-Store order.

4. Restocking Fee.

Tractor Supply reserves the right to charge up to a 10% restocking fee for any Ship-To-Store order unclaimed after 45 days of the order date or any oversize, freight delivered order returned for convenience.

5. Product Substitution.

Products (and country of origin) may be substituted and may not always exactly match catalog descriptions and/or images.

6. Availability.

Certain products may not be available for sale in all areas. Please Product Suitability below.

7. Terms of Sale.

Tractor Supply's acceptance of any order is subject to your assent to all of the terms and conditions set forth in these Terms. No addition or modification of these Terms shall be binding upon Tractor Supply unless agreed to by Tractor Supply in writing. If a purchase order or other correspondence contains terms or conditions contrary to these Terms or any terms and conditions contained in Tractor Supply's acknowledgment, Tractor Supply's acceptance of any order shall not be construed as assent to any additional terms and conditions, nor will that constitute a waiver by Tractor Supply of any of the terms and conditions contained in Tractor Supply's acknowledgment.

8. Product Suitability.

Many states and localities have codes and regulations governing sales, construction, installation, and/or use of products for certain purposes, which may vary from those in neighboring areas. While Tractor Supply attempts to ensure that its products comply with such codes, it cannot guarantee compliance (whether purchases are made at the Store or on this Site), and cannot be responsible for how the product is installed or used. Before purchase and use of a product, please review the product application, national and local codes and regulations to be sure that the product, installation and use will comply with them.

9. Materials of Trade.

You represent that if you are purchasing goods as their "materials of trade" as defined in the Hazardous Materials Regulations in Title 49 of the Code of Federal Regulations, that the goods will be used in direct support of your business, which is not transportation, and that such goods shall not be resold or transported in a vehicle other than one owned by the Customer.

10. Shipping ORM-D Material/Products.

A package labeled as ORM-D material is defined as a material, such as a consumer commodity, which presents a limited hazard during transportation due to its form, quantity and packaging. ORM-D specified material/products must be shipped via ground transportation. Packages containing ORM-D material/products will be clearly identified with an external "blue" ORM-D circular label and at least 2 directional labels. If you need to return a product in an order whose package was labeled with an ORM-D blue label and directional arrows you must contact the Customer Solutions Center at 1-877-718- 6750 or Click here to be directed to the Customer Solutions page prior to returning the items for additional instructions. Shipping of ORM-D Material/Products is regulated by the Department of Transportation (DOT).

11. Shipping via Common Carrier Freight Truck (LTL).

Orders weighing more than 100 lb. or having combined dimensions (LxWxH) that exceed 169 inches cannot be shipped via a small package freight carrier. Orders meeting or exceeding these criteria will be converted to ship over the road via a common carrier freight trailer truck. An adult, 18 years of age or older, must be present to inspect and sign for delivery of the order.

12. Pricing.

Product prices offered on this Site may vary from other advertised prices due to varying conditions in different geographic markets and areas. Prices may and will vary between the Site and Tractor Supply stores and the prices are not guaranteed to be matched at the time of purchase. The prices displayed on the Site are quoted in U.S. dollars and are valid and effective only within the United States. Tractor Supply does not guarantee or provide any warranty regarding the stability or accuracy of any currency exchange rates. Prices shown on the Site do not include any shipping and handling or sales taxes, and if applicable to the order, will be added to your total invoice price. You are responsible for the payment of any shipping and handling charges and state and local sales or use taxes that may apply to your order.

13. Best Price Guarantee.

Tractor Supply will match any competitor's online or in-store price on any identical item, including matching Tractorsupply.com prices inside our Stores, except the following:

Products shipped from or sold by third-party or Marketplace sellers on websites (examples: EBay, Amazon Marketplace)
Competitor pricing on used, refurbished or preowned versions of our items
Competitor pricing on close-outs or liquidations
Competitor subscribe-and-save pricing
Competitor bundle offers, instant rebates, mail-in offers, shipping offers, or offers that include or depend upon financing
Competitors' advertising errors
Special Orders
Clearance items
Purchases made more than 30 days prior
TSC Services (Power Plus, Delivery, Trailer Rental, Pet Wash)
The price must be valid at the time of the price match. No rainchecks will be issued, item must be in stock. See a Tractor Supply team member or contact the Customer Solutions Center for details.

 

14. Sales Tax Policy.

Because Tractor Supply does business throughout the United States and collects and remits sales tax as required by law, the Site also collects and remits sales tax as appropriate. If you have tax- exempt status, please visit any of our Tractor Supply stores or contact us in any manner specified in Section F. At this time, tax-exempt sales (for individuals or products) are not available on this Site or by any of the Tractor Supply customer solutions functions. The only means of tax-exempt sales is for you to visit your local Tractor Supply store and complete the tax-exempt forms available at checkout.

15. Paying for Your Order

You may pay for your orders with a Tractor Supply consumer credit card or with the following major credit cards issued in the United States of America. Currently, Tractor Supply accepts Visa®, MasterCard®, American Express®, Discover® Card, Tractor Supply Personal Credit Card, Tractor Supply Business Credit Card, Tractor Supply Gift Cards, and PayPal®. Credit cards are not charged until the order is shipped. Gift Cards are charged at the time the order is submitted and are refunded via bank check from Tractor Supply in the event of an item or order cancellation or return. When an order is submitted, Tractor Supply may pre-authorize your order amount with your credit card provider at the time you place the order, which may have an effect on your available credit line. Please contact your credit card provider for more information. Also, please note that the total purchase price of your order will be reserved on your credit card at the time your order is placed and could remain reserved for a total of up to 7 business days (depending on your banking institution's policies), even if your order is canceled.

16. Online Promotions and Coupons

Online promotions and coupons, except those which explicitly state they are for online-only, are valid in-store and online, during the dates specified. Some promotions or coupons are valid ONLY on tractorsupply.com while others are valid on tractorsupply.com and in TSC stores. Please read the promotion or coupon details carefully for terms of use. Limit one coupon and transaction per person. Not valid with any other coupons, discounts, volume discounts or special orders. Do not apply to past purchases, tax, shipping, or Online Parts Store. Offers do not include Power Plus Plans, TSC gift cards, delivery services, Hustler, Bad Boy, Jonsered, Generac Home Standby Generators, Champion Home Standby Generators, Ariat, Justin, Justin Original Work, Lucchese, Nocona, Tony Lama, Chippewa,  American Sportworks, Ruffwear, Petsafe, or SportDOG products. Enter promo code in shopping cart to receive discount for online purchases. Other exclusions may apply to any promotion or coupon. See coupon for details.

17. Using Gift Cards.

Gift Cards, unlike credit cards, are debited at the time an order is placed. Gift Cards will automatically be redeemed to purchase totals up to the total purchase amount (including tax and shipping). In the event the total purchase amount exceeds the value of the Gift Card, you will be required to use a credit card to pay the difference. Any amount charged to a credit card will be treated as set forth above. In the event of a return (complete or partial) of an order using a Gift Card, the returned amount will first be credited to the credit card and any remaining amount will be provided to you via check sent from Tractor Supply. Processing times for return checks typically take a minimum of 7-10 business days. Tractor Supply may, for gift card services, use a third party service provider whose terms and conditions and privacy policy may also apply.

18. Shipping.

Online orders may be shipped to your home or to a Tractor Supply store for customer pick-up. Orders ship on normal business days, which are Monday through Friday, excluding government recognized holidays. Weekend shipment of orders is not currently available. For our Express service (e. g. 2-Day or next business day arrival), your order must be completed before Noon Central Time Monday through Friday in order for it to ship the same day (subject to available inventory). Express service is not available for Ship-to-Store orders at this time. Items not allowed by law to be shipped by air freight will automatically be converted to standard shipping for delivery. Orders requesting standard shipping methods and Ship-To-Store orders will typically ship within 2 business days. Orders usually arrive at the "ship to" destination within 5-7 business days. Actual shipping time for standard service is based on final destination.

The Standard Shipping option includes the use of the UPS SurePost shipping method. Standard shipping of most packages whose total weight is equal to or less than 10 lbs. and less than 130 inches in length, width and height combined will be shipped via UPS SurePost shipping method. With UPS SurePost standard shipping, your order is delivered by UPS to the closest United States Postal Service (USPS) Center of the ship to address and delivered to the final shipping address destination via the United States Postal Service (USPS). In cases where UPS SurePost is used to ship your order, the UPS tracking number will continue to provide tracking details from the United States Postal Service (USPS) Center drop-off location to the final "ship to" destination. UPS SurePost packages will be delivered to the door of the ship to address in most cases, but can also be delivered in the mailbox of the ship to location.

The Ship-To-Store delivery method ships orders to a Tractor Supply store chosen by the customer for pick-up at the store. Ship-To-Store orders are usually available to pickup within 5 to 7 days of receiving the order confirmation. Orders not picked up or claimed within 45 days of the order date will be automatically returned. A credit for the order total, less a 10% restocking fee in some cases, will be issued to the credit card originally used to place the order, or a company issued bank check for gift card order is given. A government issued photo ID is required to pick- up the order. The person picking up the order must match the name of the person designated to pick up the order when the order was placed.

Tractor Supply offers shipping to all United States addresses excluding Alaska and Hawaii. We do not currently ship orders outside the United States. We do not ship orders to APO/FPO addresses or P.O. boxes. TSC does not offer gift packaging. Order information such as a billing or shipping address that is inaccurate or incomplete may result in delays. Products cannot be shipped to incomplete addresses. Tractor Supply is not liable for late or lost deliveries. Subject to our Return Policy, please contact the carrier to resolve any credit or adjustments related to delivery failures or delays. Except in cases where the return is the result of an order processing error or the item arrives damaged or defective, original shipping charges are non-refundable and return shipping fees are the responsibility of the customer. Please report items that are damaged or missing within 10 days of delivery.

Shipping costs are calculated based on the actual weight, dimensions and destination of your order.
We use shipping tables provided by UPS, USPS and our over-the-road common freight carrier partners to calculate the shipping cost charged to your order. Your order will be shipped from our online fulfillment warehouse located in Franklin, KY or any one of our Drop Ship Vendor Partner locations. The final shipping cost is calculated during the checkout process, once the shipping destination is entered.

19. Truck Deliveries

For orders shipping via "over the road" common freight carrier, a person (18 years of age or older) must be present to accept and sign for the delivery. Items delivered via common freight carrier will be delivered to the residence or business on a ground level to an exterior threshold only.

20. Risk of Loss

All items and products purchased from this Site are made pursuant to a shipment contract provided by a small package delivery carrier or common carrier for LTL shipments NOTE: The risk of loss and title for all products passes to the customer upon Tractor Supply's delivery to the carrier, whether Tractor Supply pays for the freight charges or the freight charges are paid for by the customer. All claims for lost or damaged shipments should be directed to the appropriate shipment carrier initially, subject to the return policy in Section D below.

21. Order Status.

It's easy to check your order status on-line. You can track your order once it has shipped by visiting your online account. Orders shipping via over the road common carrier will only display the tracking number in your online account, since deliveries are actually scheduled with the customer. For every order that includes your actual e-mail address, Tractor Supply will send a shipping confirmation e-mail with an order tracking number included. If there is a problem with your order, please contact us using the contact information in Section F, so we can promptly resolve the issue.

22. No Assignment.

Rights and privileges under these Terms may not be assigned and obligations under these Terms may not be delegated without the prior written consent of Tractor Supply. Any actual or attempted assignment without Tractor Supply's prior written consent shall entitle Tractor Supply to cancel such order upon notice to customer.

Tractor Supply may assign its rights and obligations under these Terms, without notice, to: (a) any affiliate of Tractor Supply; or (b) any party or its affiliate acquiring all or substantially all of the assets or stock by merger or otherwise of Tractor Supply or any affiliate of Tractor Supply.

23. Compliance with Import/Export Laws.

Items purchased pursuant to these Terms may not be exported, re-exported, or transferred outside the United States or to any foreign persons for commercial purposes unless under full compliance with any law or directive of the United States or the United Nations Security Council, including without limitation, the Trading With the Enemy Act, 50 Section 2401 et seq.; the Export Administration Regulations, 15 C.F.R. Section 768 et seq.; the Arms Export Control Act of 1976, 22 U.S.C. Section 2751 et seq.; and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, 22 C.F.R. 120-128 and 130 promulgated there under; nor shall You violate or permit the violation of such laws. You further represent, warrant, and covenant that any necessary United States Government export license or other authorization has or will be obtained before exporting, re-exporting, or transferring the items under these Terms outside the United States or to any foreign persons for commercial purposes. You acknowledge that exporting, re- exporting, or transferring the items under these Terms to foreign persons for commercial purposes is subject to the above regulations regardless if the export occurs in the United States or abroad. You shall defend, indemnify and hold Tractor Supply harmless to the full extent of any claims, demands, losses, damages, cost, lost profits, fines, penalties, attorneys' and other professional fees and court costs, and all other expenses arising from your failure to comply with this clause, or the stated statutes and regulations, as they exist now or may be amended from time to time.

D. Smart Supply (top)

By signing up for a Tractor Supply Company subscription, you agree to accept these terms and conditions ("Terms") for our subscription program (“Smart Supply”). Please note that your use of the Tractor Supply Company website or mobile app is also governed by our Terms and Conditions, which include an arbitration agreement, and Privacy Policy as well as all other applicable terms, conditions, limitations and requirements on the Tractor Supply Company website, all of which (as changed over time) are incorporated into these Terms. By placing an order and enrolling in Smart Supply, you accept these terms, conditions, limitations and requirements. The Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Tractor Supply Company relating to our Smart Supply program. Please read these Terms carefully.

Benefits

When you purchase product(s) on Tractor Supply Company and enroll in our Smart Supply program, you are signing up for continuous shipments of such products and may select how often you would like your product(s) delivered to you. You may change your periodic delivery schedule at any time (including on a one-time basis), as well as your shipping address, payment method, and products included in the program. Additionally, when you purchase certain products designated as Smart Supply eligible, and enroll in the Smart Supply program for such products, you will save an additional percentage.

Tractor Supply Company reserves the right to change Smart Supply benefits at any time in its sole discretion, including discount amounts and eligibility used to determine discount amounts; provided, however, Tractor Supply Company will not change the price of your next shipment once you have authorized an order as set forth in these Terms. Some of the offer details may change as you receive deliveries over time (for example, price, taxes, availability, shipping charges). Subscriptions are good while supplies last.

Notifications; Automatic Order Creation; Order Changes or Cancellation

When you place your initial order for a product and enroll in our Smart Supply program, you will receive a notice that your Smart Supply has been created and your first order will be processed. Your first order will be processed immediately, and your selected payment method will be charged at the time the order is placed. Your Smart Supply will thereafter automatically create a new order according to your chosen delivery schedule, until you cancel. You can cancel at any time via Smart Supply Manager, which can be found in Your Account or by calling Customer Service at (877) 718-6750.

For subsequent orders of products included in Smart Supply, you will receive a pre-shipment email notification reminding you of your upcoming shipment, the Smart Supply item(s) and price(s) and the scheduled ship date. If you do not cancel the order prior to your order date, your order will be authorized, and a credit card authorization hold will be placed on the payment method used to create your subscription or updated payment method you may provide. You will see a pending charge during this time as we prepare your order. There is no need to call or update any information online when you see this pending charge.

Credit Card Authorizations and Charges

When you sign up for continuous shipments on Smart Supply, you will be required to expressly agree to permit us to charge your chosen payment method on a recurring basis, as well as the amount of the charge, which amount shall be set as described below. Tractor Supply Company will submit periodic charges (e.g. monthly) to your chosen payment method without further authorization from you, until you provide prior notice at any time that you wish to cancel or to change your payment method. Once your order is processed, your payment method will be charged for the authorized amount. An authorization hold may impact the amount of remaining credit available to you under your chosen payment method.

The amount you are ultimately charged for a product delivered pursuant to our Smart Supply program will be the lower of (a) the price stated in your pre-shipment email notification, or (b) the current price on our website at the time your order is authorized. Please note: prices are subject to change due to dynamic pricing. Once your order has shipped, your chosen credit card or other payment method will be billed this amount. You will not be charged until your order ships. The total cost charged to your payment method for each Smart Supply order will be the price of the item, less the Smart Supply discount or any other discount, if applicable, plus any applicable shipping charges and sales tax. Any credit balances on your Tractor Supply Company.com customer account may be applied toward the balance of your order before charging any remaining balance to your payment method.

The charge for each Smart Supply item shipment will be billed to the payment method used to create your subscription or as otherwise directed by you. If we are unable to complete your Smart Supply order with the payment method you used to create your subscription, we may charge any other valid payment method associated with your Tractor Supply Company Account or we may notify you and give you the opportunity to add another payment method in your account for your Smart Supply order.

Your subscription will remain in effect until it is cancelled. You can cancel at any time via Subscription Manager, which can be found in Your Account or by calling Customer Service at (877) 718-6750.

Agreement Changes

We may, in our sole discretion, change these Terms, (including all applicable terms, conditions, limitations and requirements on the Tractor Supply Company.com website), without notice to you. If any change to these terms is found invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that change is severable and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining changes or conditions. YOUR CONTINUED PARTICIPATION AFTER WE CHANGE THESE TERMS CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE CHANGES. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ANY CHANGES, YOU MUST CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONS.

Additional Terms

We may, in our sole discretion, terminate your subscriptions at any time without notice. If we do so, you will only be charged for orders that have been shipped to you. Your participation in the Smart Supply program is personal to you, and you may not assign or transfer your Subscription or any of the benefits to any third party without our authorization. All returns under Smart Supply are subject to the Tractor Supply Company’s Return Policy. Smart Supply is void where prohibited.

E. Tractor Supply Company Return Policy (top)

Not satisfied with your purchase and need to return it? No problem! Our ultimate goal is to make your return experience as quick and easy as possible. Your satisfaction is guaranteed, and we are committed to doing whatever it takes to ensure you enjoy your purchase and your experience with Tractor Supply Company. Shopping and returning is easy with Tractor Supply. Most online purchases can be returned to a Tractor Supply store. If that's more convenient for you, come on in. We want to see you in person, too.
For detailed information about our Return policy, go to Tractor Supply Company Return Policy

F. Contact Tractor Supply. (top)

If you have any questions about these Terms or need to contact us for any reason identified herein, you may Click here to be directed to Customer Solutions page.

Agents are available Monday through Saturday from 7:00 a.m. – 8:00 p.m. CST, and Sunday from 8:00 a.m. - 7:00 p.m. CST, Closed Easter, Christmas Day, New Year's Day and Thanksgiving.

3. Send your request by mail to:

Tractor Supply Company
5401 Virginia Way
Brentwood, TN 37027
Attn: Customer Solutions Center

Please be sure to include the following information:

• Name
• Return address
• E-Mail address if available
• Telephone number (area code first)
• Order number
• Order date
• Reason for your correspondence

We want your experience at the Site to be as satisfying as possible. The ordering and contact information listed above will provide answers to most of your questions. If you have others, please let us know.

G. Contact Tractor Supply Credit Card Customer Service. (top)

For questions or comments related to your Tractor Supply Credit Card, please call the applicable number below. Please note that these numbers are only for Tractor Supply Credit Card Customer Service.

1-800-263-0691 for Tractor Supply Personal Card Customers
1-800-559-8232 for Tractor Supply Business Card Customers

H. Contact Tractor Supply Gift Card Customer Service. (top)

For inquiries related to your Tractor Supply Gift Card balance, please call 1-888-529-4804.
For all other inquiries or issues with your Tractor Supply Gift Card, please contact Customer Solutions at 1-877- 718-6750 or Click here to be directed to the Customer Solutions page.

I. Miscellaneous (top)

1. Force Majeure.

Tractor Supply shall not be liable for delay or failure in any of its performance hereunder or a failure of the Site due to causes beyond its reasonable control, including, but not limited to, an act of God, war, terrorism, natural disaster, governmental regulations, communication or utility failures or the failures or acts of third parties.

2. Jurisdiction and Governing Law.

These Terms shall be construed, governed and enforced under the laws of the United States and the State of Tennessee (without regard to rules governing conflict of laws). You agree that venue for all actions, relating in any manner to these Terms, shall be in Davidson County, Tennessee. In the event that Arbitration and Class Action Waiver is found to be unenforceable, each party hereby consents and submits to the in personam jurisdiction of the federal or state courts located in Davidson County, Tennessee, and to the extent permitted by law, hereby consents that all services of process may be made by any nationally recognized overnight courier, or by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid and return receipt requested. Each party waives any objection based on forum non conveniens and waives any objection to venue of any action instituted hereunder to the extent that an action is brought in the courts identified above. Each party agrees that a final judgment in any such action shall be conclusive and may be enforced in any other jurisdiction in any manner provided by law.

3. Dispute Resolution, Binding Arbitration and Class Action Waiver

PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT REQUIRES YOU AND TRACTOR SUPPLY TO ARBITRATE CERTAIN DISPUTES AND CLAIMS AND LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH WE CAN SEEK RELIEF FROM EACH OTHER. YOU AND TRACTOR SUPPLY AGREE THAT ARBITRATION WILL BE SOLELY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS A CLASS ARBITRATION, CLASS ACTION, OR ANY OTHER KIND OF REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. TRACTOR SUPPLY AND YOU ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY A JURY.

(a) Informal Dispute Resolution Prior to Arbitration.  For any dispute or claim that you have against Tractor Supply, that Tractor Supply has against you or that you have, or Tractor Supply has, in each case relating in any way to these Terms or the Site, or any aspect of the relationship between you and Tractor Supply as relates to these Terms or the Site (collectively, “Claims” and each a “Claim”), you and Tractor Supply agree to attempt to first resolve the Claim informally via the following process. If you assert a Claim against Tractor Supply, you will first contact Tractor Supply by sending a written notice of your Claim (“Claimant Notice”) to Tractor Supply, attention of the General Counsel, by certified mail addressed to Tractor Supply Company, 5401 Virginia Way, Brentwood, TN 37027 with a copy sent by email to legalnotices@tractorsupply.com . The Claimant Notice must (i) include your name, residence address, email address, and telephone number; (ii) describe the nature and basis of the Claim; and (iii) set forth the specific relief sought. If Tractor Supply asserts a Claim against you, Tractor Supply will first contact you by sending a written notice of Tractor Supply’s Claim (“Tractor Supply Notice”) to you via email to the primary email address associated with your Account. In an effort to accelerate resolution and reduce the cost of any Claim between us, you and we agree to personally meet and confer telephonically or via videoconference in a good faith effort to resolve informally any Claim prior to either party initiating a lawsuit or arbitration (“Initial Dispute Resolution Conference”). If you are represented by counsel, your counsel may participate in the conference, but you will also participate in the conference, as will we. The Initial Dispute Resolution Conference shall occur within 30 days after the other party receives notice pursuant to this paragraph, unless an extension is mutually agreed upon by the parties. The Initial Dispute Resolution Conference shall be individualized such that a separate conference must be held each time either party sends a notice pursuant to this paragraph, even if the same law firm or group of law firms represents multiple individuals in similar cases; unless all parties agree, multiple individuals asserting a Claim cannot participate in the same Initial Dispute Resolution Conference. The completion of the Initial Dispute Resolution Conference is a mandatory pre-condition to either party initiating an arbitration or lawsuit against the other. If either party fails to participate in the Initial Dispute Resolution Conference prior to initiating an arbitration or lawsuit the arbitration provider shall neither accept nor administer any such arbitration nor assess fees in connection with such arbitration.  If you and Tractor Supply cannot reach an agreement to resolve the Claim within thirty (30) days after you or Tractor Supply receives such a Notice, then either party may submit the Claim to binding arbitration as set forth below. The statute of limitations and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled for thirty (30) days from the date that either you or Tractor Supply first send a Claimant Notice or a Tractor Supply Notice, so that the parties can engage in this informal dispute-resolution process.

(b)   Claims Subject to Binding Arbitration; Exceptions.  Except for (i) small claims disputes in which you or Tractor Supply seek to bring an individual action in small claims court located in the county of your billing address or (ii) any disputes exclusively related to the intellectual property or intellectual property rights of you or Tractor Supply, including any disputes in which you or Tractor Supply seek injunctive or other equitable relief for the alleged unlawful use of your or Tractor Supply’s intellectual property or other infringement of your or Tractor Supply’s intellectual property rights (“IP Claims”), all Claims, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, including Claims that are not related to intellectual property or intellectual property rights but are jointly filed with IP Claims, that are not resolved in accordance with Section H. 3(a) will be resolved by a neutral arbitrator through final and binding arbitration instead of in a court by a judge or jury. Such Claims include, without limitation, disputes arising out of or relating to interpretation or application of this arbitration provision, including the enforceability, revocability, or validity of the arbitration provision or any portion of the arbitration provision. The arbitrator will have the authority to grant any remedy or relief that would otherwise be available in court.

(c)   Federal Arbitration Act.  These Terms affect interstate commerce, and the enforceability of this Section will be substantively and procedurally governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1, et seq. (the “FAA”), to the extent permitted by law. As limited by the FAA, these Terms, and the AAA Rules, the arbitrator will have exclusive authority to make all procedural and substantive decisions regarding any dispute and to grant any remedy that would otherwise be available in court, including the power to determine the question of arbitrability. The arbitrator shall be empowered to grant whatever relief would be available in a court under law or in equity, including but not limited to requests for public injunctive relief.

(d)  Arbitration Procedure All Claims must be submitted to the American Arbitration Association (the “AAA”) and will be resolved through binding arbitration before one arbitrator. The AAA administers arbitration pursuant to the due process standards set forth by the AAA and rules set forth by the AAA.  Such rules differ if you are a consumer or a business as further described below:

Consumers. If you are an individual using the Sites for your personal or household use, you are a “Consumer”, and the then-current version of the AAA’s Consumer Arbitration Rules, which are available on the AAA’s website (adr.org), as amended by these Terms as follows, will apply to any arbitration between you and Tractor Supply:

1.  YOU AND TRACTOR SUPPLY AGREE THAT ANY ARBITRATION UNDER THESE TERMS WILL TAKE PLACE ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS; CLASS ARBITRATIONS AND CLASS ACTIONS ARE NOT PERMITTED, AND YOU AND TRACTOR SUPPLY ARE AGREEING TO GIVE UP THE ABILITY TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION. The arbitrator may conduct only an individual arbitration and, except as described below for the additional procedures to govern if twenty-five (25) or more similar or coordinated claims are asserted against Tractor Supply or you by the same or coordinated counsel, may not consolidate more than one individual’s claims, preside over any type of class or representative proceeding, or preside over any proceeding involving more than one individual.

2. For any arbitration you initiate, you will pay the consumer filing fee, and Tractor Supply will pay the remaining AAA fees and costs. For any arbitration initiated by Tractor Supply, Tractor Supply will pay all AAA fees and costs.

3. For all arbitrations where the Claims asserted are $25,000 or less, the arbitration shall be resolved according to the AAA’s Procedures for the Resolution of Disputes through Document Submission, and for all other arbitrations the following procedure will apply: (i) the arbitrator will conduct hearings, if any, by teleconference or videoconference, rather than by personal appearances, unless the arbitrator determines upon request by you or by us that an in-person hearing is appropriate; (ii) any in-person appearances will be held at a location that is reasonably convenient to both parties with due consideration of their ability to travel and other pertinent circumstances, and (iii) if the parties are unable to agree on a location, such determination will be made by the AAA or by the arbitrator.

4. If you or Tractor Supply submits a dispute to arbitration and the arbitrator orders any exchange of information, you and Tractor Supply agree to cooperate to seek from the arbitrator protection for any confidential, proprietary, trade secret, or otherwise sensitive information, documents, testimony, and/or other materials that might be exchanged or the subject of discovery in the arbitration. You and Tractor Supply agree to seek such protection before any such information, documents, testimony, and/or materials are exchanged or otherwise become the subject of discovery in the arbitration.

5. The arbitrator’s decision will follow these Terms and will be final and binding. The arbitrator will have authority to award temporary, interim or permanent injunctive relief or relief providing for specific performance of these Terms, but only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the individual claim before the arbitrator. The award rendered by the arbitrator may be confirmed and enforced in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, nothing in these Terms will preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state or local agencies and, if the law allows, they can seek relief against us for you.

6. The  AAA Supplementary Rules for Multiple Case Filings and the AAA Multiple Consumer Case Filing Fee Schedule will apply if twenty-five (25) or more similar claims are asserted against Tractor Supply or against you by the same or coordinated counsel or are otherwise coordinated. In addition to the application of the AAA Supplementary Rules for Multiple Case Filings and the AAA Multiple Consumer Case Filing Fee Schedule, you and Tractor Supply understand and agree that, when twenty-five (25) or more similar claims are asserted against Tractor Supply or you by the same or coordinated counsel or are otherwise coordinated, resolution of your or Tractor Supply’s Claim might be delayed. For such coordinated actions, you and Tractor Supply also agree to the following coordinated bellwether process:

Counsel for the claimants and counsel for Tractor Supply shall each select ten (10) cases (per side) to proceed first in individual arbitration proceedings. The remaining cases shall be deemed filed for purposes of the statute of limitations but not for the purpose of assessing AAA fees. No AAA fees shall be assessed in connection with those cases until they are selected to proceed to individual arbitration proceedings as part of a bellwether process. After the initial twenty (20) proceedings are completed, the parties must engage in mediation of all remaining cases, and Tractor Supply will pay the mediation fee. If the parties are unable to resolve the remaining cases, each side will repeat the process by selecting and filing another ten (10) cases (per side) to be resolved in individual bellwether proceedings before separate arbitrators, followed by mediation,

If after the second set of arbitrations and mediations conclude, the parties cannot agree how to resolve the remaining claims, any individual customer who is part of the coordinated proceeding, or Tractor Supply  may elect to opt out of arbitration by providing notice to the opposing counsel, and if the consumer  wishes to proceed with the Claim they may file an individual claim in court.  For those consumers who do not opt out of arbitration, their claims will proceed in arbitration in continued batches of 40 claims as set forth above.  Additional cases involving similar claims brought by  the same or coordinated counsel shall not be filed   in arbitration until the arbitration and mediation for prior sets has been completed. YOU AGREE TO THIS PROCESS EVEN THOUGH IT MAY DELAY THE ARBITRATION OF YOUR CLAIM.  IF SUCH A PROCESS IS INITIATED, THE FILING OF A NOTICE OF DISPUTE BY A CUSTOMER IN ACCORDANCE WITH PARAGRAPH H.3(a) OR FILING OF A COMPLAINT IN COURT WILL TOLL ALL APPLICABLE STATUTES OF LIMITATIONS FOR THAT CUSTOMER’S DISPUTE UNTIL THE COMPLETION OF THE PROCESS DESCRIBED IN THIS PARAGRAPH.

A single arbitrator shall preside over each case. Only one case may be assigned to each arbitrator as part of a bellwether process unless the parties agree otherwise.
This bellwether process shall continue, consistent with the parameters identified above, until all the claims included in these coordinated filings, including your case, are adjudicated or otherwise resolved.
The statute of limitations and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled for claims subject to this bellwether process from the time the first cases are selected for a bellwether process until the time your or Tractor Supply’s case is selected for a bellwether process, withdrawn, or otherwise resolved.
A court shall have authority to enforce this paragraph and, if necessary, to enjoin the mass filing or prosecution of arbitration demands against Tractor Supply or you.
Businesses.  If you are NOT a “Consumer” (as defined above), you are a “Business” and the then-current version of the AAA’s Commercial Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures, which are available on the AAA’s website (adr.org), as amended by these Terms as follows, will apply to any arbitration between you and Tractor Supply unless we agreed on another dispute resolution in our contract:

1. YOU AND TRACTOR SUPPLY AGREE THAT ANY ARBITRATION UNDER THESE TERMS WILL TAKE PLACE ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS; CLASS ARBITRATIONS AND CLASS ACTIONS ARE NOT PERMITTED, AND YOU AND TRACTOR SUPPLY ARE AGREEING TO GIVE UP THE ABILITY TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.  The arbitrator may conduct only an individual arbitration and, except as described below for the additional procedures to govern if twenty-five (25) or more similar or coordinated claims are asserted against Tractor Supply or you by the same or coordinated counsel, may not consolidate more than one individual’s claims, preside over any type of class or representative proceeding, or preside over any proceeding involving more than one individual.

2. Any in-person appearances will be held in Davidson County, Tennessee.

3. The arbitrator’s decision will follow these Terms and will be final and binding. The arbitrator will have authority to award temporary, interim or permanent injunctive relief or relief providing for specific performance of these Terms, but only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the individual claim before the arbitrator. The award rendered by the arbitrator may be confirmed and enforced in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, nothing in these Terms will preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state or local agencies and, if the law allows, they can seek relief against us for you.

4. You and Tractor Supply agree to cooperate to seek from the arbitrator protection for any confidential, proprietary, trade secret, or otherwise sensitive information, documents, testimony, and/or other materials that might be exchanged or the subject of discovery in the arbitration. You and Tractor Supply agree to seek such protection before any such information, documents, testimony, and/or materials are exchanged or otherwise become the subject of discovery in the arbitration.

5. The arbitrator’s decision will follow these Terms and will be final and binding. The arbitrator will have authority to award temporary, interim or permanent injunctive relief or relief providing for specific performance of these Terms, but only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the individual claim before the arbitrator. The award rendered by the arbitrator may be confirmed and enforced in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, nothing in these Terms will preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state or local agencies and, if the law allows, they can seek relief against us for you.

6. The  AAA Supplementary Rules for Multiple Case Filings and the AAA Multiple Consumer Case Filing Fee Schedule will apply if twenty-five (25) or more similar claims are asserted against Tractor Supply or against you by the same or coordinated counsel or are otherwise coordinated. In addition to the application of the AAA Supplementary Rules for Multiple Case Filings and the AAA Multiple Consumer Case Filing Fee Schedule, you and Tractor Supply understand and agree that, when twenty-five (25) or more similar claims are asserted against Tractor Supply or you by the same or coordinated counsel or are otherwise coordinated, resolution of your or Tractor Supply’s Claim might be delayed. For such coordinated actions, you and Tractor Supply also agree to the following coordinated bellwether process:

Counsel for the claimants and counsel for Tractor Supply shall each select ten (10) cases (per side) to proceed first in individual arbitration proceedings. The remaining cases shall be deemed filed for purposes of the statute of limitations but not for the purpose of assessing AAA fees. No AAA fees shall be assessed in connection with those cases until they are selected to proceed to individual arbitration proceedings as part of a bellwether process. After the initial twenty (20) proceedings are completed, the parties must engage in mediation of all remaining cases, and Tractor Supply will pay the mediation fee. If the parties are unable to resolve the remaining cases, each side will repeat the process by selecting and filing another ten (10) cases (per side) to be resolved in individual bellwether proceedings before separate arbitrators, followed by mediation,

If after the second set of arbitrations and mediations conclude, the parties cannot agree how to resolve the remaining claims, any individual customer who is part of the coordinated proceeding, or Tractor Supply  may elect to opt out of arbitration by providing notice to the opposing counsel, and if the consumer  wishes to proceed with the Claim they may file an individual claim in court.  For those consumers who do not opt out of arbitration, their claims will proceed in arbitration in continued batches of 40 claims as set forth above.  Additional cases involving similar claims brought by  the same or coordinated counsel shall not be filed   in arbitration until the arbitration and mediation for prior sets has been completed. YOU AGREE TO THIS PROCESS EVEN THOUGH IT MAY DELAY THE ARBITRATION OF YOUR CLAIM.

A single arbitrator shall preside over each case. Only one case may be assigned to each arbitrator as part of a bellwether process unless the parties agree otherwise.
This bellwether process shall continue, consistent with the parameters identified above, until all the claims included in these coordinated filings, including your case, are adjudicated or otherwise resolved.
The statute of limitations and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled for claims subject to this bellwether process from the time the first cases are selected for a bellwether process until the time your or Tractor Supply’s case is selected for a bellwether process, withdrawn, or otherwise resolved.
A court shall have authority to enforce this paragraph and, if necessary, to enjoin the mass filing or prosecution of arbitration demands against Tractor Supply or you.
(e) CLASS AND COLLECTIVE ACTION WAIVER. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND TRACTOR SUPPLY AGREE THAT EACH PARTY MAY BRING DISPUTES AGAINST THE OTHER PARTY ONLY IN AN INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A CLASS ACTION, COLLECTIVE ACTION OR CLASS ARBITRATION.

(f) One Year to Assert Claims. To the extent permitted by law, any Claim or dispute by you or Tractor Supply arising out of or related to these Terms or the Sites, or any aspect of the relationship between you and Tractor Supply as relates to your use of the Sites, in each case other than IP Claims, must be filed within one year after such Claim or dispute arose; otherwise, the claim is permanently barred, which means that you and Tractor Supply will not have the right to assert the claim.

(g)    Opting Out of Arbitration (Consumers Only).  You have the right to opt out of binding arbitration within 30 days of the date you first accepted these Terms by providing us notice of your opt-out via email at TSC email address]. In order to be effective, the opt-out notice must include your full name, and mailing address, and email address and clearly indicate your intent to opt out of binding arbitration.

(h)   Rejection of Future Arbitration Changes.  You may reject any change we make to Section H.3 (except address changes) by personally signing and sending us notice within 30 days of the change via email at [TSC email address]. If you do, the most recent version of Section H.3 before the change you rejected will apply.

(i)  Severability.  If any portion of this Section H.3 is found to be unenforceable or unlawful for any reason, including but not limited to because it is found to be unconscionable, (i) the unenforceable or unlawful provision will be severed from these Terms; (ii) severance of the unenforceable or unlawful provision will have no impact whatsoever on the remainder of this Section H.3 or the parties’ ability to compel arbitration of any remaining claims on an individual basis pursuant to this Section H.3. The foregoing severance provision shall not apply to the prohibition against class or collective actions. This means that if the prohibition against class or collective actions is found to be unenforceable for any reason, the entire Dispute Resolution, Binding Arbitration and Class Action Waiver of these Terms, but only that section, shall be null and void. 

4. Limitation of Liability.

We are not responsible and will not be liable for any damages of any nature, including without limitation any incidental, special or consequential damages (such as lost profits or lost business opportunities), punitive damages or attorney's fees.

5. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Language.

Statements made on this Site may include "forward-looking statements," as such are provided for by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the "Act"). All statements other than those reciting historic fact are statements that could be "forward-looking statements" under the Act. Such forward-looking statements may be found in, among other places, the discussions, presentations, or comments from management regarding Tractor Supply future operations and performance; proposed new locations, products, services, or developments; conditions or performance of the domestic economy; and any statement of an assumption underlying any of the foregoing.
Tractor Supply believes that the expectations, opinions, projections, and comments reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable but can give no assurance that such statements will prove to be correct. Potential risks, uncertainties, and other factors could materially affect Tractor Supply's ability to achieve the results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, changes in general economic conditions such as interest rate and currency fluctuations, rising gas prices, and other factors which can negatively affect customers, as well as Tractor Supply's ability to respond to changing economic conditions. Tractor Supply operations and economic results can be found in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

5. Severability.

If any provision hereof is declared invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such invalidity, so that the remainder of that provision and all remaining provisions of these Terms will continue in full force and effect.

6. Waiver.

No waiver of any breach of a provision of these Terms shall constitute a waiver of any prior, concurrent or subsequent breach of the same or any other provision hereof and no waiver shall be effective unless made in writing.

7. Modifications.

Tractor Supply may modify these Terms at any time, at its discretion, and modifications are effective upon being posted on the Site. You are responsible for reviewing these Terms to ensure that you are aware of any changes made to the Terms.

Content of the Site is © Tractor Supply Company, Inc., 2017-2021, All Rights Reserved. All text, images, graphics, animation, videos, music and other materials on the Site are subject to the copyright and other intellectual property rights of Tractor Supply, Inc. These materials may not be reproduced, distributed, modified or reposted to other websites without the express written permission of Tractor Supply, Inc. or its affiliates.

The registered trademarks of Tractor Supply and its subsidiaries, affiliates or licensors include, without limitation: BACKYARD BANQUET FOR BIRDS®, BIT & BRIDLE®, C.E. SCHMIDT®, C.E. SCHMIDT WORKWEAR®, DUMOR®, FARMFORCE®, GROUNDWORK TRACTOR SUPPLY CO.®, HARVEST SUPREME®, HOMETOWN GREETINGS®, HUSKEE®, JOBSMART®, LIVING & LOVING THE GOOD LIFE®, MILEPOST®, MINOT®, BARN DESIGN®, OUT HERE®, PAWS & CLAWS®, POWER PLUS®, POWER PLUS PROTECTION®, PRODUCER'S PRIDE®, RED SHED®, RETRIEVER®, ROYAL WING®, THE STUFF YOU NEED OUT HERE®, TRACTOR SUPPLY CO.®, TRAVELLER®, TSC®, TSC TRACTOR SUPPLY CO.®, WHERE AMERICA'S FARMERS SHOP® and YOU WANT THE STUFF YOU NEED®. Such marks may be used only with the prior written permission of Tractor Supply. All other trademarks not owned by Tractor Supply are the property of their respective owners.