TERMS & CONDITIONS

Please read this Terms and Conditions Agreement very carefully before accessing or using the Website. By accessing or using any part of the web site, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the Website or use any services. Access to and use of these websites is subject to acceptance of the terms and conditions below, which include our Privacy Policy.

License

Trading Economics grants you a limited, personal, nontransferable, revocable license to analyse data from 232 countries, including more than 200.000 economic indicators, exchange rates, government bond yields, stock indexes, commodity prices.

Warranty

Trading Economics and its Affiliates make no warranty of any kind regarding the Site, Content, Products or Services, all of which are provided on an "as is" basis. Moreover, Trading Economics and its Affiliates expressly disclaim any representation or warranty that the Site will be free from errors, viruses or other harmful components, that communications to or from the Site will be secure and not intercepted, that the Services and other capabilities offered from the Site will be uninterrupted, or that its Content will be accurate, complete or timely.

Responsibility

Trading Economics members are responsible for maintaining the security of their account, and they are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with the account. You must immediately notify Trading Economics of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security. Trading Economics will not be liable for any acts or omissions by You, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.

Termination policy

Trading Economics may terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate this Agreement or your TradingEconomics.com account, you may simply send us an email to cancel your account and discontinue using the Website.