Traveloka - Terms and Conditions
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
Last modified on 1 July 2025
The www.traveloka.com site and the app (“
Site
”) is managed by Traveloka Group of Companies including its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (“
we
”, “
us
”, “
our
” or “
Traveloka
”).
As a user (“
you
”, “
your
” or “
user
”), you acknowledge and agree that you have read and understood these Terms and Conditions of Use (“
Terms
”) and other policies and documents as referred to in these Terms. Your access, search, use of or transaction on the Site indicate your acceptance of these Terms as well as any other policies and documents as referred to or hyperlinked in these Terms. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms, please do not access, use or transact on the Site or make any bookings through our call agents. These Terms and other policies and documents referred to herein shall constitute a binding legal agreement between you and Traveloka.
Please return to this page, on or before accessing, using or transacting on the Site to acknowledge and agree on the most current version of these Terms. We may change or modify these Terms (or parts thereof) at any time where it is necessary to comply with any applicable laws or to reflect a change to our operational practices. We will use reasonable endeavors to provide you with a notice or send you a notification of the updated Terms on the Site. The latest version of these Terms will supersede all previous versions.
OUR SITE AND SERVICES
Traveloka operates and manages the Site that enables an online platform to connect you with suppliers and provides you with a service to browse, search, reserve, book, purchase, participate in and pay, or, in certain cases, redirect you to a supplier’s distribution channel(s) to reserve, purchase, participate in or pay for different types of the following products as offered on the Site (“
Services
”):
“
Travel Products
”, depending on the countries of operation, including but not limited to:
Flights
including domestic and international flights and other ancillary, add-on services and flexible travel services including baggage, seat selection, meal, additional requests, available subclasses, and such other offerings that Traveloka designates to form a part of Flights (and various naming thereof);
Ground Transport
including but not limited to car rental, airport transfer services, shuttle, taxi, train, JR pass, bus & travel, any other add-on services related to the foregoing, and other ground transport services that Traveloka designates to form a part of Ground Transport;
Accommodation
including temporary accommodation, hotel, resort, apartment, villa, homestay, lodging, holiday stays, last-minute hotels, budget hotels, any other add-on or in-room services/special requests related to the foregoing and other flexible travel services related to accommodation bookings, that Traveloka designates to form a part of Accommodation;
Travel Activities
including
attraction passes, amusement park tickets, event tickets, tourist attraction tickets, tour packages, cruises, playgrounds, games & activities, recreational sports, classes & workshops, beauty & spa, any other add-on services related to the foregoing, and other experience services that Traveloka designates to form a part of Travel Activities; or
a combination of the products and services listed above and other non-financial products and services that may be available on the Site whether or not presented as a bundled offering;
“
Financial Services
” including financing, insurance (travel-related or otherwise), and other financial-related products and services which may be available on the Site based on the countries of operation;
“
Activities
” including games, campaigns, promotions, and any forms of activities, from time to time, organized or initiated on the Site and/or any other platforms, marketing channels and social media(s) by Traveloka;
“
Other Products
” including gift vouchers, travel vouchers, baggage tracking service, visa application services, international data plan, travel guide, discount package, and such other offerings that Traveloka designates to form a part of Other Products.
In these Terms, Travel Products, Financial Services, Activities, and Other Products (depending on the context), shall be individually and collectively also referred to as “
Product(s)
”. The expression of Product may also cover the offering that is presented as a bundled offering of different types of product (such as Flight with Financial Services (insurance), etc.).
The Services on this Site are provided by Traveloka Services Pte. Ltd., company registration number 201509260N and having its address at 168 Robinson Road, #10-02, Capital Tower, Singapore 068912, or such other entity(ies) as may be specified by us to offer all or part of the Services to you.
Unless we expressly mention on the Site that a Product is operated and provided by Traveloka, all Products are supplied, operated, and provided to you by a third-party supplier (collectively and individually referred to as a “
Supplier
” depending on the context). The terms and conditions for a specific Product provided by either a Supplier or, as the case may be, Traveloka, if not included or partially included in these Terms, may be notified to you (separately, by either Traveloka or the relevant Supplier, or incorporated in the relevant Product information) (“
Product Terms
”). Such Product Terms shall be deemed acknowledged and agreed upon by you (a) at the time you book, reserve, participate or purchase, and/or (b) when you have a Confirmed Booking. “
Confirmed Booking
” is when we issue you a receipt, successful booking/purchase confirmation and/or an e-ticket, voucher or e-passes, as the case may be, via email (to the email address you registered or filled at the time of your booking), your booking feature on the Site, or any other methods which may be available in the future.
A user having reached the legal age and being fully competent under the applicable laws shall be eligible to access any of our Services on the Site. Certain Products may be subject to specific age restrictions, limitations, or special requirements under the applicable laws. In such specific cases, we will publish specific restrictions in these Terms or in the Product Terms, or otherwise use our reasonable effort to notify you of the minimum qualifications and restrictions of the user who will be eligible to enjoy such specific Products. If you are a minor, has been declared or is considered to be legally incompetent, or subject to any age restriction or limitation, you must not access the Services, use or transact on the Site, or book, reserve, participate in or purchase the specific Products. All activities, participation, booking, reservation, purchase and other transactions made on our Site shall be valid and binding in accordance with these Terms.
You acknowledge that information related to the Products published on the Site is provided by the Suppliers, their agents, aggregators, distributors, channel managers, or other third parties. Accordingly, we make no representations or warranties as to the accuracy, availability, completeness, timeliness, or authenticity of any such information. We shall not be responsible or liable for any errors (including placement and typing errors), obstruction (whether caused by temporary and/or partial, damage, reparation or improvement to the Site), inaccurate, incomplete, misleading or false information of the Products provided on the Site whether by the Suppliers, their agents, aggregators, distributors, channel managers, or other third parties. While we may generally seek to assist you in liaising with the relevant Suppliers to facilitate an amicable resolution of the matter, we do so without giving any warranty and/or guarantee, or accepting any liability or responsibility whatsoever (whichever the case may be) with respect to any liaison, facilitation or outcome (unsatisfactory or otherwise) of the matter.
Prices and specific details of a Product are dynamic and subject to changes in accordance with market conditions, demands, Suppliers’ policy or other commercial circumstances which may result in incomplete, inaccurate, irrelevant, obsolete, non-updated information published on the Site. The prices or specific details of a Product shown on the homepage or during your browsing and search result may be changed by the time you reach the payment page. You must carefully review the final price and the specific details of the relevant Product before proceeding with the payment of your selected Product, including assessing whether the final price may contain a fault on the Site which no reasonable person would consider appropriate or making business sense (“
Real Mistake
”). If a Real Mistake occurs and you proceed with the purchase, you acknowledge and agree that we will not be responsible or liable for any booking, reservation and purchase that you agree, accept and successfully pay on the Site. Further, subject to Section 2.6 (Booking and Transaction on the Site) of these Terms, we may cancel or reject any booking, reservation, or purchase with respect to a Real Mistake, which does not depend on where the error originated.
Neither the Site nor the Services constitute, nor should it be regarded as, an endorsement of any
Supplier
listed on our Site. We do not make any representations and should not be construed as making any recommendations or suggestions to the level of service quality or rating of the Products and/or Suppliers listed on the Site, and in no event shall we be responsible or liable for any information, content, products, services, or other materials provided or made available by Suppliers. Rankings of Suppliers displayed to you depend on various factors, including but not limited to the keywords, target destination, travel date, availability, types of services and filters that you fill in during your search on the Site which we believe that you will experience convenience and satisfaction in choosing the Products of the respective Suppliers in accordance with your request. In addition to the foregoing, Suppliers may be introduced to you in the form of different categories and preferences based on factors including but not limited to their popularity, locations, price, property types, reviews, star ratings, Promotion (as defined below) and specific marketing campaign and program that each Supplier participates with us. We may, from time to time, offer certain programs under which Suppliers may improve their visibility on our Site and Suppliers participation in such programs will generally be noted by specific marks or labels on the Site.
Ratings, accommodation stars, perks, labels, and other types of certifications given to the Suppliers and/or shown on the Site are based on the information given by Suppliers, reviews by users on the Site and review platforms and are published at our sole discretion. We do not endorse or verify the ratings, accommodation stars, perks, labels, and other types of certifications given to the Suppliers and will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy of the existing rating, perks, labels, and other types of certifications. In no event shall Traveloka be responsible or liable for any claims, losses or liability with respect to the ratings, perks, labels, and/or other types of certifications shown on the Site provided by the relevant Suppliers. You shall not rely solely on the ratings, accommodation stars, perks, labels or certifications, but rather take into consideration other details of the Supplier and the Product before proceeding with the booking, reservation or purchase of the Product.
All contents and information accessed by you on the Site is at your own risk. You will be solely responsible for any damage or loss to any party resulting therefrom. To the extent permitted by the applicable law, under no circumstance shall we be liable in any way for any loss or damage of any kind incurred in connection with the use of or exposure to any content accessed on our Site, including but not limited to any errors or omissions, or any additions, removals, or modifications that we make on our Site. We do not guarantee that our Site and Services will always be available or uninterrupted. We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage resulting from any unavailability or interruption of our Site and the Services.
The Site may contain advertisements and links to other external websites operated by third-parties other than Traveloka and, in some cases, we may cooperate with our partners and allow such partners to place their advertisements and links on our Site. We may, from time to time, agree with our partners and display their advertisement in any of the following forms: (a) a static or native image with a redirection link on the Site to a specific page or our partners’ platform, or (b) an advertisement or marketing activities published or broadcast on the Site or our marketing channels sponsored by our partners. Depending on the content of the embedded links, You may explore or click on certain advertisements or links to know more about the advertiser, product owners and details of their products and services. In any case, we have no control over the content of the displayed advertisements and those sites, whether of its content, privacy or other activities. When visiting third-party sites or platforms through or in relation to your transactions on our Site, such third parties’ terms and conditions may apply to you and they operate separately and independently from Traveloka and these Terms. Any data you provide on the linked site will be subject to the third party’s respective privacy and cookie policies, which we strongly recommend you to review in advance. Your access to those sites or platforms is at your own risk and you agree that we are not responsible for the content, access or the availability of such sites. We do not endorse or recommend and are not responsible for the origin of such other sites or content and the potential exposure to viruses, spyware, malware, or other harm when accessing such other sites or content. You hereby agree to release us from and against any and all liabilities, expenses, loss, or damage, directly or indirectly caused or allegedly caused by or in connection with the use of or account for such content, site or resource. Where applicable, certain advertisements may be tailored based on your interests or activity on our Site, in accordance with our Privacy Notice.
By using our Services and booking, reservation or purchasing the Products, you understand, acknowledge, and accept that you will also be subject to the terms and conditions imposed by our respective Suppliers. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, for certain accommodation reservation services provided by EAN.com L.P. (“
EAN
”) or any of their affiliates, you shall be subject to the terms and conditions of EAN that are available
here
.
BOOKING AND TRANSACTION ON THE SITE
You agree that your booking, reservation, use, or purchase of the relevant Product on the Site is made with (a) the Supplier listed on the Site, or (b) with Traveloka in the case that the Products are provided and performed by us. In the case of (a), Traveloka acts solely as the platform operator or intermediary for the booking, reservation, use, or purchase of the Product between you and the respective Supplier. Except in the case of (b), Traveloka does not provide nor shall have any obligation to provide, perform or serve you with, or own, operate or control the Products that you have booked, reserved or purchased.
At the time you book, reserve or purchase a Product on the Site, you also accept and agree to the Product Terms as specified by us, the Suppliers or notified by us on behalf of the Suppliers, including changes, cancellation, refund, no-show policies or your specific requests. Your Confirmed Booking shall be considered as your confirmation that you have fully read, understood and agreed to the Product Terms specified by us or the respective Suppliers. Subject to Section 7 (User Account), if you book, reserve or purchase a Product for and on behalf of other persons, you shall be deemed to act as an agent of the principals whose name appears in the Confirmed Booking. For this purpose, you hereby represent and warrant that you have been duly appointed by the principals and have the power and authority to bind the principals to these Terms. If you do not have the appropriate power and authority, you shall be bound by the Terms as if you are the principals. You shall also be responsible to inform the principals about the terms that apply to the booking (including the Product Terms applicable to the specific Product that is being booked) and ensure that they agree to such terms.
Your booking, reservation or purchase may not be confirmed instantly after you successfully pay for the Product on the Site. In the foregoing cases, a receipt of payment and/or receipt of your booking or purchase request is an indication that your request has been received by us for processing and we will endeavor to provide you with the Confirmed Booking within a reasonable period of time. You acknowledge and agree that some bookings, reservations or purchases may take longer for us to provide you with your Confirmed Booking due to the supply chain which enables us to make the Products available on our Site. You should check your booking or purchase status regularly to ascertain whether your booking is confirmed. If your booking, reservation, or purchase is not issued within a reasonable period, you shall firstly contact us to check the status of your booking, reservation, or purchase prior to making any new booking, reservation, or purchase for the same, alternative, or similar service that you have initially booked, reserved, or purchased which may result in you having an excess of booking, reservation, or purchase (a “
Double Booking
”). We shall not be liable to refund or compensate you in any way if you make a Double Booking. You fully acknowledge and agree that once the Confirmed Booking is sent to you, a separate contract between you (or the principals, as the case may be) and the Supplier has been executed and the respective services shall be directly performed by the Suppliers to you (or the principals, as the case may be).
You acknowledge and agree that we do not have any responsibility and liability arising out of or in connection with any loss or damage incurred to you by Suppliers. In case the Supplier fails to perform the services in accordance with the Confirmed Booking or the Supplier has entered into dissolution, liquidation, business rehabilitation or reorganization, or under the receivership ordered by the competent court, or is insolvent or bankrupt, or under process of similar procedures, or is in any way unable to perform the services for you, you agree that your claim, recourse, or other litigation shall be made solely against such Supplier and not against Traveloka.
You shall keep confidential your account details, booking number, booking voucher, booking ID of your Confirmed Booking, or any forms of the systems-generated unique code. Neither Traveloka nor the Suppliers shall be responsible for any lost, stolen or destroyed booking number, booking voucher, booking ID of your Confirmed Booking, or any forms of systems-generated unique codes provided to you. Any bookings, and subsequent actions taken thereof, made from your account shall be deemed to have been done by you or persons authorized by you. Separately, we retain our right to decline any requests coming from your account if we have reason to believe that a request coming from your account has not been initiated by you or authorized by you. We also retain our rights to decline any requests for a booking under your name or relating to your account that is submitted by anyone other than yourself, including any family members, or associates, even if they have pertinent information relating to your account.
We reserve the right, without liability, to reject or not proceed with any booking, or cancel your Confirmed Booking or your participation in any Activities in any occurrence of the following non-exhaustive events:
the Product you have booked, reserved or purchased is no longer made available by the Supplier;
a Real Mistake;
the relevant Product is no longer available on the Site;
your failure to pay the outstanding value of the Product you booked, reserved or purchased or either Supplier or Traveloka cannot collect such balance on the specified or due date caused by your fault, intentionally or negligently;
the outstanding value of the Product you booked, reserved or purchased has not been successfully paid, credited or debited from your account, credit card, debit card, wallet, or by any alternative payment methods, or such payment cannot be made due to error occurred by a bank system or payment provider facilities either on or off the Site;
you provide insufficient, inaccurate, erroneous or misleading information at the time of booking;
a force majeure event;
an occurrence of a technical issue on the Site, including miscommunication of price or details of a Product advertised on the Site which error (a) is or should have been apparent to you, or (b) would not be deemed by a reasonable person as being an appropriate price considering commercial reality or a service which can reasonably be provided by a Supplier in practice; or
an occurrence of any breach, action or event under Section 8.1 and/or Section 8.2 (Suspension of Service and Deletion or Deactivation of User Account).
In any of the foregoing events, our sole responsibility is to communicate with the Supplier (if applicable) to offer you an alternative product or a service or provide you with a refund, but in any event, it shall always remain subject to the relevant Supplier’s policy and discretion.
We may, from time to time, cooperate with an authorized third-party platform and make part of our Services available in such third-party platform via redirection method. If you access our Services through such third-party platform and book, reserve, or purchase the relevant Products, such booking, reservation, or purchase shall be governed by these Terms, which shall apply in full force and effect. Any terms, policies, or guidelines provided by such third-party platform are separate and do not alter or override these Terms. For more information on our authorized third-party, you may contact our Customer Service.
We shall not be responsible for any transactions or interactions directly between you and Suppliers (or any third party) that occur outside of the Site.
SPECIAL REQUESTS
You may insert your special requests for a particular Product at the time of specific booking on the Site, or contact our Customer Service or the Supplier directly (as applicable). The request will be addressed at the
Supplier
’s discretion, based on availability and other factors. Your special requests may be subject to additional charges and/or fees by the relevant Supplier based on the discretion and/or policy of the relevant Supplier. You agree that the special request may or may not be fulfilled and performed by Suppliers due to limited availability or other causes. Traveloka is not responsible whatsoever for the availability and/or fulfillment of your special requests by the Supplier.
TRAVEL ADVICE AND DOCUMENTS
You are exclusively responsible for: (a) knowing and understanding the travel requirements of your departure country, your chosen destination, your chosen airline partner, and/or place of transit, (b) the selection of travel, travel route and destination, for the entire duration of your trip, and (c) for measuring and mitigating against the risk of traveling to your chosen destination, as well as fulfilling the requisite travel requirements of your chosen destination (which may include, but are not limited to, passport, visa, and transit visa requirements, insurance, health check requirement and vaccinations, medical declarations such as declarations for pregnancy, disability, or other medical conditions which require declarations under specific conditions for carriage, and/or any travel documents required by airlines).
Traveloka does not represent or warrant that travel to such destinations is advisable or risk-free and Traveloka is not liable for any personal injury, damages or losses that may result from your travel to such destinations. Traveloka shall not be liable for any incidents occurring during your trip or your stay.
Traveloka shall not be required to verify or notify you of any travel requirements imposed by any third party or jurisdiction. As such, we shall not be responsible or liable to you or any third party, for any personal injury, loss or damages that you suffer or may suffer from your failure to obtain or possess applicable travel approvals, visas or permits as required by the destination country(ies) for which you shall solely be responsible.
PROMOTION
We, from time to time, provide specific campaigns, special programs and promotions for the benefit of our users on the Site, including but not limited to, Products’ special rates, discount codes, coupons, promo codes, special offers, free gifts and Traveloka point injection (“
Promotions
”). Promotions may be offered by Traveloka, Suppliers, or our strategic and campaign partners (“
Sponsors
”). Certain Promotions may be applied limited to specific countries and residents, campaign-based or qualified group of users, or specific Products as may be designated by the Sponsors. Unless expressly stated otherwise, redemption of any Promotions may not be combined with any other different Promotions and/or any other loyalty programs available on the Site. Promotions including their eligibility, use, redemption and specific conditions shall be subject to specific terms which will be available on the Site during the period of each Promotion. Promotions cannot be redeemed, exchanged or refunded for cash, credit, travel voucher, Traveloka voucher or other products. If you wish to enjoy the Promotions, you shall ensure that you are eligible and comply with the terms thereof.
Promotion may not cover the full price of a Product and you must pay the difference after deducting the value of a Promotion to enjoy the Product.
You may be subject to tax obligations on the value of Promotions you enjoy. In such case, you agree to be solely responsible for complying with such tax obligations in full and hold us harmless in respect of the same. We will use reasonable efforts, but will not be obligated, to provide you with notice prior to or at the time of redeeming the Promotions.
CANCELLATIONS, CHANGES, REFUNDS AND ADDITIONAL CHARGES
In case you wish to change or modify your booking details (including but not limited to additions/add-ons, changes of date, route and/or passenger) or voluntarily cancel your Confirmed Booking, you may apply certain changes, modification or cancellation through our available features on the Site or contact our Customer Service. You agree that (a) eligibility of certain changes, modifications, cancellation, or refund shall be subject to the Product Terms as specified by the Suppliers and us (as applicable) and (b) that additional service fees, charges or expenses in relation to such changes, modification, cancellation or refund may apply. Traveloka shall facilitate communicating with the Supplier on the requested change or modification, however, our response to you will be subject to the response of the Supplier. Please note that there may be additional charges that you are obliged to pay to a Supplier to enable the change or modification that you have requested. Such additional charges shall be paid on the Site by our available payment channel. Traveloka reserves the right to charge our facilitating fee, service fee or any other fees on top of the foregoing fees charged by the Supplier. Please note that certain special requests, modifications, additions and/or add-ons may not be refundable subject to the terms and conditions set solely by the respective Supplier.
If your Confirmed Booking is modified, rescheduled or canceled by the Supplier, we will, on your request and subject to the approval, terms and conditions set by the Suppliers,
communicate
with the Suppliers a request for a refund or a reschedule (as applicable).
We make no warranty that the Suppliers: (a) will refund you in full or in part, (b) agree to or confirm your reschedule proposal, or (c) will respond to and process your request in a timely manner.
If you change your plan after the Confirmed Booking is issued, we encourage you to submit the request for reschedule, modification, or changes via available channels on the Site to avoid any data mismatch.
If you have requested any reschedule, modification, or changes (including but not limited to changes in dates, routes and/or passengers, flight class or room upgrades, additions/add-ons) directly with the Suppliers, Traveloka shall not be responsible for such matters relating to the reschedule, modification, or changes made to your booking, reservation or purchase originally made on the Site. In this case:
we will not be obliged to send you any update of your booking on the Site or notify you of any reschedule, modification, or changes through any of your instructed communication channels; and
we will not be responsible and liable for any loss, claim or any legal consequences arising from your reschedule, modification, or changes made to your booking directly with the Suppliers.
Subject to the terms of the payment processing facilities, we will principally process your refunds, both voluntary and involuntary, by reversing the refund through the original payment method you used to pay for the Confirmed Booking. If your refund cannot be reversed through the original payment method that you used, or you used a bank transfer or made payments via our offline payment partners as your original payment method to pay for the Confirmed Booking, we will transfer the refund solely to a valid and designated bank account which you have registered on the Site when submitting the refund request (“
Designated Bank Account
”). We reserve the right to withhold and reject any transfer of refunds to the Designated Bank Account in the event that we consider or reasonably suspect that the refund request may violate or potentially violate the laws related to money laundering, terrorism financing, fraud, or other types of criminal activities, or may have potential unlawful conduct. We may report such to enforcement authorities (if applicable) to comply with our legal obligations as imposed by applicable law. We will not be liable for the correctness, accuracy or completeness of the information that you provide.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, if (a) we are not able to reverse the payment to your original payment method whether such inability is caused by a payment processing service provider, Traveloka or yourself, (b) you fail to provide us the necessary details to enable us to process your refund, fail to register or add your Designated Bank Account on the Site, the Designated Bank Account added by you is not accurate, is invalid, or cannot be found by the system of the bank, and (c) you could not be contacted, or you do not respond to us after we have made efforts to contact you, whether via your registered e-mail address or telephone number, you shall be deemed as uncontactable for the purpose of processing your refund request, and Traveloka is entitled to cease to process your refund request.
Please click
here
to review our terms and conditions for Designated Bank Account, which also governs your use of the Site.
Subject to applicable laws, Traveloka shall have the right
to
set-off or deduct certain fees (including applicable interchangeable fees, merchant charges, bank fees and other service fees) incurred from refund or applicable reversed payment process from your requested refund to reimburse reasonable costs that have been incurred in connection with the cancellation. You shall be notified of the deducted fees (if any) after you make a refund request or after the refund has been made to your account.
In some cases, a Supplier may offer you, by communicating through us, an alternative refund option or travel credit in lieu of cash or fund transfer to your account. We shall then communicate with you on such alternative offer in accordance with the Supplier’s policy and/or instruction. You acknowledge that we shall have no final decision or consideration regarding any policy or instruction of the Supplier. If you are not satisfied with such alternative offer, you acknowledge that you may direct any complaint or proceed with any legal proceeding solely against the Supplier.
To the extent permitted by local laws and regulations, Traveloka may offer you alternative refund options including Traveloka coupon, points, voucher and/or code for any canceled booking made on the Site. If you agree to accept the foregoing alternative refund options, your right to receive cash or transfer of refund will no longer be available and the obligation of Traveloka to refund you in cash shall be released and discharged.
Traveloka shall not be responsible and liable for any refund failures due to any undue delay on your part or your failure to promptly provide the necessary cooperation to Traveloka to process the refund application within the stipulated validity period.
Payments, either in whole or any part, by any payment methods under any Promotion shall be non-refundable, unless otherwise expressly specified in a separate term of such Promotion.
In any event resulting in your paid booking failing to be issued, we may cancel your booking and make an automatic refund for the payment you have made, where such refund will be made to the original payment method or by transferring the funds to your Designated Bank Account (see also Section 6.4).
USER ACCOUNT
Although we may allow you to make a booking, reservation, or purchase of certain Products on the Site without having any account with us or logging into the Site, we recommend that you create an account and log into the Site before making any transaction for better user experience, convenience and access to full features available on the Site. You agree to provide us with true, updated and complete information during your registration and throughout your account maintenance with us. Please refer to our
Privacy Notice
on how we collect and process your personal data for your account registration purpose in accordance with our know-your-customer (“
KYC
”) process. To the extent permitted by the applicable laws, Traveloka may at our sole discretion refuse your account registration. We encourage you
to maintain all registered communication channels (including your email, phone number (including all associated communication channels linked to those numbers or emails), device push notifications, and in-app myinbox) and ensure that those communication channels are active and accessible to ensure that you receive important notifications regarding your account activity. We shall not be liable for any loss or damage that you may suffer due to any missed communications that have been sent to you.
You cannot assign or transfer your account to any person. You must ensure that only you can use your account and you represent and warrant that you will not authorize any other person to use your credentials or your account for any reason, unless permitted by Traveloka.
You are responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of your account’s username, password and any identification associated with your account credentials (such as email and phone number) and ensuring that it remains under your control and that appropriate precautions are taken to prevent unauthorized access, including using strong passwords and enabling available security features such as two-step verification or third-party authentication systems.
We encourage you to report any suspected unauthorized use and access to or security breach to your account. If we receive a notification of a possible unauthorized access or similar issue, we will initiate a review process of the alleged incident to assess the issue and determine the verity of such claim. This process may include verifying your account activity, identification of potential security breaches, and assessing whether any unauthorized access has occurred due to vulnerabilities on our end.
If our review determines that the unauthorized use or access did not result from a failure or security lapse on our systems, infrastructure or services, Traveloka shall not assume liability for security incidents caused by your compromised user credentials, insufficient security measures on the user’s end, or third-party actions beyond our control.
You acknowledge that emails or phone numbers may be recycled by email and/or mobile carriers and agree that we shall not be liable for any access, loss, or misuse of an account resulting from such reassignment of ownerships. If your registered emails or phone numbers are deactivated or you change your registered emails or phone numbers, you must update your account information immediately. If you become aware that your emails or phone numbers have been reassigned and are linked to an account that is not yours, you must notify us promptly so we can take appropriate actions.
SUSPENSION OF SERVICE AND DELETION OR DEACTIVATION OF USER ACCOUNT
We are committed to safeguarding the security of user accounts and protecting them from unauthorized access, data breaches and other security threats. In the event of any suspected compromise, unauthorized disclosure or security risk affecting user credentials, we reserve the right to take proactive measures to protect accounts and personal data. These measures may include, but are not limited to, resetting passwords, temporarily deactivating or suspending access, limiting certain activities or requiring additional verification steps to ensure the rightful owner maintains control over their account.
Actions in regards to Section 8.1 may be taken at our sole discretion, without prior notice, when deemed necessary to prevent harm or if we find or reasonably believe that you:
have breached these Terms;
have not complied with specific Product Terms;
violate any applicable laws;
misuse, engage in fraudulent or improper activity for other purposes or benefits other than the objective of the Site and Services provided by us;
engage in unlawful or unethical behaviors either directly benefiting through the system bugs or by deploying third-party plug-ins, or in any manners whatsoever do not follow the rules set out in the relevant terms of the Products properly;
conduct or are involved in any criminal or illegal activities;
act in inappropriate behavior, threaten, insult, post any improper content, or refuse to cooperate with us in relation to your use of the Site, Products or Services; or
are listed on any “blacklists” or “watchlists” published by governments or international organizations or subject to any international sanction program or economic restriction.
In any of the following cases, we may, at our sole discretion, immediately delete or deactivate your user account and permanently prevent you from using our Site and Services, if we are of our view that such action may impact the Services, operation of the Site, Products offered by Suppliers or our reputation or our business operation:
you materially commit, breach or violate any of the activities listed under Section 8.1 (Suspension of Service and Deletion or Deactivation of User Account);
you have not rectified your breach of these Terms or complied with our instruction or request in relation to the examination process during the suspension period; or
you used to be suspended or blocked by us under Section 8.1 (Suspension of Service and Deletion or Deactivation of User Account) and repeatedly commit any of the foregoing activities regardless of whether such action falls under the same or different list of prohibited activities, or we have repeatedly been unable to collect your payments under Section 2.6 (Booking and Transaction on the Site) due to your fault, intentionally or negligently.
Subject to Section 2.6 (Booking and Transaction on the Site), the foregoing suspension, blockage, deletion, or deactivation of your account will not affect your Confirmed Bookings made before we suspend, block, delete or deactivate your account. You will still be able to access your Confirmed Booking, including any correspondences relating to your account prior to its suspension, blockage, deletion, or deactivation. Nonetheless, your account suspension, blockage, deletion, or deactivation may affect other details associated with your account, including but not limited to your Traveloka Points, Traveloka Priority, coupons, gamification, leaderboard, referral, or other details as may be made available for you when your account was still active.
During the suspension of our Service or blockage of your user account or after your account is deleted or deactivated, you shall not create another account, and you shall not transact on the Site. If we detect or suspect your attempt to do so or find any bookings under your name or your contact detail, we reserve the right to cancel any Confirmed Booking you make during such suspension or after your account is deleted or deactivated and forfeit any outstanding refund that we may obtain from a Supplier. You will be fully liable for any loss or damage resulting from the foregoing cause and suffered by us.
PAYMENT
To the extent permitted by applicable laws, payments of your booking, reservation or purchase of the Product(s) and any associated fees on the Site shall be made, transferred or deposited directly to the bank accounts designated by Traveloka, our available payment channels, or other alternative payment methods available on the Site (including gift voucher (see 9.8 below), discount code, coupon, or other point redemption method) in the currency as shown on the Site. You shall ensure that you proceed with the amount of payment accurately (including accurate decimal numbers or any unique number identifiers) in accordance with our instructions and directions. Your booking, reservation or purchase will not be complete and successful if you have not proceeded with the accurate amount through our available payment channels as instructed and directed by us. Traveloka shall not be responsible for any unsuccessful or pending transactions based on the user’s failed, delayed or unverified payments.
In consideration of facilitating your booking, we may, to the extent permitted by law, at the same time of your payment under Section 9.1 (Payment) above, charge additional fees (including those arising from cross-border transactions), convenience fee, facilitation fee, and other types of service fees on top of your payment to us. All transactions and fees shall be subject to the tax terms in Section 10 (Taxes). To the extent permitted by the applicable laws, such taxes and fees are non-refundable.
You must make payment of a Product within the specified time limit. If you fail to make an accurate amount of payment within the time limit, your booking, reservation or purchase shall be automatically canceled.
In case of an error pertaining to payment or your booking transaction due to no fault of Traveloka, you shall promptly notify our Customer Service or make a request through our applicable feature on the Site to obtain assistance. We may request certain information about you, your booking and proof of payment in order to verify your payment and address to you of the associated issue including advising you of any action which may be required from your end to resolve the issue of your unconfirmed booking. After we conduct the foregoing verification and agree to return the erroneous amount paid by you, we will return you the paid amount in accordance with the criteria, method and timeframe specified under Section 6.4 (Cancellations, Changes, Refunds and Additional Charges). Traveloka may have the right
to
set-off or deduct certain fees (including applicable interchangeable fees, merchant charges, bank fees and other service fees) incurred from the applicable reversed payment process. Traveloka shall not be liable for any loss or damage suffered by you or any third party as a result of any delay or failure to comply with the foregoing obligation, and you agree not to pursue any claim against us for the same.
If you select credit, debit or virtual card as the method of payment on the Site, you represent that you have fully understood, complied with and bound by the terms and conditions issued by the issuing bank or card issuing company and card network rules including fraud, reversed payment, chargeback and the procedures you must follow if there is any fraud or unauthorized use of your card. You shall be solely responsible for any loss or damage that occurred from such fraud or unauthorized use of your card by any person. Traveloka shall have no liability or responsibility as a result of the foregoing.
We use encryption technology such as Transport Layer Security (“
TLS
”) or Secure Sockets Layer (“
SSL
”) to ensure the integrity of your information.
In certain cases, we may require additional information or verification to validate and confirm the booking, which we shall expressly notify you on the Site or through verified communication channels that you have provided to us. A booking, reservation or purchase is not and shall not be confirmed until you have received a confirmation email with the Confirmed Booking (including an electronic ticket or voucher). Certain Suppliers may implement fraud examination mechanisms during the booking process in accordance with the know-your-customer process in which you must provide additional requested information. If fraud occurs or is determined to occur, then the booking will be void and canceled. Traveloka shall not bear any responsibility for such cancellations by the Supplier. If you choose not to submit additional information, your booking will be automatically canceled.
In some countries, you are able to complete your transaction by using gift vouchers issued by us. Further information as well as terms and conditions for the use of gift vouchers is available
here
.
We may assist with collection and/or payment from you on behalf of the Supplier but shall not be considered a party of the agreement/arrangement between the Supplier and you.
TAXES
As platform operator or intermediary, Traveloka shall act as a service provider under these Terms and not as a legal representative of the Supplier for any purpose whatsoever. Nothing in these Terms shall imply or be construed to mean that Traveloka acts or operates as a principal, merchant, or (re)seller of the Supplier’s services to you, unless we explicitly mention that a Product is operated and provided by Traveloka.
Any fees chargeable by Traveloka to you, including but not limited to any fees that you may have incurred pursuant to Section 9 (Payment), shall be inclusive of GST, VAT, sales tax, service tax, consumption tax, levies, withholding tax, digital or electronic transaction tax, or taxes of a similar nature (Transaction Tax) that we are legally obligated to collect and pay to the appropriate taxing authorities.
You shall be responsible for all taxes, charges, fees, duties and assessments arising out of the use of this Site. In the event that a government-imposed tax or Transaction Tax is added or increased after your booking of Travel Products, you agree to pay the new or higher government-imposed tax or Transaction Tax, unless prohibited by law.
Where Traveloka acts as an independent contractor, Taxes and fees as displayed in the Site are determined and charged by the Supplier to you and Traveloka does not determine the tax rates or the relevancy of the taxes charged. These taxes and fees are paid in whole to the Supplier on your behalf and Traveloka does not remit these taxes and fees directly to the taxing authorities, unless legally required by law. To the extent that the Taxes and fees collected by Traveloka is an estimate, and the final amount paid to the Supplier differs, the difference between these amounts is a service fee that Traveloka retains as part of the booking.
To the extent required by applicable law, Supplier shall issue a valid tax invoice to you in accordance with the applicable law.
LOYALTY PROGRAM
To facilitate your booking, you may earn these benefits as part of the Traveloka loyalty program:
Traveloka Points: You may earn Traveloka Points after you complete and pay your booking transactions on Traveloka, use of cashback coupons, bonuses, participation of certain Activities or any other transaction designated by us, from time to time, on the Site.
You can find further information and the relevant terms and conditions for Traveloka Points
here
.
Traveloka Priority Program: Where we offer Traveloka Priority loyalty program, you are able to enjoy certain exclusive perks and services based on your priority tier level.
You can find further information and the relevant terms and conditions of Traveloka Priority, including how to increase your tier level
here
.
You cannot repeatedly use your mobile phone number, email address or other linked accounts which you have registered with us to create additional user accounts on the Site or participate and be eligible for Traveloka Points and the Priority Program.
RIGHTS TO USER CONTENTS
By
completing
a booking and/or utilizing the services of the respective Suppliers, you acknowledge that you may receive an email invitation to participate in surveys, reviews or content reviews in relation to our Site and Services provided by us, the selection of Suppliers and services you experienced, which you may decide to provide us your review at any time of your convenience. Participation in surveys is optional and you have the flexibility to manage your preferences and opt-in or out of survey invitations at any time via the Site.
Traveloka shall, at its sole discretion, determine whether your review will appear on the Site and may, under certain circumstances, adjust the review in the interests of clarity and legibility, without any responsibility or liability to you. We will initially screen, filter and detect the content of your review by using potential keywords through our algorithmic system and by having our staff consider the checklist under Section 12.2 (Rights to User Contents) to prevent any improper or illegal content on the Site. Traveloka can display the review and any adjustment, which may contain comments, your experience and your name.
You agree to be solely liable for any reviews, photos, videos or other types of materials published, uploaded or submitted by you on the Site including but not limited to your review under Section 12.1 (Rights to User Contents) and user-generated contents such as contents posted on Traveloka Explore feature (“
Content
”), when applicable. By submitting such Content, you represent that:
you own and control all of the rights to and of the Content that you provide, post or publish on the Site;
you grant us a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide, sub-licensable and transferable license to use your Content, including all intellectual property rights contained therein, in connection with our business operations including the operation and management of the Site;
the information included in the Content is accurate and contains no misrepresentations;
the Content shall be provided in neutral language and shall not contain elements which are in any way that is pornographic, offensive, politically endorsing, racist, ethnically offensive, sexually explicit, immoral, defamatory, intrusive of privacy or illegal; or in a manner which endorses violence or acts of terrorism, adult entertainment services or venues, tobacco products, medical products for treating health issues related to sex, mental condition or terminal illness, dating websites or apps, is discriminatory towards race, gender, religion or faith;
the use or performance or transmission of the Content does not violate these Terms or applicable laws and regulations, you are not violating any third party’s rights, and you are not causing damage to any party; and
you have read, agreed to be bound for and complied with our Community Guideline available
here
when using the Traveloka Explore.
You must bear all responsibility for the Content of the reviews that you provide or submit to us.
The Content provided by you will be deemed not to contain confidential information and Traveloka shall have no obligation to treat any Content as confidential information. If your Content includes other person’s personal data, you are responsible for obtaining their express written approval before submitting the Content to us. Without limiting the other provisions contained in these Terms, Traveloka has sole discretion to use reviews as deemed appropriate including but not limited to removing, deleting, amending, revising or otherwise editing the Content. Traveloka shall have no obligation to pay for the Content and any amendment thereof.
In any case, you hereby agree that with respect to the Content:
you do not require any attribution or identification on any derivative works;
you consent that all Content submitted to Traveloka may be used by Traveloka and its employees, successors, and transfer recipients in any way, at any time, including but not limited for commercial purposes. This includes but is not limited to publishing and reproduction of the Content; and
you hereby waive all rights and agree not to claim any rights in any Content, including but not limited to moral and economic rights.
If any dispute arises, or any claim is submitted or proceeded against Traveloka arising from or relating to the Content that you upload on the Site, or from your failure to comply with this Section 12 (Rights to User Contents), you will be liable to cover any losses or damages incurred by Traveloka, including but not limited to, payment of any compensation to any third party, reasonable legal costs incurred, and any other costs or fees that may arise.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
All intellectual property rights including but not limited to copyright, patents, domain names, trademarks, service marks, logos, symbols or other designs, software, text, data, graphics, images, sounds, videos, icons, html codes and other codes, contained in any content or on the Site (“
Traveloka Intellectual Property Rights
”) are owned by or licensed to Traveloka and its affiliated companies. We do not, have not and will not grant you a license or any rights, implied or otherwise, to copy, duplicate, use, possess, distribute or modify any of Traveloka Intellectual Property Rights. You are not permitted to publish, modify, copy, reproduce, duplicate, alter or use in any way of Traveloka Intellectual Property Rights without express written approval from Traveloka. If you infringe any of Traveloka Intellectual Property Rights, Traveloka reserves the right to proceed with any applicable legal action, including civil, criminal or administrative action, or a combination of all, against you and claim for the maximum amount of damages or losses suffered by us.
Traveloka in making the Site, preparing the source code and performing software support, can license the use of open-sourced software from third parties through the GNU General Public License (“
GPL
”). Any use by Traveloka of open-sourced software and the Intellectual Property Rights of a third party is with the necessary licenses or permits.
We do not grant you any other rights or licenses with respect to the use of the Site; rights or licenses not expressly granted, are reserved by Traveloka or other third-party owners of such license. Any content available on the Site, including any information, data, text, images, sound, graphics, video, messages,
reviews
, or other materials, including the software infrastructure used to provide any content (“
Material
”), is wholly owned by or licensed to Traveloka, Suppliers, or Sponsor (as the case may be). To enable you to receive the Services provided by us on the Site, Traveloka hereby grants the user certain limited rights, which cannot be transferred or assigned to any person, to access and use the Site to the extent expressly permitted by these Terms. You hereby guarantee that you will be liable for damages if you submit any false claim of intellectual property infringement.
You
agree not to use the Site or the Material for commercial purposes or either directly or indirectly for the purchase other than personal use (except where you have separate written agreements for any forward distribution and/or marketing cooperation with Traveloka) or for unlawful purposes or do any acts that breach these Terms. Except with the written consent of Traveloka, you agree not to modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative creations from, transfer, sell or re-sell any information, software, products or services obtained in connection with the Site. In addition, you agree not to:
use the Site or the Material for commercial purposes without permission from Traveloka;
access, monitor or copy any Material on the Site using technology, software, or any program either manually or automatically for any purpose without written permission from Traveloka;
perform any action that imposes or may impose, an unreasonable burden on the Site or any infrastructure or system of the Site;
make a major link to the Site (including but not limited to the booking path) for any purpose without written consent from Traveloka;
resell, use, copy, perform surveillance (such as using or installing spider or scrape programs), display, download or perform any Material production, software, products, services available through the Site for commercial purposes or objectives/activities of competition;
reproduce the Site (through a “frame” or “mirror”) or set up a part of the Site on any other website without prior written consent;
send or store any material to or through the Site that violates any law, regulation, or rules, or which can support unlawful or criminal activities;
send or store any material to or through the Site (including providing any links to other material) which is defamatory, slanderous, false, obscene, threatening, libelous or otherwise unlawful or tortious;
send spam or other unsolicited messages or otherwise cause nuisance, annoyance or inconvenience to or through the Site;
send or store any material to or through the Site that may infringe any intellectual property rights;
send or store any material to or through the Site where prohibited by applicable law or violate the rights and obligations that exist based on the contractual relationship;
send or store to or through the Site any material containing software viruses, worms, trojan horses or other harmful computer code;
imitate any person or entity to or through the Site for any purposes;
manipulate or falsify information to or through the Site with the aim to disguise the origin of statements provided;
use the Site in any manner which could damage, disable, obstruct, or interfere with the use of the Site or other users of computer equipment, or cause damage, disruption or limit the functionality of the software, hardware or telecommunications equipment;
gain unauthorized access or perform unauthorized modification to the Site or other related websites, other accounts, computer systems, networks connected to the Site through hacking, password theft or other similar matters;
obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information by ways that are not intentionally supplied by the Site (including but not limited to other destinations provided by the Site) which includes but is not limited to, obtaining or collecting information about others such as email addresses;
use or target the Site to engage in fraudulent acts or actions that aim to manipulate a search engine results page (“
SERP
”) or perform search engine optimization (“
SEO
”) - SEO practices considered unethical or to constitute “spamdexing” include but are not limited to cloaking, metadata, title tags, content scraping, link schemes, google bomb, search keywords, hidden text or hidden links, comments containing spam and other matters;
any other action which may adversely affect or result in damage to the Site, Traveloka or its affiliates and employees, or Traveloka’s reputation;
modify or make derivative works based on the Site, Products and Services, or reverse engineer or access the underlying software for any reason; or
use the Site (whether in whole or in part) to build a similar and/or competitive product or service.
YOUR REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
When you use our Site, Products and Services, you represent and warrant that:
you have met our age requirement and have full legal capability to make any booking on the Site and perform your obligation relating to the respective transaction;
you are not listed under any blacklist or watchlist published by any government or organization, subject to any international sanction or trade restriction, or subject to sanctions or penalties under any applicable laws in relation to anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing;
you are not in violation of any applicable laws in relation to anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing and will not access the Site or use the Services or Products for any action that will violate any applicable laws in relation to anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing;
the payment that you use on the Site for any booking for our Products or Services is your own or that you have been authorized to complete a booking, and there are sufficient funds in such payment account to proceed with a booking;
any information given by you on the Site for the purpose of account registration, booking of any Products or Services, participation of any available Promotion on the Site are true, accurate and complete, and such given information fully complies with the terms specified by us, Suppliers and/or Sponsor;
your use of the Site does not violate any rights of third parties, if any; and
you will inform such other persons about the terms and conditions that apply to the reservations you have made on their behalf, including all rules and restrictions applicable thereto.
OUR REASONABLE EFFORTS
We take care to ensure that Our Site and Services remain fully functional. We may necessarily close or temporarily suspend all or any part of the Site or our Services for various purposes that Traveloka deems appropriate, including but not limited to the purposes of reparation, maintenance or development of systems. During such closure or suspension, you may experience interruption from your access and use of the Site and the Services.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
You hereby declare to and agree that, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law:
The Site, Products, Services and Materials on the Site are provided on an “
as is
” and “
as available
” basis. We do not make any kind of guarantee or warranty, whether express or implied, including with respect to the merchantability of such Products, or suitability of such Products or Services displayed, offered or provided for a particular purpose and against non-infringement where applicable.
We do not guarantee that: (a) the functions, our Service, and features provided on the Site will be uninterrupted or free from error, (b) errors or failure will be timely repaired, or (c) the Site or any system that we use to provide our Services are free from viruses, malware or harmful components.
We do not warrant the accuracy, authenticity, integrity or quality of the content, Sites or resources available on the Site including, but not limited to, any guarantee that the content, Sites or resources are free from sourced materials that are malicious, indecent, or controversial.
We do not guarantee or warrant that you will be granted valid travel permits applicable to you. We do not have any responsibility to notify you or indemnify you in the event that you suffer losses or damages relating to your lack of visa or travel permits (including, but not limited to, denied boarding, refusal of entry, or deportation).
Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the Site is at your sole responsibility and risk. You voluntarily assume such risk, and you will be fully responsible for any loss or damage arising out of or in relation to such material, including any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from downloading any materials provided on the Site.
We shall not be liable for any losses or damages, whether direct or indirect, resulting from or connected to your use of the Site or use of the links on the site, including but not limited to special, incidental, punitive or consequential damages or other economic loss, even if we have been advised of the possibility of loss or damage that may occur.
In principle, the liability related to the use and enjoyment of the Product (such as but not limited to refund, and compensation for redemption issues) shall remain on the relevant Suppliers. In some exceptional cases where we are required by the laws to compensate you (on our or our Suppliers’ behalf), you agree that our maximum liability to you shall not exceed the amount that you actually pay for the relevant Products.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Traveloka, its Supplier, Sponsor, employees, affiliates, staff and partners, from and against any and all claims, demands, liability, damage or loss including legal fees and expenses, which arise as a result of claims of third-parties (“
Third-Party Claim
”) in connection with:
your access, use or transaction made on the Site;
your use of our Services;
infringement or misappropriation of the right of a third party including Intellectual Property Rights and any other rights;
your breach of the Terms or violation of any applicable laws; and
any act or omission by you, intentionally or negligently, unlawful or otherwise.
We may, at our sole discretion, participate in any claim, action, negotiation or settlement of a matter arising out of or in connection with the Third-Party Claim. You shall not make any settlement or proceed with any action which may adversely affect our rights and obligations, unless we expressly approve or consent to such settlement and action. We reserve our right to assume exclusive defense and control over such Third-Party Claim at our expense and upon notice given to you.
PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION
The Privacy Notice is an integral part of these Terms. Please click
here
to review our Privacy Notice, which also governs your use of the Site, to understand our practices.
GOVERNING LAW
Unless stated otherwise, these Terms (and any and all disputes arising out of or in connection with these Terms (including any alleged breach or challenge to the validity or enforceability of these Terms)) shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Singapore.
COUNTRY SPECIFIC TERMS
Australia
If the Australian Consumer Law applies to you, you have certain rights which cannot be restricted, modified or excluded by these terms and conditions, or the terms and conditions of our partners and suppliers, including anything that may be considered a consumer guarantee. For more information, you can access the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission’s website
here
.
Guests staying in short-term rental accommodations in New South Wales must comply with the NSW Code of Conduct for the Short-Term Rental Accommodation Industry (the “
NSW Code
”), that can be accessed
here
. You are required to adhere to responsibilities detailed in Section 2.5 of the NSW Code, which include respecting property rules, maintaining reasonable behavior, and ensuring the accommodation is left in good condition. Both hosts and guests should also familiarize themselves with the complaint resolution process outlined in Section 3 of the NSW Code. For further understanding, all relevant terms and definitions are provided in Part C of the Code. Compliance by both hosts and guests is essential to ensure a positive experience for all involved. Both hosts and guests can refer to Section 3 of the NSW Code to lodge a complaint with the Commissioner for Fair Trading.
We do not hold an Australian Financial Services Licence (“
AFSL
”) and are not authorised to provide any financial advice or arrange any financial products, including insurance. Any insurance products made available on our platform are offered in cooperation with licensed insurers holding appropriate AFSLs.
Indonesia
Financial Services - TPayLater and Other Financing Services
(i) TPayLater, a
buy now pay later
financing option that is available on our Platform, and (ii) other financing-related services, are also governed by the Terms and Conditions pertaining thereto available
here
.
If you are a TPayLater user:
Any refunds and/or cancellations may not automatically result in the full settlement of any outstanding dues that may arise as a result of your use of TPaylater. Settlement of any outstanding TPayLater dues will be settled pursuant to the terms of the applicable financing agreement, including but not limited to any payment of interest fees.
If you still have ongoing obligations or dues related to your TPayLater, the suspension, removal, or deactivation of your Traveloka account shall not impact your obligation to pay any outstanding indebtedness including principal amount, interest, default interest and/or any other charges under the terms of TPayLater and/or any relevant financing agreement. You acknowledge and agree that you shall be bound by the terms of TPayLater and/or any relevant financing agreement, unless and until you are released and discharged in accordance with such terms.
You must repay the principal amount or installments, and interest within the schedule of repayment agreed by you. Your repayment obligation shall be accelerated and we, in coordination with the provider of financing, shall be entitled to, subject to the terms of TPayLater and any relevant financing agreement: (a) charge default interest or late fine (as applicable) on the outstanding indebtedness from the date you fail to repay us until the date we receive the outstanding repayments (including principal amount, interest, default interest or late fine and other charges (if any) in full, and/or (b) implement collection effort (carried out pursuant to prevailing laws and regulations) and/or (c) reduce your credit quality/score that is maintained by the relevant government agency.
Financial Services - TravelokaPay
TravelokaPay, an e-wallet service that is available on our Platform is also governed by the TravelokaPay Terms and Conditions available
here
.
Malaysia
We are an insurance agent registered in Malaysia and are not licensed to advise on other Financial Services.
Singapore
We are registered and licensed as an insurance agent to engage in travel agents insurance business in Singapore.
Thailand
Suspension of Service and Deletion or Deactivation of User Account
In case we exercise our discretion to suspend or temporarily block your account and prevent you from using and transacting on the Site under Section 8.1 (Suspension of Service and Deletion or Deactivation of User Account) of these Terms, we will promptly notify you in writing on the Site, by email or to your mobile phone number, on or before we suspend providing you our service on the Site or temporarily block your user account, the reason associated with the suspension or blockage of your user account including your breach of these Terms. After you receive our notice, you may, within 7 (seven) working days make any clarification to us of the incidents and/or rectify such breach, behavior or non-compliance through any contact channel designated under Section 20.5(3)a below. We will undertake proper examination of the incidents, or request additional facts and information, and get back to you of any suggestion, instruction and/or revocation of the suspension or blockage within the timeframe specified under Section 20.5(3)b below.
If we revoke the foregoing suspension or blockage of your user account, you will be able to resume using your account, our Services and transacting on the Site within 7 (seven) working days.
In case we exercise our discretion to delete or deactivate your user account and permanently prevent you from using the Site or Services under Section 8.2 (Suspension of Service and Deletion or Deactivation of User Account), we will promptly notify you in writing on the Site, by email or to your mobile phone number. After your account is deleted or de-activated, you may within 7 (seven) working days make any clarification to us of the incidents and/or rectify such breach, behavior or non-compliance through any contact channel designated under Section 20.5(3)a below. We will undertake a proper examination of the incidents, or request additional facts and information, and get back to you of any suggestion, instruction and/or revocation of account termination within the timeframe specified under Section 20.5(3)b below.
If we revoke the foregoing termination of your user account, you will be able to resume using your account, our Services and transacting on the Site within 7 (seven) working days.
Our Reasonable Efforts
In addition to Section 15 (Our Reasonable Efforts), we will use our best efforts to notify you of the following scenarios:
In case of pre-scheduled closure or suspension, we will notify you in advance before the scheduled closure or suspension of the Site or interruption of our Services, the expected period and reasons for such closure or suspension; and
In case of urgency or any cases other than as referred to in Section 20.5(2)a above, we will promptly notify you after closure or suspension of the details and reasons and expected period that the closure or suspension will be undertaken.
Complaint Management
If you have any complaint, request, suffer from the use of our Services or services provided by the Suppliers, need assistance from us or would like to contact us on any other matters either under these Terms or relating to our Site and/or Services (“
Issue
”), please contact us via any of the following channels:
Message inbox on the Site (website or Traveloka application);
Call center at +662-079-6129; or
Email at
cs@traveloka.com
.
Upon receipt of an Issue submitted under Section 20.5(3)a above, we will further proceed as follows:
We will publish the reference number of the Issue that you raised and cooperate with our responsible business units relevant to your Issue for tracking purposes.
The responsible business unit will examine the facts and supporting evidence of the Issue and/or contact the Suppliers in case the Issue is related to the services performed or to be performed by the Suppliers.
After we complete our internal examination and/or receive a response from the Suppliers, we will promptly get back to you via the communication channel through which you contacted us.
Generally, we will respond to you within 24 (twenty-four) hours from the time you first contact us. You acknowledge that our response or suggestion within the foregoing period may relay only preliminary information to resolve your Issue. We may take longer time to assist you depending on the period which a Supplier and/or Traveloka (as the case may be) may undertake to consider and resolve the Issue, but in any case, we will use as the case our best effort to manage and resolve your Issue within 90 (ninety) days from the date you first contact us.
In case we fail to assist you with the Issue under Section 20.5(3)a and 20.5(3)b above, or in the event of a dispute arising out of or in connection with these Terms, you agree that the dispute resolution under Section 21 (Dispute Resolution) will be applied to the unresolved Issue.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION
In the event of a dispute arising out of or in connection with these Terms, both parties shall first discuss in good faith to reach an amicable resolution within 60 (sixty) days from the date of the notice of dispute. However, if such dispute may not be settled by mutual consultation within 60 (sixty) days, it shall be referred to mediation at the Singapore Mediation Centre in accordance with the Mediation Procedure. If the dispute remains unresolved after parties’ mediation in good faith, the parties agree that the courts of the Republic of Singapore have non-exclusive jurisdiction. If you are a consumer and resident of a country other than the Republic of Singapore, you and we may also bring proceedings in that other country.
FORCE MAJEURE
Traveloka shall not be liable for any non-performance or violation of these Terms, such as for transaction failure, restricted access to the Site, or any damage or harm to users caused by any act or condition beyond the reasonable control of either you or us (“
Force Majeure Event
”). Force Majeure Events include but are not limited to natural disasters (floods, earthquakes), epidemics, pandemics, health hazards causing restriction to travel or movement, riots, a declaration of war, war, military action, terrorist action, embargo, sanctions, changes in laws or regulations, lightning, hurricanes/typhoons/cyclones, labor strikes, demonstrations, Suppliers’ bankruptcy or insolvency, and cyber-attacks.
Traveloka shall not be responsible for any damage or loss caused by any means to any party due to the Force Majeure Event.
TERMS OF SPECIFIC PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
In addition to these Terms, certain Products offered on the Site may be subject to their specific terms and conditions under this Section 23 (Terms of Specific Products and Services) which you must read, understand and accept before you make a booking, reservation or purchase of specific Products on the Site. If there is any inconsistency of the terms under this Section 23 and other provisions of the Terms, this Section 23 shall supersede. Aside from the terms and conditions specified in this Section 23, you shall also be bound by the terms and conditions of the specific products that you purchase, where such terms and conditions are made available to you when you make your booking.
Flight
You agree to be bound by the terms of the airline(s) that issued the tickets for your flight under the Confirmed Booking. You are fully aware that such terms may include restrictions in relation to payment, cancellation, reschedule, change, refund and other fare conditions. Some airlines may prohibit “point-beyond”, “hidden-city” or “back-to-back” tickets and other bookings which include segments which you do not intend to use, use flight tickets out of sequence, or intend to travel only one-way. In any case of the foregoing, your tickets will be automatically canceled due to certain airline’s policies (including checked-in but no-show, failure to cancel the tickets within the deadline before departure, etc.). If your ticket(s) are canceled due to the foregoing, you may not be refunded, either in full or partially, by the airline and/or Traveloka for any unused tickets. The airline may additionally charge you no-show fees, or other types of fees if you wish to validate your canceled ticket, specifically the returned ticket.
If you purchase various one-way tickets rather than single round-trip tickets, you must separately make bookings of each one-way ticket and proceed with the payment each time on the Site. Each booking that you make may be subject to different sets of terms and conditions published by an airline. Any treatment and utilization of a ticket will not affect the other ticket.
We will inform you on the Site while you are searching for the tickets if an airline has code-share agreement with other airlines or if an airline does not provide certain flight subclasses/categories for certain flight routes, i.e. you may purchase a ticket from a ticketing airline and will actually travel on a carrier operated by another airline, or you may purchase a ticket of a certain flight category/subclass for the full journey but the partnering airline or a particular flight does not offer the same flight category/subclass on all flights of your trip, i.e. refundable or cancellation benefits differ or there are no premium class offerings. If you choose to purchase such a flight, you shall be deemed to agree on the service provided by the ticketing airline and the operating airline that you have chosen.
In some cases, you may need to connect with other transportation methods (e.g., buses or trains) as part of a Flight ticket, provided by third-party providers. You acknowledge that these services are operated by third parties, and their schedules, policies, terms, and conditions may change at any time as determined by these providers. It is solely your responsibility to review and comply with the policies of these transportation providers.
You acknowledge that your Flight ticket may be issued under a different Passenger Number Record (“
PNR
”) within a single booking ID of the Confirmed Booking. It is solely your responsibility to review the Flight ticket policy and rules before completing the booking.
You acknowledge that the airlines may reschedule or cancel your flight in accordance with their respective terms and conditions. Subject to Section 6.2 (Cancellations, Changes, Refunds and Additional Charges), we shall be of assistance to communicate any issue, request or complaint with the respective airline according to your booking ID and PNR. The airlines shall, at their absolute discretion, make any final decision on any matter that we, on your behalf, escalate to the airlines. We shall not be responsible or liable to you for any matters that the airlines have not instructed us to do so. You are responsible to review the applicable flight ticket policies, including refund and reschedule terms, as determined by the relevant airlines. For more details on how to reschedule on our Site, please click
here
. To find out more about submitting a refund request on our Site, please click
here
.
The ticket(s) you purchased will include airport tax, any other taxes and fees charged by an airline or government (if any). You acknowledge that these taxes and fees are non-refundable, unless otherwise expressly specified by the applicable laws, regulations or rules stipulated by the government authority or respective airlines.
We will use our commercially reasonable effort to make available the ancillary and add-on services provided by each airline and/or a variety of subclasses offered by each airline at the time of your purchase on the Site or after your booking is confirmed. You may be charged certain fees for the additional services available on the Site. Such additional fees shall be addressed to you at the time you make a payment for the booking or purchase such ancillary and add-on services.
In the event that you: (i) did not use the Flight ticket included in your Confirmed Booking; (ii) did not arrive at the boarding gate on time; and (iii) the Flight has not been canceled by the airline or us, nor have you requested a cancellation, your Flight Booking will be classified as a “
No-Show
”, and the relevant airline’s No-Show policy shall apply.
By purchasing or confirming a booking for a Flight ticket through our Site, you grant us the authorization to request and collect, on your behalf, any eligible refund associated with a No-Show Flight ticket. This authorization will take effect after the scheduled departure date when the Flight ticket is classified as a No-Show. Should we successfully obtain a refund from the airline for the No-Show ticket, the refunded amount will be held by us until you request its release through our Site or contact our Customer Service. You acknowledge that the processing of these No-Show refunds shall be subject to Traveloka's applicable refund handling fees, and additional airline-imposed fees may apply. You agree that any amount held will not accrue any interest or other financial accruals under any circumstances.
Accommodation
Display prices shown on the Site are generally quoted for the room rate per night and/or basic service provided by a Supplier, and include any additional service charges and applicable taxes determined and charged by the Supplier, and subject to Section 10 (Taxes) (unless otherwise stipulated under the Supplier’s policies). You may be obliged to pay extra for additional services you receive at the Supplier’s Accommodation during your stay, or service fees or taxes, whichever is applicable in accordance with the Supplier’s policies. You must read the terms and conditions of your selected Supplier to ensure the level of services you will receive during your stay. In certain accommodations, the Supplier will strictly only allow a limited number of persons to stay in a room in accordance with the booking or reservation that you make. You must ensure to book the correct number of rooms required to accommodate the number of guests who plan to stay at the accommodation.
In some jurisdictions, hotels may be required by law to directly collect occupancy tax or local city tax from the guests. Government authorities may also declare additional taxes and may require the hotel to collect such taxes directly. You agree to pay any and all of such taxes/costs to the hotel directly upon checkout, unless otherwise specified. To the extent permissible by law, we do not have the responsibility to inform you of any such taxes beforehand.
You may be provided with the option to pay for your booking on the Site (“
Pay Now
”) or directly at the Supplier’s accommodation/hotel (“
Pay at Hotel
”). Please check your Confirmed Booking and voucher and follow the instructions and direction contained therein.
Travel Activities
Display prices shown on the Site are subject to the price set by the respective Supplier (as applicable). You may be obliged to pay extra for additional services you receive at the Supplier’s venue, or service fees or taxes, whichever is applicable in accordance with the Supplier’s policies.
You must read the terms and conditions of your selected Supplier displayed on our Site to ensure the level of services you will receive. Your experience of the Travel Activities purchased on our Site are subject to the respective Product Terms and any additional changes and/or new terms and conditions of Product Terms determined by the Supplier.
The following shall apply for events (including but not limited to concerts and festivals):
Any changes to the event shall be the responsibility of and subject to the discretion of the event organizer. Changes may include, but not limited to, information regarding the services and facilities of the event, list of performers, event date and location, ticketing, ticket redemption information, event rundowns, seating plans, and other matters related to the event.
You acknowledge and agree that the event is fully organized and held by the respective organizer and we have no control over the event. We shall not be responsible for any accidents or other inconveniences that occur before, during, or after the event, where the accident or other inconvenience is caused by the organizer’s negligence or fault, including but not limited to inadequate installation, excess visitors, riots, inconvenient crowd control, or other occurrences that result in losses or damages suffered by you.
Financial Services
Insurance
We may, to the extent permitted by the applicable laws, advertise or market insurance products of certain third-party companies that provide insurance products on our Site either as an add-on or ancillary service to the Travel Products that you book or purchase or as a standalone product, which you will purchase directly from the selected insurance company.
By accessing the Site and purchasing insurance products on the Site, you acknowledge and understand that we do not underwrite, issue, or provide insurance policies, nor do we guarantee the performance of such insurance products. All insurance products made available on the Site are offered in cooperation with licensed insurers holding appropriate licenses from the relevant regulator in each respective jurisdiction.
Please refer to the respective terms and conditions of the insurance product which will be made available to you before you complete your booking on the Site.
Any activity related to insurance products including policy issuance, insurance agreement, insurance premium, insurance coverage, claim and your inquiries will be directly communicated to you and handled by the respective insurance company.
If your insurance application is accepted by the relevant insurance company partner(s), you will receive the insurance policy on your email in the form of electronic policy or any other means as may be notified by the relevant insurance company during your purchase.
Insurance claims shall be submitted directly by the insured person to the insurance company based on the terms and conditions of each product. To the extent permitted by applicable laws, Traveloka may only assist and connect you with the insurance company, but we do not have any authority to consider your claim submission, claim process, assessment, and result of your claim.
You agree to be bound by the specific terms and conditions of an insurance product offered by the insurance company and advertised and marketed by us on the Site.
In certain jurisdictions, we may offer other financial services such as payment initiation and/or acquiring services, financing or
buy now pay later
services. Please review Section 20 (Country Specific Terms) provided above.
Ground Transport
Display prices shown on the Site are subject to the price set by the respective Supplier (as applicable). You may be obliged to pay extra for additional services you receive from the Supplier, or service fees or taxes, whichever is applicable in accordance with the Supplier’s policies.
You must read the terms and conditions of your selected Supplier displayed on our Site. By confirming your booking on our Site, you agree to follow and be bound by the respective Product Terms, including any modifications or additional terms set by the Supplier.
Car Rental (Without Driver)
After booking a car rental (without driver) on our Site, you must complete the Supplier’s verification process, which may include a background check, document submission, and contact verification. The Supplier reserves the right to reject or cancel your booking if the verification process is not successfully completed or if, at their discretion, you do not pass the verification process. In such cases, your booking will be refunded, however, we are not responsible for any compensation. You acknowledge and agree that approval remains solely within the Supplier’s discretion, and any risk, liability, or consequence arising from the verification result shall be borne exclusively by you.
You are fully responsible for the vehicle during the rental period. Any loss or damage to the belongings during the trip, traffic fines, or accidents that result in vehicle or property damage, minor or serious injuries, or loss of life are your responsibility. We are not liable for any incidents that occur during your rental. However, we will do our best to assist you in communicating with the Supplier for resolution.
If an investigation determines that an accident was caused by a vehicle defect or failure to operate as per standard procedures, compensation will be decided by the relevant authorities or through mutual agreement between You and the Supplier.
Other Products
In certain jurisdictions, we may offer any of the Other Products as a bundled offering or as an add-on to our Travel Products. These Products are subject to their specific terms and conditions which you must read, understand, and accept before you make a booking, reservation, or purchase of specific Products on the Site.
CUSTOMER SERVICE AND FAQS
We publish frequently asked questions
here
to address your general and preliminary inquiries on the Site. If you have any further questions or need clarification to your issues relating to any use, transaction, booking, these Terms or the Site, or need specific assistance from us, please do not hesitate to contact our Customer Service.
If your questions or concerns pertain to the handling of your personal data, please contact us through
privacy@traveloka.com
.
MISCELLANEOUS
If you use the Site or book or purchase a Product for or on behalf of a third party, such as a family member or a traveling companion, you are responsible for any error in the accuracy of information provided in connection with such use. In addition, you must inform the third-party of these Terms and all applicable terms and conditions. When using the Site for or on behalf of a third party, you agree to indemnify and hold Traveloka harmless from and against any and all liabilities, losses, damages, suits and claims including legal fees, arising from or connected to the breach of these Terms or negligence by you and/or the third party.
These Terms are available in various languages. In case there are any inconsistencies or discrepancies between the English version and other translated versions, the English version shall prevail.
Headings in these Terms are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect its interpretation or construction.
In the event that any provision is determined to be unenforceable, illegal or invalid, such terms shall nonetheless be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and such determination shall not affect the validity, legality and enforceability of any other remaining provisions. The severed provision shall be replaced by a provision approximating as much as possible the original wording and intent. Our failure or delay in enforcing any provision of these Terms at any time does not waive our right to enforce the same or any other provision(s) hereof in the future.
Failure by either Party to enforce any provision of these Terms at any time shall not be construed as a waiver of each Party’s rights to enforce the breach of such provision or any other provision in these Terms or as a waiver of any continuing, succeeding or subsequent breach of any provision or other provisions of these Terms.
Unless expressly provided herein, a person who is not a party to these Terms has no right whatsoever to enforce or enjoy the benefit of any provision of these Terms.
Traveloka may give notice to or communicate with you by means of a general notice published on the Site or to your email address or other communication channels designated by you at the time of your booking or as set out in your account.
©
Traveloka