Terms of Use
Community rules
Dear fans, we at Tribuna, are happy to offer a platform for people to express their thoughts and emotions online. We care about our users and always try to maintain a friendly climate conducive to racial and gender equality and mutual respect. That being said, we ask you to respect your teammates and abide by the principles of our Community rules.

General rules
Tribuna.com users should act in a community-spirited way. It’s unacceptable to behave in an anti-social or hostile manner.

All the comments, chat messages and blog posts that you post via our apps or websites are your User Generated Content (UGC). All UGC you publish may be reviewed and deleted by staff members. Do not submit any content that you consider to be private or confidential. You are granting us a non-exclusive, permanent, irrevocable, unlimited license to use, publish, or re-publish your UGC in connection with the service. You retain copyright over the UGC.

You agree to not use Tribuna.com services to submit or link to any content which is defamatory, abusive, hateful, threatening, spam or spam-like, likely to offend, contains adult or objectionable content, contains personal information of others, risks copyright infringement, encourages unlawful activity, or otherwise violates any laws.

Prohibited content
The following is prohibited across the entire Tribuna.com website and other services. Please do not post it. If you see it, please report it.

Illegal content: UGC that contain, promote or link to illegal content.
Advocacy and hate speech: UGC that promote hatred towards a particular group (including content that incites hatred or promotes violence against individuals or groups based on race or ethnic origin, religion, disability, gender, age, veteran status or sexual orientation/gender identity), harassment, bullying or similar content that advocates harm against an individual or group.
Personal information: UGC that contain your personal information including phone numbers, addresses and banking information.
Spam: UGC that contain related or unrelated advertisements, links to malicious websites, and abusive or otherwise unwanted information. This also refers to:repeated same messages posted in several chats or under several posts in news feeds and blog feeds;messages which contain only emojis and other graphic symbols;messages written in a language which is not used on the app;messages written with spelling and syntax errors which prevent other users from understanding the meaning of the message.
Advertising compensation schemes: UGC that promote schemes that promise incentive to users who click ads, view webpages or similar activities.
UGC containing the following are not appropriate for Tribuna.com services: excessive profanity, violent or gruesome content, adult or mature content, copyright-protected material, drugs or drug paraphernalia.
Opposition Fans
All football fans are welcome on Tribuna.com. Once you engage in mature and sensible debates, you’ll be treated like any other member. However, if you are joining with the intent of ‘winding up’ our community, your user account will not last long.

Suspension of accounts
Should you do something to violate our guidelines, your account will be suspended temporarily or permanently, depending on the gravity of the violation. This will prevent you from creating blog posts, commenting and connecting with friends via our app or website. If you feel like your account has been suspended without a valid reason, please feel free to reach out to support.90live@tribuna.com and we will review your case.Please notice that suspension will not prevent you from using our app or visiting our website. Please refrain from creating a new account during the suspension: this is also a violation of the rules which will immediately lead to permanent suspension.

Data protection
To find out what personal data we collect and how we use it, please visit our privacy policy

CONDITIONS OF USE
If you decide to use or otherwise access the Application, your use/access and any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Statement and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages and arbitration of disputes.

Can children use the application?
Our site and the services available through Tribuna.com are not intended for children under the age of 13. Tribuna.com does not knowingly or specifically collect information about children under the age of 13 and believes that children of any age should get their parents’ consent before giving out any personal information. We encourage you to participate in your child’s web experience.

Questions or concerns
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy on our Website, please send us a detailed message at info@Tribuna.com We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.