Terms of Use for Consumers
For Reviewers
Guidelines for reviewers
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use for Consumers
For Businesses
Guidelines for businesses
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use and Sale for Businesses
Data Processing Agreement for Businesses
Subprocessors
U.S. Privacy Laws Supplement
HIPAA Business Associate Addendum
Content Refresh Guidelines
Legal Brand Guidelines
SEO requirements for partners
For Everyone
Code of Ethics
Action We Take
Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Policy
Anti-Bribery & Corruption Policy
Modern Slavery Code of Conduct
Copyright Dispute Policy
Cookie Policy
Accessibility Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
Social Media Community Guidelines
For Reviewers
Guidelines for reviewers
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use for Consumers
For Businesses
Guidelines for businesses
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use and Sale for Businesses
Data Processing Agreement for Businesses
Subprocessors
U.S. Privacy Laws Supplement
HIPAA Business Associate Addendum
Content Refresh Guidelines
Legal Brand Guidelines
SEO requirements for partners
For Everyone
Code of Ethics
Action We Take
Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Policy
Anti-Bribery & Corruption Policy
Modern Slavery Code of Conduct
Copyright Dispute Policy
Cookie Policy
Accessibility Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
Social Media Community Guidelines
Terms of Use for Consumers
February 2025
September 2023
(Version 7.0)
Introduction
Trustpilot is an open-to-all online review platform that brings businesses and consumers together to foster trust and inspire collaboration. We're open to everybody, and built on transparency.
When we talk about “
our platform
” we mean our review platform hosted at Trustpilot.com, any sub-domain, sub-directory, similar platform, website or mobile app operated by us and provided to you, including any information, text, reviews, comments, images, data or other content contained on or related to the above.
Before using our platform, we ask that you read these terms of use (which we will refer to as the “
terms
” going forward) so that you understand what we expect from you - and also what you can expect from us. These terms refer to the following policies, guidelines and rules, which also apply to your use of our platform:
Our
Privacy Policy
, which explains what data we collect when you use our platform and how this is handled (see section 13 below for further information)
Our
Guidelines for Reviewers
, which outline how you should (and shouldn’t) use our platform (see section 5 below for further information)
Our policies, operating rules and codes published on
legal.trustpilot.com
(“
policies
”) (see section 5 below for further information)
Your access to, and use of, our platform is, at all times, conditional on you agreeing to these terms. So, if at any time you do not agree, or cannot comply, with these terms, you must not access or use our platform. To be clear, your use of our platform in any way will be governed by these terms.
You agree to these terms by doing one or more of the following: (a) browsing, accessing, searching, writing a review, or otherwise using our platform; or (b) clicking a box or button, or providing any other kind of positive affirmation that you agree to these terms.
Just so you know, words or expressions defined in “
quotation marks
” have the same meaning each time they are used in these terms.
Joining and using Trustpilot
We explain below how to access and use our platform.
You and Trustpilot:
When we say “
you
” or “
your
”, we mean the person or entity browsing, searching, writing a review, or otherwise using or accessing, whether directly or indirectly (including, for example, through use of automated technologies such as AI agents or screen scrapers), our platform. When we say “
Trustpilot
”, “
we
”, “
our
” or “
us
”, we mean
the Trustpilot entity that you contract with under these terms, which depends on where in the world you are accessing our platform from. See the
Our contracting entities and governing law
section (section 28) of these terms for further information on which Trustpilot entity you are contracting with.
Third-party products and services:
We may use, present to you and/or link to third-party technology, products and/or services on our platform. We do not endorse or make any guarantee or promise, and do not assume any responsibility for, any such third-party technology, products and/or services. Please note that we can’t guarantee that our platform will be compatible with your browser, network, or computer set-up.
User account:
In order to leave a review, comment on, like or flag a review and/or take any other action on our platform (except browsing), you must first create a user account. You are only permitted to create one user account. Your user account is personal to you and must not be transferred to anyone else.
In order to create a user account you will need to sign in to our platform using your Facebook, Google or Apple account, or alternatively using your email address and the verification code which we will send to you. Sometimes your account will be automatically created and pre-filled with your name. For example, if you click on a review invitation after purchasing a product or using a service, or when signing up via Facebook.
You will also be required to choose a username that will be displayed on our platform whenever you write a review, comment on a review or produce user generated content including any review, image or other content created by or originating from you on our platform (“
user generated content
”). Your username allows you to be identified by others. Remember that if you use your real name as your username, this could reveal your identity. Your username must not contain:
anything harmful, hateful, discriminatory, defamatory, obscene or illegal;
the terms “Guest”, “Admin”, “.dk” or “.com” etc.; or
characteristics belonging to someone else or a third party, such as the name of someone other than you.
You take full responsibility for controlling who accesses and uses your user account. For example:
You should not allow any other person to access or use your user account and you should not share your login details, including your email address and verification code, with anyone else. If you suspect any of your user account login details have been stolen or misused then let us know immediately by contacting us using the details available
here
.
You promise that you’ll keep all information connected with your user account (including your email address) up to date and complete. If you would like to change your username, then you can do this yourself by logging into your user account.
You’re responsible for all activity connected with your user account, including any reviews, all comments and any user generated content.
You may also choose to verify your identity by following the quick and easy steps on our platform. During the verification process, you’ll be asked to select a photo ID, take a picture of your chosen ID and take a selfie. Your information is handled safely and securely, as explained in our
Privacy Policy
.
4.
Your key responsibilities:
You must comply with the following requirements when using our platform:
You agree to use our platform only in line with these terms, our
Guidelines for Reviewers
and our policies.
You must be over the age of 18 years old.
You must not undermine the security or integrity of our platform.
You must not use our platform in any way that might impair its functionality or interfere with other people’s use.
You must not introduce or upload anything to our platform that includes a virus or other malicious code.
You must not write, submit or be involved in the procurement of fake reviews. By fake reviews, we mean reviews that don’t reflect a genuine service or buying experience with a business, or reviews that have been left in an attempt to manipulate consumer perception, or negatively target a particular business.
You must not do anything that might be misleading, offensive, violates any law, infringes on the rights of others or does not comply with our
Guidelines for Reviewers
and our policies.
You must not modify, copy, adapt, reproduce, disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer or extract the source code of any part of our platform.
You must not act in a manner that is abusive or disrespectful to a Trustpilot employee, partner, customer, or other users of our platform. We will not tolerate any abuse or bullying of our Trustpilot employees in any situation and that includes interaction with our support teams.
You must not write reviews which are of a marketing nature and/or use our platform for marketing purposes, including in relation to yourself, or any services, products and/or businesses.
You must not use our platform for the purposes of developing or providing any service or functionality which competes with our platform.
You must not establish a link to our platform in a way which suggests any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not licence, sell, transfer, assign, distribute, host, or otherwise commercially exploit any part of our platform, provided that this restriction will not apply to your user generated content.
You must not access, search or collect content from our platform by any means (automated or otherwise) except as provided on our platform or specifically approved by us.
You must not carry out in any way (including facilitating, permitting or authorising) any text mining, data mining or web scraping of our platform for any purpose without our express permission. This includes the training and development of artificial intelligence systems or models.
5.
Our Guidelines for Reviewers and policies:
When accessing or using our platform, you must respect and follow our
Guidelines for Reviewers
and our policies. We can update and make changes to our
Guidelines for Reviewers
and our policies at any time without notice to you, and any changes that we do make will immediately apply to you without any further positive acceptance, confirmation or action by you.
6.
What Trustpilot owns:
Except as set out elsewhere in these terms (in particular section 7 below), all intellectual property rights in our platform are owned or licensed to Trustpilot. This includes:
copyright (including in our computer software), patents, trade marks, and design rights;
database rights, know-how, trade secrets;
rights of confidence in our platform; and
the design, compilation, and look and feel of our platform,
(together, the “
intellectual property rights
”).
You agree not to copy, distribute, modify or otherwise use any of our platform or our intellectual property rights in any way not expressly permitted by us. This means you are not allowed to use our intellectual property rights or any other content on our platform, including TrustScores and reviews submitted by other users, unless we specifically say you are authorised to use them.
7.
What you own:
You own, and are responsible for, any user generated content you submit to, or transmit through, our platform. You promise that you have all the necessary permissions to create, use and/or share such user generated content. Unless your user generated content is removed: (i) by us for violating our
Guidelines for Reviewers
, these terms and/or our policies; or (ii) by you (including if you delete your user account in accordance with section 16), your user generated content will remain publicly displayed on our platform and accessible by any third-party services and networks (like Google) indefinitely.
8.
Trustpilot’s right to use your user generated content:
By creating, submitting, posting or displaying user generated content on our platform, you grant us a licence to use, modify, copy, distribute, publish, display and create works which are based on such user generated content anywhere in the world, in any way, without any restriction and without any payment to you. You also agree that this licence allows us to make your user generated content available to other companies or individuals, including our customers, for any purpose such as the syndication, distribution, promotion or publication of such user generated content. You also grant us the right to bring an action for copyright infringement against anyone who uses your user generated content without first receiving permission from you and/or Trustpilot. This includes, where applicable, a right under section 101A of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.
9.
Platform Activity Data
: We may collect and generate data relating to your use of our platform, including but not limited to metrics, analytics, and information derived from your user generated content and usage patterns (collectively, "
platform activity data
"). All rights, title, and interest in the platform activity data, including any derivative works or analyses thereof, will belong exclusively to us. We may use platform activity data for any lawful purpose, including but not limited to improving our services, developing new features, generating insights, and conducting analyses.
10.
Feedback:
We appreciate any feedback, ideas and suggestions from you about our platform (“
feedback
”) and may use it forever without restriction or payment to you. To be clear, this means that if you provide any written content or feedback to us, we can use, quote and/or refer to that content or feedback at our discretion.
11.
Problems and support:
If you have a problem, we have support articles available through our
Help Center
that should help you with most situations. If you’ve tried our
Help Center
and still need help, you can find more information about online support for our platform from our support team by contacting them using the details available
here
.
12.
Impartiality:
We love you using our platform to share, browse, hear and learn about the businesses featured through our role as an online intermediary. When using our platform you must only provide authentic and unbiased reviews, and user generated content which complies with our
Guidelines for Reviewers
at all times. The views expressed by users on our platform do not represent the views, values or voice of Trustpilot .
Privacy and data use
We explain below what data we collect when you use our platform and how this is handled
.
13.
Personal data:
Personal data we collect about you in connection with your use of our platform will be handled by us in accordance with our
Privacy Policy
.
Confidential information
We take reasonable precautions to protect your confidential information and expect that you’ll do the same for ours.
14.
Keeping it confidential:
While using our platform, you may share confidential information with us, and you may become aware of confidential information about us. You and we both agree to take reasonable steps to protect each other’s confidential information from being accessed by unauthorised individuals, entities or other third-parties, except to the extent (i) we share this with our affiliates (that is, any companies that we are connected to (“
affiliates
”)), (ii) as required by law, court order or any regulatory / governmental authority, or (iii) in connection with any actual or pending legal proceedings. For the avoidance of doubt, your user generated content, feedback and any platform activity data shall not be considered your confidential information.
Termination and suspension
We explain below when your access to our platform can be terminated or suspended.
15.
Our rights:
If you breach or threaten to breach any of these terms, our
Guidelines for Reviewers
and/or our policies, we may filter user generated content, without notice to you.
If you repeatedly breach any of these terms, our
Guidelines for Reviewers
and/or our policies, we may terminate or suspend access to your user account. Where possible, we will give you reasonable notice before terminating or suspending access to your user account.
16.
Your rights:
You may choose to delete your user account at any time, and in doing so you will no longer be able to leave reviews on our platform and all of your reviews will be deleted on our platform.
Disclaimer and liability
These sections are important as they outline responsibility and liability between us and you, so we urge you to read them closely and in full.
17. EXCEPT WHERE RESTRICTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL WE BE RESPONSIBLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. TO THE EXTENT THAT WE FAIL TO COMPLY WITH THESE TERMS, WE WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR FORESEEABLE LOSS AND DAMAGE, AND OUR AND OUR AFFILIATES’ TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCES IS LIMITED TO THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF £100.00 (ONE HUNDRED BRITISH POUND STERLING).
18. WE CANNOT GUARANTEE THAT OUR PLATFORM WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR AVAILABLE AT ALL TIMES. OUR PLATFORM IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE EXCLUDE ALL IMPLIED CONDITIONS, WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS OR OTHER TERMS THAT MAY APPLY TO OUR PLATFORM.
19. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU WILL INDEMNIFY US AND OUR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AND CONTRACTORS FOR ANY THIRD-PARTY LEGAL PROCEEDINGS (INCLUDING ACTIONS BY GOVERNMENT AUTHORITIES) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO YOUR UNLAWFUL USE OF OUR PLATFORM OR VIOLATION OF THESE TERMS.
Disputes
This section outlines how disputes may be resolved.
20.
Dispute Resolution:
Most of your concerns can be resolved quickly and to everyone’s satisfaction by contacting us using the details available
here
. If we’re not able to resolve the issue, you and we agree to bring claims only in the jurisdiction listed in the
Our contracting entities and governing law
section (section 28) of these terms.
Important housekeeping
Please take a look over these additional terms.
21.
Changes to these terms:
We can make changes to these terms at any time without notice to you. It is up to you to ensure that you regularly check, read, understand and agree to the most recent version of these terms, as any changes to these terms will immediately apply to you without any further positive acceptance, confirmation or action by you.
22.
Changes to our platform:
We may update and change the whole or part of our platform at any time without notice to you. We may also suspend, withdraw or restrict the availability of all or part of our platform for business or operational reasons
23.
Events outside our control:
We do our best to control what we can. We aren’t liable to you for any failure or delay in performance of any of our obligations under these terms arising out of any event or circumstance beyond our reasonable control.
24.
How to contact us:
If you want to speak to us, please contact our support team using the details available
here
.
25.
Language:
We may provide certain materials to you in another language but all other communications and notices made under these terms must be in English. If we provide a translation of these terms, it is for your convenience only and the English language version will take precedence. We will have no responsibility or liability in respect of the content or accuracy of any translated versions of these terms.
26.
Enforcement of terms:
If there’s any part of these terms that either you or we are legally unable to enforce, that part will be ignored to the extent that it is unenforceable, but everything else will remain enforceable.
27.
Interpretation:
Words like ‘include’, ‘like’, and ‘for example’ are not words of limitation and where anything is within our discretion we mean our sole discretion.
28.
Our contracting entities and governing law:
These terms and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them, their subject matter or their formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws and jurisdiction of the Trustpilot entity that you are contracting with in the table below.
Trustpilot Entity and Address
Governing Law
Jurisdiction
If you are located anywhere in the world outside of  the USA, Canada or Mexico then the Trustpilot entity you’re contracting with, and the Governing Law and Jurisdiction which applies to your contract with Trustpilot will be:
Trustpilot A/S
Registration number:
30276582
Address:
c/o Trustpilot Limited, 5th Floor, The Minster Building, 21 Mincing Lane, London, United Kingdom, EC3R 7AG
England and Wales
Courts of England and Wales
If you are located in USA, Canada or Mexico then the Trustpilot entity you’re contracting with, and the Governing Law and Jurisdiction which applies to your contract with Trustpilot will be:
Trustpilot, Inc.
Registration number:
Not applicable
Address:
50 West 23rd Street,
Suite 1000,
New York, NY 10001
New York, USA
Courts of New York, USA
The table above shall not apply to the extent that the law in your country of residence requires application of another law and/or jurisdiction, in particular, consumer laws and regulations. If you use our platform as a consumer, you may be entitled to bring claims against Trustpilot in the Courts of your country of residence. This section 28 shall otherwise apply to the maximum extent permitted in your country of residence.
29.
The operator of our platform:
Our platform is operated by Trustpilot A/S, Pilestræde 58, 5th floor, 1112 Copenhagen K, Denmark, CVR no. 30 27 65 82 in all countries outside of the USA, Canada or Mexico. Our platform is operated by Trustpilot Inc., 50 West 23rd Street, Suite 1000, New York, NY 10010 in the USA, Canada or Mexico.
Company
About us
Trust Centre
Investors
Legal
Press
Public affairs
Careers
Brand hub
Get in touch
Consumer / Review Community
Join the community
Write a review
Help center
Consumer blog
Get in touch
Trustpilot for Business
Trustpilot for business
Log in
Book a demo
Help center
Plans and pricing
Business blog
Data solutions
Get in touch
Country
Follow us on
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Company Guidelines
Trademark Guidelines
Manage cookies
Modern Slavery Statement
System status
Do not sell or share my personal information
© 2026 Trustpilot Inc. All rights reserved.