Terms of use of the site
This page describes the terms and conditions that govern the use of materials from the TSN project, which are available in mobile and Smart TV applications, chat bots, applications for integration with social networks, as well as those published on the website https://tsn.ua (hereinafter referred to as the “Site”, “We”, “Company”).

General conditions

Site Content

User Content

Representations and warranties

Registration and security

Communication between the Site and users

Licenses and software

Termination of access to the Site

Miscellaneous

Advertising and affiliate materials

Official pages

1. General conditions

1.1. If you decide to use the Site and Site applications, including RSS, API, software and other files, you agree to comply with all the terms set forth in these Terms of Use (hereinafter referred to as the "Terms"), including by registering your account on the Site. These Terms are a legally binding agreement between the user and the Company, the subject of which is the provision of services to the user for the use of the Site and its services.

"By starting to use the Site, the User hereby confirms that he has reached the age of 21. If you (the User) have not reached the age of 21, do not start or stop using the Site.

The Site Administration is not responsible for the legality of using the Site and its services by a User who has not reached the age of 21.

1.2. We may change the terms set out in these Terms at any time, and such changes shall be effective immediately upon posting on the Site.

1.3. You are required to read these Rules before each use of the Site. If you continue to use the Site after the publication of the amended Rules, this means your agreement to comply with the Rules with all its changes.

1.4. If any terms of these Rules or changes thereto are unacceptable to you, you may not start using the Site or terminate your account in accordance with the procedure specified in Section 8 of the Rules.

2. Site content

2.1. The materials published on the Site are intended for your personal non-commercial use. All materials published on the Site, including but not limited to: news, photographs, images, illustrations, audio and video clips (hereinafter referred to as the “materials” or “content”) are protected by copyright and are owned or controlled by the Company or the party that is the content provider. You must comply with all additional copyright notices, information or restrictions contained on any page.

2.2. The content of the Site is protected by copyright in accordance with the legislation of Ukraine and international copyright law. You do not have the right to modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale, reproduce (except as provided in clause 2.4 of these Rules), create new works, distribute, perform, or in any way use the content of the Site (including software) in whole or in part.

2.3. Trade names, trademarks, etc. of the Company or third parties are protected by copyright. Nothing contained in these Rules shall be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark, patent, design rights or copyright of the Company or third parties.

2.4. You may download or copy the content of the Site, other components and elements displayed on the Site, for your personal use only, provided that you retain all copyright and other notices contained therein. Copying or storing any content for purposes other than personal use is strictly prohibited without the prior written consent of the Company.

2.5. Online publications and mobile applications are allowed to use the information posted on the Site free of charge, provided that there is an open hyperlink and mention of the original source no lower than the first paragraph and no more than one and a half thousand characters of the original text. The use of a larger volume of text is possible only upon receipt of the written permission of the Company.

For SmartTV, the use of the Company's materials is permitted on a paid basis and only with the written consent of the Company. Other types of media are permitted to use information posted on the Company's websites up to one and a half thousand characters in length, provided that a reference is made to the original source. The use of a larger volume of text is possible only with the written consent of the Company.

The use of information means any reproduction, republication, distribution, processing, translation, inclusion of its parts in other works and other methods provided for by the Law of Ukraine "On Copyright and Related Rights".

The Company grants written permission to use its materials to third parties at its discretion based on an application sent electronically to feedback@tsn.ua , with the obligatory indication of the return mailing address. The Company reserves the right, during the process of considering the application, to request from third parties any additional information necessary to make a decision on issuing written permission. The use of the Company's materials is possible only after the third party has received the appropriate written permission.

3. User Content

3.1. You agree to use the Site solely for lawful purposes and in a manner that does not infringe the rights of other users, or restrict or impede others' access to and use of the Site.

3.2. It is not allowed to upload, distribute and publish any defamatory, offensive, obscene, pornographic or other illegal content; advertising, commercial messages, as well as messages that do not have an informational content and do not relate to the topic of the resource.

3.3. Be polite. You agree not to threaten or insult other users by using defamatory techniques or knowingly posting messages with repetitive content (spam). Use respectful language. Online conversation will only continue when our users feel welcome and safe. You agree not to use language that is abusive or discriminatory on the basis of race, religion, nationality, gender, sexual orientation, age, region, disability, etc. Hostility of any kind is grounds for immediate suspension of access to all or part of the Site.

3.4. Discuss, but don't attack. In a society full of opinions and preferences, people will always have different opinions. The Site encourages active discussion and welcomes heated debate, but personal attacks are a direct violation of the Terms and are grounds for immediate suspension of all or part of your access to the entire Site.

3.5. Do not disclose any personal information about yourself or anyone else in your messages (for example: phone number, home address, email address).

3.6. You acknowledge that any materials you post (such as content you create, including but not limited to: comments, forums, messages, reviews, text, video, audio and photographs, as well as computer code and applications) may be removed or modified by us. You waive any rights you may have in the presence of such material on the Site, and the materials may be modified even if you do not agree. The materials may also be included in our RSS feeds, APIs, and made available for republishing through other formats.

3.7. You grant the Company a perpetual, non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license to the materials posted/sent/distributed by you, including the transfer to the Company or any third party of the unrestricted right to use, copy, transmit, publish, distribute, create derivative works from, modify and adapt the index, cache, tag, encode (including without limitation the right to adapt for streaming, transmission, mobile, digital scanning or other technologies) in any form or media now known or later developed, including any publications posted by you on the Site or on a website owned by the Company.

3.8. You are solely responsible for the content of your postings. The Company cannot monitor every material and is not responsible for the content of these messages. We reserve the right to remove, move or edit postings that the Company, in its sole discretion, deems offensive, defamatory, indecent or objectionable, or that infringe copyrights and trademarks.

3.9. You consent to the display and publication of the material developed by you on the Site, as well as for advertising purposes outside the Site.

4. Representations and Warranties

4.1. You represent, warrant and promise (a) that materials of any kind submitted through your account (I) will not infringe, plagiarize or violate the rights of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary rights, or (II) contain defamatory or other unlawful material, and (b) that you are at least eighteen years of age.

4.2. You hereby warrant that you will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company and all officers, directors, owners, agents, information providers, affiliates, licensors and licensees from and against any liability and expenses, including legal fees, incurred in connection with any claim arising out of or relating to your or any user of your account’s breach of these Terms, warranties and agreements. You shall reasonably cooperate in the defense of any such claim. The Company reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are indemnified.

4.3. The Company does not guarantee or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any advice, opinions, statements or other information uploaded or disseminated through the accounts of any users, information providers or any other individuals or entities. You acknowledge and understand that any reliance on such opinions, advice, statements, memoranda or other information is at your own risk. The Site materials are provided "as is" without any warranties of any kind, including warranties of title or fitness for a particular purpose. You hereby acknowledge that you use the Site at your own risk.

5. Registration and security

5.1. As part of the registration or account creation process, you will create login credentials by choosing a password and providing an email address. You will also be required to provide Us with certain information about yourself, which must be accurate and up-to-date.

5.2. Each registration is valid for one user. You may not share your login credentials so that no one else has access to your account. We may cancel or suspend your access to the Site if you share your login credentials. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, which you must not disclose to any representative or agent of the Company. You may not (a) select or use another person’s credentials for the purpose of impersonating that person, (b) use the account credentials without the owner’s permission, or (c) use the credentials, in your sole discretion, if they are or are deemed to be offensive. Failure to comply with the above provisions is considered a violation of the Rules, which may result in the immediate termination of your account.

5.3. We welcome participation of people of any age on the Site, however, in order to protect children, persons under the age of majority cannot register on the Site.

5.4. You are obliged to report to feedback@tsn.ua any known or suspected unauthorized use of your account, or any known or suspected breach of security, including the loss, theft or unauthorized disclosure of your password.

5.5. You are responsible for any use or activity on your account on the Site, including any use of your account by third parties with your permission. Any fraudulent, abusive or otherwise unlawful activity may be grounds for termination of your account, at our sole discretion, and We may refer the information to appropriate law enforcement agencies.

6. Communication between the Site and users

6.1. If you fill out a registration form to obtain certain information, We, as owners and successors, with the permission of certain third-party providers, provide you with information about materials published on the Site.

6.2. You provide, and the Company reserves the right to send to your email, information about changes or additions to services on the Site.

6.3. The Company reserves the right to disclose usage and demographic information provided that it does not reveal your identity. Advertisers on the Site may collect and share personal information about you only if you confirm your consent in accordance with the Company's Privacy and Personal Data Protection Policy.

6.4. The Company may contact you by email about your participation in a user survey, asking questions to improve current or future materials. This information will be used to improve the operation of the Site and to better understand our users. Any information we receive in such surveys will not be shared with third parties, except for aggregated, depersonalized data.

7. Licenses and software

7.1. You have no rights to the proprietary software and accompanying documentation, or any improvements or modifications thereto ("Software"), unless you have access to the Site. You may not sublicense, assign or transfer any licenses granted by the Company, and any attempt to do so shall be null and void. You may make one copy of such software for archival purposes. You may not copy, distribute, modify, adapt, or create derivative works from the Software.

8. Termination of access to the Site

8.1. You may terminate your account at any time by contacting feedback@tsn.ua . You will receive an automatic confirmation by email that your request to delete your account has been accepted, and your access will be terminated within 24 hours.

8.2. The Company may, at its sole discretion, remove or suspend access to all or part of the Site for any reason, including violation or failure to comply with these Rules.

9. Miscellaneous

9.1. These Rules are applied in accordance with the legislation of Ukraine. Any disputes regarding the implementation of these Rules will be resolved by the relevant court, in accordance with the procedure determined by the current legislation of Ukraine.

9.2. Notwithstanding any of the provisions of the foregoing, nothing in these Rules may be used to interpret the provisions set forth in the Privacy Policy.

9.3. Correspondence should be sent to feedback@tsn.ua

9.4. You agree to immediately report any copyright infringements regarding the materials on the Site. If you have any claims regarding copyright infringement regarding the materials contained on the Site, please report them to feedback@tsn.ua .

9.5. The Materials may contain links to other World Wide Web Internet sites, resources and advertisers. As We are not responsible for the availability of these external resources or their content, you should direct any concerns about any external link to the administrator of such website.

10. Advertising and affiliate materials

10.1 Materials with the tags "advertisement", "company news", "press release", "current", "point of view", "officially", "partner material" are published on a commercial or partnership basis.

10.2. More information about advertising: http://tsn.ua/adv/