Terms of Use - Tua Saúde
Tua Saúde
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
It is important to read the following topics carefully, as they outline Tua Saúde’s legal principles and conduct. We aim to meet this site’s user expectations.
Tua Saúde is a site under the Grupo Rede D’Or network which offers educational information about health in an easy-to-ready language, to be accessed by the public.
This site should not, by any means, substitute a diagnosis or medical advice.
Authority
The information published on this site is created solely by health care professionals, who are listed on the “Who We Are” page.
This site is committed to providing information from trusted sources.
Website Objectives
Our main objective is to provide the public with information regarding health, nutrition and wellbeing in an accessible, easy-to-read language. We also cover topics like conventional therapies and alternative medicine, medicine leaflets, beauty tips, and other health-related themes. This information should not, at any point, replace a medical diagnosis, treatment or advice provided by your doctor.
Confidentiality
Any information collected by Tua Saúde, like an email address, will never be shared, divulged or sold to third-parties outside of the Grupo Rede D’or network, unless required by the law.
The policy that fully outlines our confidentiality practices is available for review on the “Privacy Policy” page.
References
All content is produced by our internal team and is supported by reliable resources. The majority of references used to create our content can be found at the end of each article.
Financial Sources
This website is exclusively financed by the income generated from online ads. These ads fund our site, content creators and technical updates.
Full-disclosure Regarding Our Editorial and Publishing Policy
Tua Saúde displays online ads. We do not control the content of these ads. It is important to highlight that our editorial content is not influenced for financial gain.
Our website hosts commercial banners and links, and all ads are clearly identified with a “Google Ads” or other ad-related tag.
This website is a part of the Grupo Rede D’Or network, but it is an independent entity that produces ethical, impartial and thorough health content.
We do not tolerate any biased or discriminatory information with regards to our content or the displayed ads.
Follow us on Instagram
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on Pinterest
Tua Saúde is an informative space that intends to inform and educate readers about topics related to health, nutrition and wellbeing. This information should not be used to substitute a clinical diagnosis or treatment, nor does it replace the medical advice provided by a doctor.
Address:
Rua Voluntários da Pátria, nº 138, Block 1, Unit 201, Botafogo, Rio de Janeiro/RJ - Zip Code - 22270-010
This seal certifies that our website contains trusted health-related content.
Last site update: 05/02/2026
© 2007 - 2026 Tua Saúde. All rights reserved.
English
Português
Español
Français
Tua Saúde is a brand of the
Rede D’Or Group
Brazil's largest network of private hospitals
Our brands
Rede D'Or São Luiz
Oncologia D’Or
SulAmérica
Richet Laboratórios