Terms of Use
The use of this website and all other websites under tureng.com domain along with all mobile applications (Android, BlackBerry, iPad, iPhone, Windows 8 and Windows Phone) is subject to the terms and conditions explained here. When the user visits this website, they agree to be bound by these terms and conditions, which constitute a binding agreement between the user and Tureng Ltd.

Website Content
By using the content provided on any page of Tureng website, the user agrees to abide by Tureng’s terms and conditions fully. All content available on Tureng.com shall only be used for informational purposes. The content should by no means be considered as complete or up-to-date. It shall not replace a visit, consultation, or advice of a legal, medical, financial, or any other professional nature. Tureng Ltd is not and will not be responsible for any claims attributable to errors, omissions, or other inaccuracies in the information obtained from the content presented on this website. The user accepts the entire risk associated with the results and performance of the content.

Usage Limitations
All content provided by Tureng on the website as well as the website itself are protected by the laws on copyright, trademark, and other applicable intellectual property and proprietary rights. The content and the website are owned, controlled, and/or licensed by Tureng.com. Any and all trademarks appearing on the website are the property of Tureng.com.

Material contained in this website may not be copied, reproduced or redistributed in whole or in part without prior written consent of Tureng. The user may not redistribute any of the content of this website or create a database in electronic form or manually by downloading and storing any content without Tureng’s prior authorization.

Any use of automatic crawlers, spiders and bots for any purpose excluding search indexing is strictly prohibited. In addition, in the event that any big search engine companies uses the data obtained via bots or crawlers or any other modes including data uploading by users or word suggestions, in a platform which is in direct competition with Tureng, regardless of what written on their relevant terms and service section, that company/website would break Tureng’s terms of use and Tureng has the right to seek legal remedies.

Also, the user may not use automated scripts or programs to screen scrape or otherwise extract data from pages on Tureng website. In particular, the user must not reproduce or exploit the pages and content on the website for commercial gain. All other rights are reserved and users must seek Tureng’s permission before making any other use of the material contained in this website.

Link Usage
The user has the opportunity to link to the home page and any HTML page of this website on the condition that they do not create a frame or any other bordered environment around the content, any such linking does not imply any endorsement of any product or service, and the website linking to this website does not contain any intellectual property right, including without limitation copyright, trademark, design right or patent, infringing, distasteful or offensive material. The user may not link to any other page of the website, other than the home page or any HTML page, without prior written consent of Tureng. Tureng reserves the right to require the user to remove any link to this website.

Advertisement and Links
It is the user’s responsibility to recognize that this website contains advertisements of and links to third-party websites. Content of any advertising material or any errors or inaccuracy in any advertising or sponsorship material are under the responsibility of the advertiser or the owner of the material. Tureng does not assume responsibility for the ads and links displayed on the website.

Damages
Under no circumstances shall Tureng or its employees be liable for any damages of any nature, including without limitation any consequential loss, loss of income or profit, loss of or damage to property, claims of third parties, or any other loss, cost, claim or expense of any kind or character arising out of or in connection with the use of this website, its content or any website with which it is linked. This exclusion and limitation only applies to the extent permitted by the law. It does not apply to the liability for death or personal injury originating from the negligence of Tureng or its employees.

Trademark
"Tureng" is a trademark of Tureng Ltd and may not be used without Tureng’s written prior authorization.

In order to remain an authorized user of the website, the user must agree to abide by all of the provisions in this agreement and the user’s using Tureng’s website constitutes the user’s agreement to abide by those provisions. The user is solely responsible for their use of the website and for ensuring that their use complies fully with the provisions of Tureng’s terms of use.

In case the user does not agree to the provisions of these terms of use or is not pleased with the website, they should discontinue using the website.

Contact information
Tureng Ltd.
Caddebostan/Istanbul
Turkey
902163694100