Uber Developers
Three lines
Uber
Developers
Docs
Search
Sign in
Terms of Use
Application Programming Interface Terms of Use
(Last Updated: January 2021)
If you are located in, or accessing Uber’s APIs from, Europe please click
here
.
¶
I. Contractual Relationship; Scope
These Application Programming Interface Terms of Use (“Terms of Use”)
govern your access and use of the APIs provided by Uber Technologies,
Inc. its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Uber”). The guides,
materials, references, software and other applications or services
provided by Uber in association with the access and use of the Uber
APIs, together with the Uber APIs themselves, are collectively referred
to as a suite of “Uber API Services”.
By accessing or using the Uber API Services you confirm your agreement
to be bound by these Terms of Use as well as Uber’s
Community Guidelines
.
The Uber APIs may also be subject to
any other agreements you have with Uber, including those related to your
use of business-specific APIs (“Supplemental Agreements”). Additionally,
if you use the Uber APIs as an interface to, or in conjunction with,
other Uber products and services, then the terms of those products and
services (“Uber Product Terms”) also apply to you and your end users. If
there is a conflict between these Terms of Use and the terms of a
Supplemental Agreement governing your use of an Uber API or Uber Product
Terms governing your use of Uber’s products and services, those terms
will control with respect to that conflict.
Collectively, we refer to these Terms of Use, the Community Guidelines,
any additional applicable terms (including terms in any Supplemental
Agreements and any Uber Product Terms) and any other applicable
policies and guidelines as the “Terms.”
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY, AS THEY CONSTITUTE A LEGAL
AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND UBER.
¶
II. Access to APIs
¶
A. General.
You may not use the Uber API Services if you are not of legal age to
form a binding contract with Uber, you determine that you are unable to
comply with these Terms of Use or you are prohibited by applicable law
from accessing or using the Uber API Services.
¶
B. Entity Access.
If you are accessing Uber API Services on behalf of a company, entity,
or organization (collectively “entity”), then you represent and warrant
that you: (a) are an authorized representative of that entity with the
authority to bind such entity to the Terms; (b) have read and understand
the Terms; and (c) agree to these Terms of Use on behalf of such entity.
All references to “you” in these Terms of Use shall also refer to that
entity.
¶
C. Registration & Credentials.
To access the Uber API Services, you may be required to register. After
an approved registration, you will be issued certain credentials, which
may be required to access the Uber APIs. You may not make credentials
available to others including by embedding them in open source projects
and only you may access the Uber API Services with the credentials
provided to you. You will not misrepresent or mask your identity or your
credentials when accessing or using the Uber API Services.
¶
D. Access Revocation.
We reserve the right to revoke your access to the Uber API Services
without prior notice if we determine your use violates the Terms or is
otherwise objectionable as determined in Uber’s sole discretion.
¶
III. Use of APIs
¶
A. Your End Users.
If you offer your application for use by others outside of your entity,
you must maintain a user agreement and a legally compliant privacy
policy for your application that is prominently identified or located
where users download or access your application. You must immediately
notify us in writing of any breach of your user agreement or privacy
policy that impacts, or may impact, customers or users of Uber’s
products or services.
¶
B. Compliance.
Access, implementation and use of the Uber API Services must be in
compliance with all applicable law, regulation, third party rights
(including, without limitation, laws regarding the import or export of
data or software, privacy, and local laws) as well as Uber’s
instructions. You will only use the Uber API Services in connection with
legally permissible activities and as described in the Terms.
Promptly upon request, you will be required to certify certain aspects
of your compliance with these Terms, including without limitation, your
compliance with the above paragraph, and your security and data use
practices, including the details of any privacy or security incidents
potentially involving data of Uber users. We will provide the form of
certification which must be signed by an authorized officer of your
entity.
¶
C. API Limitations.
Uber sets and enforces limitations on the use of Uber APIs. You will not
circumvent, or attempt to circumvent, such limitations as they apply to
each Uber API or as otherwise set forth in the Terms, except as approved
in writing by Uber. Uber may limit the number or nature of network calls
that you or your application may make. Uber may change such usage limits
at any time with or without notice and may use any means to enforce its
usage limitations or prevent overuse of the Uber APIs.
¶
D. Open Source.
To facilitate your Uber API integration, Uber may make certain Software
Development Kit(s) (“SDK(s)”) and/or libraries available to you under a
separate open source license. You agree that any Uber API integration
facilitated with such open source SDK(s) and/or libraries remains
subject to the Terms.
¶
E. API Monitoring; Audit; Review.
We have the right to inspect, monitor and audit any records or activity
related to your use of the Uber API Services, to among other things,
improve the Uber API Services and identify security issues, or ensure
compliance with the Terms. You will cooperate with audit requests by
providing Uber access to relevant knowledgeable personnel, physical
premises, documentation, infrastructure, and application software.
We reserve the sole right to determine whether or not your use of the
Uber API Services is acceptable including the manner in which the Uber
APIs are integrated into Your Products (defined below). Uber may
collect and use usage data and information related to your use of the
Uber API Services.
You agree to reimburse us for the costs and expenses of any audit that
reveals a material breach of these Terms of Use related to your use of
the Uber API Services. You agree to promptly address and correct all
deficiencies identified in any such audit.
Uber’s review, testing, or approval of your products or services does
not constitute any representation or acknowledgement by Uber that Your
Products and/or any content therein comply with the Terms, any laws,
rules, or regulations, nor does it constitute any acceptance by Uber of
any responsibility or liability in connection such products or services,
or any content therein.
¶
F. Revocation.
If you do not comply with the Terms, or fail to timely evidence such
compliance or if we believe that you have attempted to exceed or
circumvent any of the prohibited uses or the additional requirements or
limitations described in the Terms, your ability to use the Uber API
Services may be temporarily or permanently blocked or revoked.
¶
G. Certain Prohibited Uses.
Unless permitted by applicable law or any Supplemental Agreement(s)
between you and Uber, you will not, and will not direct, encourage, or
assist any other party to: (a) license, sublicense, sell, resell,
transfer, assign, distribute or otherwise provide or make available to
any other party the Uber API Services; (b) modify or make derivative
works based upon the Uber API Services; (c) improperly use the Uber
API Services, including (1) creating Internet “links” to any part of
the Uber API Services, “framing” or “mirroring” any part of the Uber
API Services on any other websites or systems, or “scraping” or
otherwise improperly obtaining data from the Uber APIs,
(2) transmitting any viruses or other code that may damage,
detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate
any system or data; (d) reverse engineer, decompile, modify, or
disassemble the Uber API Services; (e) send spam or otherwise
duplicative or unsolicited messages with the Uber APIs; or (f) use the
Uber APIs to (1) display any offensive content or any content for which
you do not have the right to share with Uber or to display or (2)
distribute unsolicited advertising or promotions, or (3) engage in
fraudulent or unauthorized activity including phishing, pharming,
spidering, harvesting or other similar activities.
In addition, you shall not, and shall not direct, encourage, or assist
any other party to, access or use the Uber API Services to: (a) design
or develop a competitive or substantially similar product or service;
(b) copy or extract any features or functionality thereof; (c) launch
or cause to be launched on or in connection with the Uber API Services a
malicious automated program or script, including web spiders, crawlers,
robots, indexers, bots, viruses or worms, or any program intended to
overburden or hinder the operation and/or performance of the Uber API
Services; (d) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Uber API
Services or its related systems or networks; (e) include any underlying
Uber platform or product with competitors in any aggregated view i.e.
webpage, app, software, etc.; (f) aggregate Uber’s data with
competitors’ data; or (g) parse or scrape any of Uber’s data; in each
case other than as explicitly permitted by Uber in writing. You will not
share with a third party (or enable a third party to use) any
operational, technical or other data obtained through the use of the
Uber API Services in any manner that is competitive to Uber, including,
without limitation, in connection with any application, website or other
product or service that also includes, features, endorses, or otherwise
supports in any way a third party that provides services competitive to
Uber’s products and services.
¶
IV. Ownership; License
¶
A. Ownership.
Uber owns all right, title and interest, including without limitation,
all intellectual property rights and other rights in and to its software
applications (including but not limited to the Uber API Services), any
intellectual property rights used in connection with the software
applications, and other proprietary technology, including any data
structures therein, accompanying documentation, and any updates or
revisions to the foregoing. All rights not specifically conveyed are
retained by Uber.
You agree that you will not use Uber’s trademarks, service marks, or
trade dress or any similar names, marks, or trade dress
(“Uber’s Marks”) without express, written permission from Uber.
This prohibition on using Uber’s Marks includes, but is not limited to,
use in domain names, on websites or social media accounts, or as the
names or titles of software applications or software features or
functions.
¶
B. Licenses.
Subject to your compliance with the Terms, Uber hereby grants you a
limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable,
non-sublicensable license to access and use the Uber API Services for
the sole purposes of developing, testing, using, and maintaining an
integration of your application with the Uber API Services, and to
refer to Uber for the sole purpose of identifying Uber as the source of
the Uber API Services.
Uber may produce and distribute incidental depictions, including
screenshots, video, or other content from your API client, and may use
your company or product name, trademarks, and trade dress in the course
of Uber’s worldwide promotion, marketing, or demonstration of the Uber
API Services you are using; you hereby grant Uber a worldwide,
perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, royalty-free license, with the
right to sublicense, to use, copy, modify, create derivative works of,
distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, and otherwise exploit
in any manner such incidental depictions, company names, product names,
trademarks, and trade dress for the aforementioned purposes without
further notice to or consent from you.
Subject to the rights granted to Uber and limitations herein, you
reserve and retain sole and exclusive ownership of all right, title, and
interest in, to, and under (a) your extensions and applications, and (b)
all modifications, corrections, repairs, translations, enhancements, and
other derivative works and improvements of your extensions and
applications, including all intellectual property rights arising
therefrom or relating thereto (collectively, (a) and (b) are “Your
Products”), to the extent Your Products do not infringe any of Uber’s
intellectual property rights. You are solely responsible for all costs
incurred by you in the creation and maintenance of Your Products.
¶
V. Content
You are solely responsible for selecting all content made available
through and contained in Your Products and for ensuring that such
content complies with the Terms and any other requirements applicable to
such content. You are fully responsible for any information you provide
to Uber via the Uber APIs.
The Uber API Services may contain content owned by a third party. This
content is the sole responsibility of the third party that makes it
available. Additionally, content accessible through Uber APIs and Uber
products may be subject to the intellectual property rights of third
parties. User-generated content obtained by Uber will be governed by
Uber’s
user generated content
policy
.
¶
VI. Feedback; Attribution
¶
A. Feedback.
If you provide feedback or suggestions about Uber API Services, such
information may be used for any purpose without obligation to you.
Any feedback or suggestions provided by you will be governed by
Uber’s Feedback Policy
.
¶
B. Attribution.
Except for and subject to the license granted in Section IV. B. of this
agreement and except where otherwise expressly stated, neither party
grants the other party any right, title, or interest in or to the other
party’s trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, domain names,
and other distinctive brand features (“Brand Attributes”).  You shall
not make any statement regarding your use of the Uber API Services
which disparages Uber or its business partners.
The documentation for the Uber API you use may include guidelines for
providing attribution to Uber. You agree to provide any attribution in
accordance with the guidelines and as further described
in our Design
Guidelines
,
which may be updated from time to time. You can use these resources but
you must not make any changes or modifications to them.
¶
VII. Privacy
¶
A. Uber Data.
Except for third party content described herein, “Uber Data” includes
all data received from Uber through an Uber API. Where such data
includes non-public content relating to a user, such content must not be
exposed to other users or to third parties without proper consent from
that user.
¶
B. Personal Information.
If your use of the Uber API Services or access to Uber Data requires or
will likely result in the provision of personal information directly to
Uber, you agree to adequately inform and obtain all necessary consents
and authorizations from the applicable users to provide such personal
information to Uber and retain written records of such consents. Uber
will treat personal information obtained from you through your use of
Uber APIs in accordance with the applicable privacy and data protection
laws and its posted privacy notice.
¶
C. Confidentiality.
You may be given access to information that is confidential to Uber
(“Uber Confidential Information”), which may include your credentials
as well as any materials, communications or other information that is
marked confidential or that would reasonably be considered confidential
under the circumstances. You agree to use Uber Confidential Information
only for the purpose of using the Uber API Services in accordance with
the Terms, and, unless compelled by a court of applicable jurisdiction
(and you gave Uber written notice and a reasonable chance to defend its
interests prior to such court compelled disclosure), you agree to not
disclose any Uber Confidential Information to any third party without
Uber’s prior written consent.
Uber Confidential Information does not include information that you
independently developed, that was rightfully given to you by a third
party without any confidentiality obligation, or that becomes public
through no fault of your own or any party under your control.
¶
D. Security.
You agree to implement and maintain appropriate technical, physical, and
organizational measures to protect Uber Data and Uber Confidential
Information against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against
unauthorized loss, destruction, damage, alteration, or disclosure in the
same manner that you would protect your own confidential and proprietary
information but in no event using less than a reasonable degree of care.
Uber Confidential Information does not include information that you
independently developed, that was rightfully given to you by a third
party without any confidentiality obligation, or that becomes public
through no fault of your own or any party under your control.
¶
VIII. Term; Termination and Survival
¶
A. Term; Termination.
These Terms of Use will apply for as long as you access and use the Uber
API Services. You may terminate these Terms of Use at any time by giving
us notice and ceasing to access and use the Uber API Services. Uber may
terminate these Terms of Use at any time, including if it determines
that you have violated or attempted to violate the Terms. These Terms of
Use will terminate automatically in the event the Uber APIs you use are
no longer made available to you, if your Supplemental Agreement with
Uber is terminated or expires, or if any representations you make herein
are deemed or found to be untrue.
Upon termination of these Terms of Use, you will immediately stop using
the Uber APIs, cease all use of the Uber intellectual property and
delete any cached or stored content and any Uber Data (including any
Uber Confidential Information). Uber reserves the right to contact your
end users to notify them of the termination of your right to use the
Uber APIs and the Uber API Services.
¶
B. Survival.
The provisions set forth in these Terms of Use that, by their nature,
should survive termination or expiration of these Terms of Use, will
survive any expiration or termination of these Terms of Use.
¶
IX. Relationship of Parties
The relationship of the parties is that of independent contractors.
These Terms of Use do not create a partnership, joint venture,
franchisee or other similar relationship. Neither party will make a
public statement that suggests partnership with or sponsorship or
endorsement by the other party without such party’s prior written
approval.
The parties’ obligations under these Terms of Use are non-exclusive.
Unless otherwise agreed upon separately in writing, neither party is
precluded from marketing, licensing, positioning, providing and
distributing its own products and services through other alliances,
programs or partners. Nothing in these Terms of Use prohibits or
restricts either party’s right to develop, make, use, market, license,
position, provide and distribute products or services similar to or
competitive with those of the other party as long as it does not breach,
or attempt to breach, these Terms of Use.
¶
X. Representations; Indemnification; Disclaimer; Limitation of Liability
¶
A. Representations.
You hereby represent and warrant that you have all authority necessary
to bind yourself (including your entity) to these Terms of Use and that
you are not prohibited from accessing or using the Uber API Services in
the country in which you reside. If, at any time, you do not have
authority, are legally prohibited, or do not agree to these Terms of
Use, then these Terms of Use are automatically terminated, and you must
discontinue all access and use of the Uber API Services immediately.
You further represent and warrant that (a) you have the right to
distribute, or otherwise make available Your Products to your end users,
(b) such products comply with all applicable local, state, federal and
international laws and regulations as well as applicable terms of
service and privacy notices and (c) Your Products do not and will not
infringe the rights of any third party.
¶
B. Indemnification.
You agree to indemnify and hold Uber and its officers, directors,
employees, and agents harmless from and against any and all claims,
demands, losses, liabilities, and expenses (including legal fees),
arising out of or in connection with: (a) your use of the Uber API
Services or information obtained through your use of the Uber API
Services; (b) your breach or violation of the Terms or (c) your
violation of the rights of any third party, including with respect to
any third party content.
¶
C. Disclaimer.
THE UBER API SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”. UBER
DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR
STATUTORY, NOT EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THESE TERMS OF USE, INCLUDING THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN ADDITION, UBER MAKES NO REPRESENTATION,
WARRANTY, OR GUARANTEE REGARDING THE RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, QUALITY,
SUITABILITY, OR AVAILABILITY OF THE UBER API SERVICES OR ANY INFORMATION
REQUESTED OR OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE UBER API SERVICES, OR THAT
SUCH SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. YOU AGREE THAT THE
ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE UBER API SERVICES, AND ANY
INFORMATION REQUESTED OR OBTAINED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, REMAINS
SOLELY WITH YOU, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
¶
D. Limitations.
WHERE PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL UBER OR ANY OF ITS
SERVICE PROVIDERS, SUPPLIERS OR REPRESENTATIVES (INCLUDING OFFICERS OR
DIRECTORS) BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY UNDER ANY LEGAL OR
EQUITABLE THEORY, INCLUDING BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY AND OTHERWISE, FOR ANY: (A) LOSS OF
PRODUCTION, USE, BUSINESS, REVENUE OR PROFIT, OR LOSS OF DATA OR
DIMINUTION IN VALUE, OR (B) CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT,
EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, ENHANCED OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, ARISING FROM YOUR USE
OF THE UBER API SERVICES, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER YOU OR SUCH PERSONS WERE
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES OR DAMAGES OR SUCH LOSSES OR
DAMAGES WERE OTHERWISE FORESEEABLE. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS WILL
SURVIVE AND APPLY EVEN IF ANY LIMITED REMEDY SPECIFIED IN THESE TERMS OF
USE IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. UBER’S AGGREGATE
LIABILITY UNDER THESE TERMS OF USE WILL NOT EXCEED ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS
($100).
¶
XI. Support and Maintenance
Uber may provide documentation, functional and technical design
documents, and other documents that may be relevant or useful in using
Uber API Services. Uber has no obligation to provide any maintenance,
support, or training for set-up or use of any Uber API Services.
¶
XII. Modifications
Uber in its sole discretion may modify, update or discontinue the Uber
API Services. Uber may also impose additional limits on certain features
and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Uber API
Services without prior notice or liability. While we can provide no
guarantee, we will try to ensure that future versions of the Uber APIs
are backwards compatible to the immediately preceding version.
Uber may amend these Terms of Use from time to time. Amendments will be
effective upon Uber’s posting of such updated Terms of Use at this
location or in the amended policies or documentation related to the Uber
APIs. Your continued access or use of the Uber API Services after such
posting confirms your consent to be bound by these Terms of Use, as
amended.
¶
XIII. Miscellaneous
These Terms of Use are governed by the laws of the State of Delaware,
without regard to conflicts of law principles, and all claims arising
out of or relating to these Terms of Use will be brought exclusively in
the federal or state courts of New York County, New York, USA, and you
consent to jurisdiction in those courts. These Terms of Use were drafted
in English and the English-language version shall control in the event
of a conflict with any translated version. You may not assign any of the
rights or obligations under these Terms of Use, by operation of law or
otherwise, without the prior written consent of Uber. Any attempted
assignment in violation of this paragraph is void. Uber may exercise its
rights herein in its sole discretion and without prior notice. The Terms
constitute the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the
subject matter and supersede and merge all prior proposals,
understandings and contemporaneous communications. Any delay by Uber in
enforcing any of its rights under these Terms of Use, including with
regard to your non-compliance, shall not constitute a waiver of Uber’s
rights to future enforcement of its rights under these Terms of Use. If
any provision of these Terms of Use are determined to be invalid or
unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, that provision will
be restated and enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the
remaining provisions of these Terms of Use will remain in full force and
effect.
I. Contractual Relationship; Scope
II. Access to APIs
A. General.
B. Entity Access.
C. Registration & Credentials.
D. Access Revocation.
III. Use of APIs
A. Your End Users.
B. Compliance.
C. API Limitations.
D. Open Source.
E. API Monitoring; Audit; Review.
F. Revocation.
G. Certain Prohibited Uses.
IV. Ownership; License
A. Ownership.
B. Licenses.
V. Content
VI. Feedback; Attribution
A. Feedback.
B. Attribution.
VII. Privacy
A. Uber Data.
B. Personal Information.
C. Confidentiality.
D. Security.
VIII. Term; Termination and Survival
A. Term; Termination.
B. Survival.
IX. Relationship of Parties
X. Representations; Indemnification; Disclaimer; Limitation of Liability
A. Representations.
B. Indemnification.
C. Disclaimer.
D. Limitations.
XI. Support and Maintenance
XII. Modifications
XIII. Miscellaneous
Uber
Developers
Docs
©
2026
Uber Technologies Inc.
Privacy
Accessibility
Terms