Confidentiality Agreement (Privacy Policy)
This Agreement is a public contract concluded in accordance with Article 633 of the Civil Code of Ukraine - the User's use of the FREEMAIL email service (mail.ukr.net), including the eDisk sub-service (hereinafter referred to as the "Service"), indicates the User's full adherence to this Agreement and confirms his agreement with the terms and conditions below.
The Agreement is concluded between the User on the one hand and UKRNET LLC, Ukraine, Kyiv 03039, Holosiivskyi Ave., 26, 044-392-0302 (hereinafter referred to as the “Service Owner”) on the other hand.
When the User uses the Service, the Service Owner collects and processes the User's personal data, namely:
3.1.	data provided by the User both when filling out the registration forms of the Service and during the process of using the Service (surname, first name, mobile phone number, backup e-mail, date of birth);
3.2.	IP addresses from which the User accesses the Service;
3.3.	parameters and settings of Internet browsers, data about devices (device type, operating system, its version) from which the User accesses the Service;
3.4.	data stored by the User in his email account (messages, contact details, information relating to correspondence with other email accounts, files, in particular document files, audio, photo and video files, etc.) in accordance with the Agreement on the use of FREEMAIL email (mail.ukr.net) ;
3.5.	user ID;
3.6.	other data specified in this Agreement.
The User's data is included in the personal database of Internet users from the moment the User first starts using the Service, as well as continuously throughout the entire period during which the User uses the Service. The data storage period is the period during which the User uses the Service, as well as 180 days after the User deletes his account (mailbox).
The Owner of the Service collects and processes the User's personal data by any means in order to properly provide the User with FREEMAIL e-mail services (https://mail.ukr.net/), as well as to analyze the User's interaction with the Service, to maintain security, compliance with legislation and prevent fraud, account management, identification, authentication, authorization, password recovery, sending service information messages, responses to the User's requests and letters, as well as for other actions that are necessary from time to time for the proper provision of the Service services.
The User may stop collecting and processing his personal data by deleting his account (mailbox), - more details at the link here .
The User may view and/or change his personal data by editing them, - more details at the link here , here and here .
The collection and processing of depersonalized User data is carried out in compliance with the principle of pseudonymisation , i.e. such processing of User data that does not allow the User to be directly or indirectly identified.
Data processing may be carried out for marketing purposes, including for targeting advertising and/or other information materials.
The Owner of the Service uses cookies - a small amount of information stored on the User's device (web browser, mobile application) when the User visits the Service or uses the mobile application.
Cookies may store the following types of information:
-	configuring the operation of the Service or application;
-	settings for the use of information on the Service or in the application (for example, privacy settings);
-	information necessary for the proper operation of the Service or application (for example, data on the choice of language version may be stored);
-	unique identifiers that allow the User's session to be identified.
The User may withdraw permission for the collection and processing of his/her depersonalized data (including their storage) by the Owner. The User has the opportunity to familiarize himself/herself with detailed information on cookies and parameters and settings of Internet browsers - depending on the browser used by the User - available at the following links Microsoft Internet Explorer , Google Chrome , Safari , Firefox , Opera .
This clause does not apply to the login and password (or access_token) provided by the User for the purpose of importing electronic messages from other mailboxes of the User registered on third-party mail services, the electronic messages themselves, files attached to them, personal (non-system) folders and contacts from his/her mailbox from another service;
The Owner does not collect and process the specified data for marketing purposes, including for targeting advertising and/or other information materials, does not depersonalize them and does not transfer them to third parties in any form.
The Owner of the Service has the right to transfer personal data, the personal data base, which includes the User's personal data, in whole or in part, to third parties without notifying the User in the following cases: persons into whose management, possession or ownership the Service has been transferred; persons related/affiliated with the Owner; to the new owner and/or the Owner of the Service for processing for the purpose stipulated in this Agreement; to other users of the Services (both individuals and legal entities), if the Service provides the relevant functionality.
This clause does not apply to the login and password (or access_token) provided by the User for the purpose of importing electronic messages from other mailboxes of the User registered on third-party mail services, the electronic messages themselves, files attached to them, personal (non-system) folders and contacts from his mailbox from another service; The Owner does not collect and process the specified data and does not transfer it to third parties in any form.
When the User uses the Service, the Internet pages of the Services may contain codes of third-party Internet resources, as a result of which such third parties independently receive the data specified in clauses 3.2 and 3.3 of this Agreement, and also use cookies, although the Service Owner in no way transfers to such third parties the User's data processed by the Service Owner. The User's consent to this Agreement means that the User agrees to such third parties receiving the data specified in clauses 3.2 and 3.3 of this Agreement and using cookies for marketing purposes, including for targeting advertising and/or other information materials by age, gender, other data and compiling relevant lists of users, creating a personal user profile, other marketing purposes; for conducting statistical research; displaying any advertising and/or other information materials, including personalized ones.
The user has all rights regarding the protection of his personal data, which are provided for by the current legislation of Ukraine, in particular the Law of Ukraine "On the Protection of Personal Data".
The Service Owner takes all measures required by law to protect the User's personal data, in particular, data processing is carried out on equipment located in secured premises with limited access.
One of the types of services of the FREEMAIL ( mail.ukr.net ) email service may be the import of email messages, attached files, personal (non-system) folders and email addresses of recipients and senders with whom the User corresponded (hereinafter referred to as “contacts”), from other mailboxes of the User registered on third-party email services (hereinafter referred to as “mailbox from another service”). Such import means copying of email messages, attached files, personal folders and contacts contained in the mailbox from another service to the User’s mailbox on the FREEMAIL ( mail.ukr.net ) email service. Such import is initiated by the User by:
-	specifying on the corresponding FREEMAIL email website ( mail.ukr.net ) in the corresponding login form the mailbox from another service from which electronic messages, files attached to them, personal (non-system) folders and contacts will be imported, as well as the password to it;
-	If the other email service supports the OAuth 2.0 authorization protocol, the User has the opportunity to confirm the right of the FREEMAIL email service ( mail.ukr.net ) to access his mailbox on the corresponding page of such other email service to import email messages, files attached to them, personal (non-system) folders and contacts. As a result, the FREEMAIL email service ( mail.ukr.net ) will be provided with an access key (access_token), with the help of which the FREEMAIL email service ( mail.ukr.net ) will gain access to the User's mailbox from the other service, from which email messages, files attached to them, personal (non-system) folders and contacts will be imported.
Obtaining a password (or access_token) and, as a result, access to the mailbox from another service is carried out by the FREEMAIL email service system solely for the purpose of and for the duration of the User-initiated import of electronic messages, files attached to them, personal (non-system) folders and contacts from his mailbox from another service. After the import procedure is completed, they are deleted and are not stored in the FREEMAIL email service system.
The relationship between the User and the Service Owner regarding the processing of User data is governed by the current legislation of Ukraine.