Legal Notice - Unión Rayo EN
Economy
Mobility
Technology
Science
News
Unión Rayo
Legal Notice
In order to comply with Article 10 of Law 34/2002 of Services of the Information Society and Electronic Commerce, we inform the user of our data:
Company Name:
UR Producciones Deportivas SC, hereinafter “The Provider”.
Commercial Name:
Unión Rayo
Registered Address:
Avenida Ocho de Marzo, 8. Rivas Vaciamadrid. 28523, Madrid.
TAX ID:
J87859344
Email:
contacto@unionrayo.com
Object
The provider, responsible for the website, makes available to users this document with which it intends to comply with the obligations under Law 34/2002, of Services of the Information Society and Electronic Commerce (LSSI-CE), as well as inform all users of the website regarding what are the conditions of use of the website.
Any person accessing this website assumes the role of user, committing to the observance and strict compliance with the provisions herein, as well as any other legal provision that may be applicable.
The provider reserves the right to modify any type of information that may appear on the website, without any obligation to give prior notice or inform users of such obligations, being understood as sufficient with the publication on the website of the provider.
Responsibility
The provider disclaims any liability for the information published on its website, provided that this information has been manipulated or introduced by a third party external to it.
The provider’s website may use cookies (small information files that the server sends to the computer of the person accessing the page) to carry out certain functions that are considered essential for the proper functioning and visualization of the site. The cookies used on the website are, in any case, of a temporary nature for the sole purpose of making more efficient onward transmission and disappear at the end of the user’s session. Under no circumstances will cookies be used to collect personal information. See our
Cookies Policy
.
From the client’s website it is possible to be redirected to contents of third party websites. Since the provider can not always control the content posted by third parties on their websites, it does not assume any responsibility for such content. In any case, the provider states that it will proceed to the immediate removal of any content that could violate national or international law, morality or public order, proceeding to the immediate withdrawal of the redirection to that website, informing the competent authorities of the content in question.
The provider is not responsible for the information and content stored, including but not limited to, forums, chats, blogs generators, comments, social networks or any other means that allows third parties to publish content independently on the website of the provider. However, and in compliance with the provisions of art. 11 and 16 of the LSSI-CE, the provider is available to all users, authorities and security forces, and actively collaborating in the removal or blocking of all content that could affect or contravene national or international law, the rights of third parties or morality and public order. In the event that the user considers that there is any content on the website that could be susceptible to this classification, please notify the website administrator immediately.
This website has been checked and tested to ensure that it functions correctly. In principle, it can be guaranteed to function correctly 365 days a year, 24 hours a day. However, the provider does not rule out the possibility of the existence of certain programming errors, or the occurrence of force majeure, natural disasters, strikes, or similar circumstances that make it impossible to access the website.
Intellectual and Industrial Property
The website, including but not limited to programming, editing, compilation and other elements necessary for its operation, designs, logos, text and / or graphics are the property of the provider or if you have a license or express authorization from the authors. All the contents of the website are duly protected by intellectual and industrial property regulations, as well as registered in the corresponding public registries.
Regardless of the purpose for which they were intended, the total or partial reproduction, use, exploitation, distribution and marketing, in any case requires prior written authorization from the provider. Any use not previously authorized by the provider will be considered a serious breach of the intellectual or industrial property rights of the author.
The designs, logos, text and / or graphics outside the provider and that may appear on the website belong to their respective owners, themselves responsible for any dispute that may arise in respect thereof. In any case, the provider has the express and prior authorization from them.
The provider DOES NOT expressly AUTHORIZE third parties to redirect directly to the specific contents of the website, and in any case must redirect to the main website of the provider.
The provider recognizes in favor of their owners the corresponding industrial and intellectual property rights, not implying its mere mention or appearance on the website the existence of any rights or liability of the provider on them, nor endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation by the same.
To make any comments regarding possible breaches of the rights of intellectual or industrial property, as well as any of the contents of the website, you can do so through the email address listed in the identification data at the beginning of this document.
Accuracy of the Information
All the information provided by the User must be truthful. To these effects, the User guarantees the authenticity of the data communicated through the forms for the subscription of the Services. It will be the User’s responsibility to keep all the information provided to the Company permanently updated so that it corresponds, at all times, to his or her real situation. In any case, the User will be solely responsible for any false or inaccurate statements made and the damages caused to the provider or third parties.
Minors
For the use of the services, minors must always obtain prior consent from parents, guardians or legal representatives, ultimately responsible for all acts performed by minors in their care. The responsibility for determining the specific content accessed by minors lies with them, which is why if they access inappropriate content on the Internet, mechanisms must be established on their computers, in particular computer programs, filters and blocks, which make it possible to limit the content available and, although they are not infallible, are particularly useful for controlling and restricting the material that minors can access.
Obligation to make correct use of the Website
The User agrees to use the Web in accordance with the Law and this Legal Notice, as well as morality and good customs. To this end, the User shall refrain from using the page for illegal or prohibited purposes, harmful to the rights and interests of third parties, or in any way damage, disable, overburden, impair or impede the normal use of computer equipment or documents, files and all kinds of content stored on any computer equipment of the provider.
In particular, and by way of example but not exhaustive, the User undertakes not to transmit, disseminate or make available to third parties information, data, content, messages, graphics, drawings, sound or image files, photographs, recordings, software and, in general, any kind of material that:
(a) is contrary to, despises or infringes fundamental rights and public freedoms recognized constitutionally, in international treaties and other regulations in force;
(b) induces, incites or promotes criminal, denigrating, defamatory, violent or, in general, contrary to the law, morality and public order;
(c) induces, incites or promotes discriminatory actions, attitudes or thoughts based on sex, race, religion, beliefs, age or condition;
(d) is contrary to the right to honor, to personal or family privacy or to one’s own image;
(e) in any way damages the credibility of the provider or third parties; and
(f) constitutes unlawful, misleading or unfair advertising.
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
For the resolution of all disputes or questions related to this website or the activities developed in it, will apply Spanish law, to which the parties expressly submit themselves, being competent for the resolution of all disputes arising from or related to its use the Courts and Tribunals of the Community of Madrid.
Legal Notice
Privacy Policy & Cookies
© 2025 Unión Rayo
Economy
Mobility
Technology
Science
News
Unión Rayo
© 2025 Unión Rayo