Terms of Use (EN)  |  Univision | Univision
Vix
Noticias
Shows
Famosos
Deportes
Radio
Shop
Por:
Univision
Síguenos en Google
Last Updated: December 18, 2025
Terms of Use Agreement
Section 1:
Introduction
Univision Communications, Inc. and TelevisaUnivision Digital, Inc. and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “TelevisaUnivision” or “we” or “us”) are pleased to provide to you certain websites, software, applications, products, and services in any media format or channel, now known or hereafter devised (“Services”), that provide access to programming, including television shows, movies, clips, promotional material and other content (collectively, the “Content,” together with Services, the “Products”). References to Products also include any elements of the Products.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND ANY SPECIFIC AND/OR SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS (COLLECTIVELY, THE “AGREEMENT”) CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE PRODUCTS. THIS AGREEMENT GOVERNS YOUR USE OF THE PRODUCTS IN GENERAL.
BY USING THE PRODUCTS YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THESE TERMS AND ANY SPECIFIC AND/OR SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS A DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROVISION THAT REQUIRES THE USE OF ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES AND WAIVES ANY USE OF CLASS ACTIONS AND JURY TRIALS. PLEASE SEE SECTION 19 ON DISPUTE RESOLUTION BELOW FOR MORE INFORMATION.
Section 2:
Binding Contract Between You and Us
This Agreement is a binding contract between you and Univision Communications, Inc. and TelevisaUnivision Digital, Inc. with an address at 9405 N.W. 41
st
, Doral, FL 33178, effective as of the date last updated (the “Effective Date”) above or, as detailed further in Section 2(B) below. You represent to TelevisaUnivision that you have read, understood, and expressly agree to be bound by this Agreement, and the terms, conditions, and notices contained or referenced herein, whether you have created an account (and agree to this Agreement at the time you created that account) or whether you simply browse, use, or access a Product offered directly by TelevisaUnivision or through a third party. This Agreement incorporates any additional terms and conditions posted by TelevisaUnivision through the Products, or otherwise made available to you by TelevisaUnivision. TelevisaUnivision representatives (e.g. customer service agents) are not authorized to modify this Agreement, either verbally or in writing, and any such modification shall have no effect. If you do not agree with the terms of this Agreement your sole remedy is to not use our Products and we maintain the right to terminate your account.
A. By using the Products, you affirm that you are at least 18 years old (or of the age of majority in your territory) to enter into this Agreement and use the Products. The Products are not intended to be used, and must not be used, by children without involvement and approval of a parent or guardian, under such parent or guardian’s account and otherwise subject to the terms of this Agreement.
B. We may change this Agreement from time to time and will notify you of the changes by any reasonable means, including by posting a revised Agreement through the Products, by e-mail, or by regular mail. Changes to this Agreement will be effective immediately or, if required by law or regulation that may be applicable to TelevisaUnivision, 30 days after notice to you. Please note that the latest version of the Agreement shall prevail over all previously published versions of the Agreement, which shall be available in applicable websites/applications for your reference. The “Last Updated” legend above indicates when this Agreement was last changed. Your use of the Products after any changes to this Agreement will constitute your acceptance of the changes.
C. Subject to regulation or law applicable to TelevisaUnivision, we may assign, transfer and license all or any of our rights under this Agreement to any affiliated company or to any entity that succeeds to all or substantially all of our business or assets related to the applicable Product.
D. We may, at any time and without liability, modify or discontinue all or part of the Products (including access to the Products via any third-party platforms and/or Compatible Devices), without notice or liability to you. We may also charge, modify or waive any fees required to use the Products, including specific features and/or functionalities, which would be further specified and governed by the
Subscription Terms
.
E. If you access or download the Products via any third-party app store, platform or access point where our Products are available (each a “Third Party Platform Provider”), including for example Apple, Inc. and Google, Inc., such Third Party Platform Providers shall be third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement. However, these third-party beneficiaries are not a party to this Agreement. Your access to the Products using any Third Party Platform Provider’s app store or platform is subject to the usage terms set forth in such Third Party Platform Provider’s terms of service.
F. You understand and agree that standard carrier charges may apply if you access the Products on a mobile device and that depending on your wireless service plan, your wireless carrier may impose data and/or other charges that will solely be your responsibility.
Section 3:
Grant of Rights
TelevisaUnivision grants you a personal, non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, non-commercial, non-transferable right to use the Products and access the Services. Except as expressly set forth herein, TelevisaUnivision owns and retains all rights to the Products at all times, its partners, its licensors and/or any related third parties do not grant or transfer to you any right or title in or to the Products. Any unauthorized use of the rights described above is strictly prohibited. TelevisaUnivision reserves the right to block access or refrain from providing the Products to the user at any time, as well as to take any legal action TelevisaUnivision deems necessary to safeguard its interests.
Section 4:
Rights Restrictions
You must not, either directly or indirectly (e.g., through the use of any device, software, internet site, web-based or app-based service or other means):
A. Use the Products in violation of any applicable laws or regulations or in any way that harms TelevisaUnivision or other users, including impacting the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of any Products or TelevisaUnivision information.
B. Remove, alter, bypass, avoid, interfere with, or circumvent any (i) copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices included with the Products, (ii) content protection or access control measures, including digital rights management mechanism or geo-filtering mechanisms, (iii) advertising within the Products, or (iv) any other Content, feature or functionality made available or included within the Product.
C. Copy, record, download (except as expressly permitted by any functionality of the Product that we make available to you), stream capture, scrape, reproduce, duplicate, archive, distribute, upload, publish, modify, translate, broadcast, perform, display, sell, or exhibit, transmit or retransmit the Content.
D. Unless otherwise permitted herein, incorporate the Content into, or stream or retransmit the Content via, any hardware or software application, or make the Content available via frames or in-line links, or create, recreate, distribute or advertise an index of any portion of the Content.
E. Create any materials that are derived from or based on the Content, including montages, mash-ups and similar videos, wallpaper, desktop themes, greeting cards or merchandise, whether or not for profit. For clarity, the foregoing restrictions apply to all Content, including any text, graphics, layouts, interfaces, logos, photographs, audio and video materials, and stills.
F. Post, transmit or otherwise make available through or in connection with the Products any materials that are or may be: (i) threatening, harassing, degrading, hateful or intimidating, or that otherwise fail to respect the rights and dignity of others; (ii) defamatory, libelous, fraudulent or otherwise tortious; (iii) obscene, indecent, pornographic or otherwise objectionable; (iv) protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret, right of publicity or privacy or any other proprietary right, without the express prior written consent of the applicable owner; or (v) a virus, worm, Trojan horse, Easter egg, time bomb, spyware or other computer code, file or program that is potentially harmful or invasive or intended to damage or hijack the operation of, or to monitor the use of, any hardware, software or equipment (each, a “Virus”).
G. Use the Products for any commercial purpose, including streaming Content in a commercial establishment or using the Products to advertise or promote any product or service.
H. Use the Products for any purpose that is fraudulent or otherwise tortious or unlawful, or that would further any fraudulent activity, including identity theft, or encourage conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability.
I. Harvest or collect information in violation of TelevisaUnivision’s Privacy Notice or otherwise harvest or collect information about users of the Products.
J. Interfere with or disrupt the operation of the Products or the servers or networks used to make the Products available, including by hacking or defacing any portion of the Products; or violate any requirement, procedure or policy of such servers or networks.
K. Reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any portion of the Products, except where such restriction is expressly prohibited by applicable law.
L. Use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application or other manual or automatic device to retrieve, index, “scrape,” “data mine” or otherwise gather or access the Products, (or any closed captioning, descriptions or data associated with the Content) or reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Products, without TelevisaUnivision’s express prior written consent.
M. Use of the Products (including any closed captioning, descriptions or data associated with the Content) for building, contributing to, or training any machine learning or artificial intelligence model or system, or provide access to or otherwise make available any dataset containing or derived from the Products (or any closed captioning, descriptions or data associated with the Content) to any other person or entity.
N. To the extent the Service includes public forums such as comments, sections, community chat rooms, message or bulletin boards, You may post content or comments (“
Public Forums
”), provided that You agree to the following restrictions and acknowledgements:
(i) Your use of any Public Forums, including the content You post, is subject to the applicable Public Forum Code of Conduct and this Agreement.
(ii) You have no expectation of privacy or confidentiality with respect to any user content or comments that you post even if You subsequently delete the post. TelevisaUnivision reserves the right to store, retain, or disclose such content in accordance with applicable laws and policies.
(iii) You are solely responsible for any information You disclose about yourself or others in a Public Forum. TelevisaUnivision does not endorse, verify, or assume responsibility for user-generated content. You agree that TelevisaUnivision shall not be responsible for, and you waive any claims against TelevisaUnivision arising from, the use or misuse of such information by other users.
(iv) The Public Forums are provided “as is” and “as available, without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. TelevisaUnivision does not guarantee the accuracy, reliability, availability, or completeness of content or comments posted by other users or the performance of the Public Forums.
(v) TelevisaUnivision may employ automated systems, AI-based moderation, and human review to monitor Public Forums for compliance with this Agreement and the Code of Conduct. Moderation actions, including removal of posts or restriction of access, may occur without prior notice, and all enforcement decisions are at the sole discretion of TelevisaUnivision.
(vi) TelevisaUnivision may restrict or remove your access to the Public Forum if you violate the Code of Conduct . Access may be limited if you violate the Code of Conduct, which provides detailed information on the types of violations that may affect your participation in the Public Forums, and as well as the appeal process if you believe a violation was applied in error.
(vii) TelevisaUnivision may modify, suspend, or discontinue any and all Public Forums, or any portion thereof, at any time without notice and shall not be liable for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Public Forum.
O. If the Services offer You the ability to vote on certain Content (“Voting Feature”), You agree to the following restrictions and acknowledgements:
(i) You will not interfere or manipulate any voting process, including through automated tools, coordinated vote manipulation, or other fraudulent behavior. TelevisaUnivision may suspend or terminate your access to the Voting Feature if it suspects misuse.
(ii) The availability and functionality of the Voting Feature may vary based on the tier of the Service, geographic region, device, or other criteria that is determined by TelevisaUnivision. The Voting Feature may be subject to additional rules, which will be disclosed at the time of voting and/or as further set forth in this Agreement. These rules may include eligibility requirements, voting periods, vote limits, judging criteria, and prize terms (if applicable). By participating in any voting activity, You agree to comply with such rules.
(iii) TelevisaUnivision may modify, suspend, or discontinue the Voting Feature at any time without notice. The availability of the Voting Feature does not guarantee its continued operation.
Section 5:
Your Data
We describe how we collect and use your information in TelevisaUnivision’s Privacy Notice, located at the
“Privacy Notice”
or applicable privacy notice. If you are under the age of 18 (or the age of majority in your territory), in no case are you permitted to register as an account holder with any TelevisaUnivision Products. You represent and warrant that any information you provide in connection with the Products is and will remain accurate and complete, and that you will maintain and update such information as needed.
Section 6:
Registration and Accounts; Subscriptions; Mis Créditos
A.
Registration and Accounts
. Certain features of some of the Products may require or may provide you an opportunity to create an account. You must be at least 18 years old (or the age of majority in your territory) to create an account. If you create an account, we may offer you the ability to personalize your use of the Products by creating one or more profiles under such account. Only the account holder and those with the account holder's permission will be able to create a user profile. The account holder may access profile details and delete or otherwise modify profiles associated with the account. Please note that the information associated with any profile will be available to the account holder and all other persons with access to the account. The Products and your account, and any username or password you use to access the Products (“Account Details”) are for personal, non-commercial use only. You may not transfer your account (including any subscription under your account, if applicable) to anyone or enable anyone else to access or use your account, including sharing your Account Details. You are responsible for all use of your account and Account Details. You are solely responsible for ensuring the security and confidentiality of your Account Details and you agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your Account Details and other breaches of security.
B.
Subscriptions
. Certain Products with specific features and/or functionalities require a paid subscription to access. Such subscription programs are governed by and subject to acceptance of the
Subscription Terms
in addition to other supplemental terms that may be applicable from to time. You may purchase a subscription to the applicable Products via a free trial, bundle, promotional offer, or other mechanism.
In all instances, by signing up for a subscription, you (i) agreed that your subscription will automatically renew at the end of your then-current subscription period, unless you cancel your subscription prior to the renewal date, and (ii) authorized us to charge your payment method on file for each renewal period
. See the
Subscription Terms
for all additional terms applicable to any Product subscription.
C.
Mis Créditos
. For further information about Mis Créditos, ViX Coins, and Premium Passes that may be available for a Product in your territory, please see
Mis Créditos Terms
. In the event of a conflict with this Agreement and the Mis Créditos Terms, the Mis Créditos Terms will control with respect to your use of the Mis Créditos, ViX Créditos, and Premium Passes.
Section 7:
User Profiles
A. If your Product allows you to create an account, we may offer you the ability to personalize your use of the Product through the creation of one or more authorized user profiles under your account (each an “Authorized User”). We may limit the maximum number of Authorized Users you can add or that can simultaneously use the Products. Authorized Users are limited to members of your household.
B. If you are a parent or legal guardian and would like to make your minor child (users aged seventeen (17) and under, or otherwise below the age of majority in your territory) an Authorized User, we may offer you the ability to create a profile that includes ratings restrictions and additional privacy protections (“Kid’s Profile”) to help control what content your minor child is allowed to view on the Product. You are responsible for monitoring whether and how your minor child uses the Kid’s Profile. By allowing your minor child to access your account and/or by adding a Kid’s Profile, you represent and warrant that you are the parent or legal guardian of each minor child accessing the account and/or affiliated with the Kid’s Profile.
C. Your account will function as the “master account” for all Authorized Users. By allowing others to access your account, (i) this Agreement, as well as any specific consents you may have provided to TelevisaUnivision, applies to the Authorized Users’ access, use, and disclosure of information, (ii) you represent and warrant that you have the authority to consent to this Agreement, for yourself and each Authorized User, including any Authorized User who is a minor child, and (iii) you are responsible for and bound by all activity by Authorized Users or otherwise under the account. The account holder may access profile details and delete or otherwise modify Authorized Users associated with the account. Please be aware that the information associated with any Authorized User will be available to the account holder and any other person with access to the account. EACH AUTHORIZED USER’S VIEWING ACTIVITY MAY BE ACCESSIBLE TO YOU AS THE ACCOUNT HOLDER, INCLUDING STREAMS BY TITLE, RECOMMENDATIONS AND ANY CHANGES TO THE AUTHORIZED USER SETTINGS. IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO INFORM EACH AUTHORIZED USER OF THIS FEATURE.
Section 8:
Promotions
TelevisaUnivision may from time to time implement different types of marketing actions or promotions (collectively, "Promotions") for the benefit of users, which shall be subject to this Agreement or the specific terms and conditions of each Promotion. If you participate in any Promotions, please review applicable rules as well as this Agreement and our
Privacy Notice
or applicable privacy notice. If and only if the rules for a Promotion conflict with this Agreement with respect to the Promotion, the Promotion rules will govern. If we offer you a Promotion (e.g., promotional price, bundled subscription, or device-specific offer), the specific terms of the Promotion will be disclosed during your sign-up or in other materials provided to you. Promotions are offered at our sole discretion and we reserve the right to stop offering a Promotion at any time.
Section 9:
Content
A. You acknowledge that Content is inherently subjective, and that the Products may include Content that you find offensive, indecent, explicit or objectionable. Content types, ratings, reviews, genres, categories, and descriptions, if any, are only suggestions to help navigation. We do not guarantee that you will agree with these suggestions.
B. If you are susceptible to photosensitive epilepsy or other photosensitivities, please be aware that some Content may contain flashing lights or sequences of patterns.
C. The Products are for general informational, educational and entertainment purposes only, and are not intended to advise, instruct or make recommendations with respect to any particular subject, matter, material, problem, situation or individual. Please note that no Content (e.g., legal, financial or medical content) should be relied upon for advice. You acknowledge and agree that viewing the Content is at your own risk, and you release TelevisaUnivision from any and all liability in this regard.
D. By using the Products, you acknowledge that you may be engaging with systems that operate in whole or in part by using artificial intelligence technologies. These artificial intelligence systems may be used to optimize, personalize, or support your experience, and may include automated responses, recommendations, or other forms of system-generated content.
Section 10:
Third-Party Materials; Third-Party Advertisements
A. Certain Product functionalities (including some Products that may require a subscription) may make available access to information, links, pointers, advertisements, content, products, services and other materials made available by third parties (“Third Party Materials”), or allow for the routing or transmission of such Third Party Materials, including via links. By using such functionality, you are directing us to access, route and transmit to you the applicable Third Party Materials. When you follow a link to any Third Party Materials within the Products, you understand and accept that (i) TelevisaUnivision is not responsible for the acts of third parties, their content and/or products, or the operation of their websites, applications, or devices, and (ii)t you have left the Products and are subject to the separate and independent terms and conditions (including separate privacy policies) of another third-party website or destination. This Agreement does not govern your use of any third-party website or destination.
B. TelevisaUnivision makes no warranties regarding such Third-Party Materials or advertising. TelevisaUnivision does not guarantee the accuracy, validity, timeliness, completeness, quality, legality, usefulness, or safety of any Third-Party Materials, nor does it make any representations concerning the intellectual property rights therein or any products or services offered by advertisers through such materials. In addition, the availability of any Third Party Materials through the Products does not imply our endorsement of, or our affiliation with, any provider of such Third Party Materials.
C. Any dealings you have with third parties such as advertisers while using the Products, including through engaging with interactive advertisements, are between you and the third party.
D. Your use of Third Party Materials is at your own risk and may be subject to additional terms, conditions and policies applicable to such Third Party Materials (such as terms of service or privacy policies of the providers of such Third Party Materials). Any claim or dispute arising from your use of any Third Party Materials will be solely between you and the applicable third-party provider. You acknowledge and agree that TelevisaUnivision will not in any circumstances be liable in any way for any act or omission of any third-party provider, or for any injury, loss or damage that you may incur as a result of your use of Third Party Materials.
Section 11:
TelevisaUnivision Property Rights
We and our suppliers own the Products, which are protected by proprietary rights and laws. The Products, the logo(s) of the Products, and any other TelevisaUnivision trade names, trademarks, service marks, graphics, logos, scripts, and sounds are registered trademarks and copyrighted works and may only be used with the prior written permission of TelevisaUnivision. The user interfaces, including, but not limited to, their graphics, logos, titles, button icons, scripts and service names, are trademarks of TelevisaUnivision and/or their respective owners and TelevisaUnivision is duly licensed to use them. Other trademarks displayed on user interfaces are the property of their respective owners, which may or may not be affiliated with TelevisaUnivision. The user is obliged to use the Content and Products solely and exclusively in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, as well as to comply with the applicable legislation on intellectual property. All Content, the Products and/or other materials provided by TelevisaUnivision for accessing the Content are the exclusive property of TelevisaUnivision and/or its respective licensors, and are protected by applicable copyright and/or other applicable laws or international treaties, as applicable and applicable. The user is expressly prohibited from reproducing and/or using, in whole or in part, by any form or means, the Content, Product, and/or information for purposes other than those expressly authorized in this Agreement, and its use for commercial or illegal purposes is expressly prohibited.
Section 12:
Feedback
A. TelevisaUnivision may use any comments, information, ideas, concepts, reviews or techniques, or any other materials that you send or make available to us in connection with the Products, including user ratings, reviews, or responses to questionnaires or through posted messages (collectively, “Feedback”), worldwide and in perpetuity, without additional compensation or recognition, for any purpose whatsoever. Such use may include, without limitation, creating aggregated ratings, customize interfaces and appearances, and to develop, improve, market and offer the Products and/or other products and services. You agree not to make reference to any “moral rights” and agree not to enforce any “moral rights” in and to the Feedback, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
B. Any opinions, advice, statements, statements, services, offers or other information contained in the content expressed or provided by third parties through the Products are those of their respective authors or producers and do not reflect the opinion, advice, statements, services, offers or other information of TelevisaUnivision or its shareholders, directors, officers, employees or licensors. In no event shall TelevisaUnivision and its shareholders, directors, officers, employees or licensors be liable for any loss or damage arising from your reliance on information obtained through the Products. It is the user's responsibility to evaluate the information, opinion, advice or other content available through the Products.
Section 13:
Unsolicited Materials
TelevisaUnivision does not accept unsolicited materials or ideas, and is not responsible for the similarity of any content or programming of yours to any material or ideas transmitted to TelevisaUnivision. If you submit any unsolicited materials or ideas, you do so with the understanding that no remuneration or other payment will be given to you. Further, you waive any claim against TelevisaUnivision and its affiliates regarding the use of such materials and ideas, even if TelevisaUnivision or its affiliates use any material or idea that closely resembles material or idea you submitted. TelevisaUnivision does not accept unsolicited materials or ideas, and is not responsible for the similarity of any of its content or programming to any materials or ideas transmitted to TelevisaUnivision.
Section 14: Features Available
To the extent that You have the ability to vote on
¿Apostarías por Mí?,
click here for the applicable voting rule
Section 15:
Disclaimer of Warranties
A. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law: (i) the Products and any Third Party Materials are made available to you on an “As Is,” “Where Is” and “Where Available” basis, without any warranties of any kind, whether express, implied or statutory; and (ii) TelevisaUnivision disclaims all warranties with respect to the Products and any Third Party Materials, including the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement and title. All disclaimers of any kind (including in this section and elsewhere in this Agreement) are made for the benefit of both TelevisaUnivision and its affiliates and their respective shareholders, directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, representatives, licensors, suppliers and service providers (collectively, the “Affiliated Entities”), and their respective successors and assigns.
B. While we try to maintain the timeliness, integrity and security of the Products, we do not guarantee, represent, or warrant that the Products are or will remain updated, complete, correct or secure, or that access to the Products will be uninterrupted or error-free. The Products may include inaccuracies or errors and third parties may make unauthorized alterations to the Products.
Section 16:
Limitation of Legal Liability
To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law: (i) TelevisaUnivision will not be liable for any indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary or punitive damages of any kind, under any contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or other theory, including damages for loss of profits, use of data, loss of other intangibles, loss of security of Feedback (including unauthorized interception by third parties of any Feedback), even if advised in advance of the possibility of such damages or losses; (ii) without limiting the foregoing, TelevisaUnivision will not be liable for damages of any kind resulting from your use of or inability to use the Services or any Third Party Materials, including from any Virus that may be transmitted in connection therewith; (iii) TelevisaUnivision will not be subject to any injunction or other equitable relief restricting the availability of, or any person’s ability to access, any portion of the Products, and you acknowledge and agree that any damages you incur in connection with the Products or any act or omission by TelevisaUnivision or any of the Affiliated Entities are not irreparable, and are insufficient to entitle you to an injunction or other equitable relief; (iv) your sole and exclusive remedy for dissatisfaction with the Products or any Third Party Materials is to stop using the Products; and (v) the maximum aggregate liability of TelevisaUnivision for all damages, losses and causes of action, whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, shall be the equivalent of US$200.00, or the total amount, if any, paid by you to TelevisaUnivision in the previous twelve (12) months for the right to use the Products, whichever is less. All limitations of liability of any kind (including in this section and elsewhere in this Agreement) are made for the benefit of both TelevisaUnivision and the Affiliated Entities, and their respective successors and assigns.
Section 17:
Indemnification
To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless TelevisaUnivision and the Affiliated Entities (including our and their respective parents, subsidiaries, shareholders, directors, officers, employees, licensors, successors, and assigns (individually or in the aggregate)) from and against all claims, causes of action, demands, suits, proceedings, judgments, orders, damages, liabilities, losses, costs, expenses and fees (including attorneys’ fees) arising out of or relating to (a) your use (including any misuse) of, or activities in connection with, the Products (including all Feedback); (b) any violation or alleged violation of this Agreement or any applicable laws or regulations by you; and (c) any interaction or dispute between You and any other user (if applicable). TelevisaUnivision retains the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any claim that may be subject to indemnification, and in such cases you agree to cooperate with us to defend such claim.
Section 18:
Termination
This Agreement is effective until terminated. TelevisaUnivision may terminate or suspend your use of the Products at any time and without prior notice, for any or no reason, including if TelevisaUnivision believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with this Agreement. Upon any such termination or suspension, your right to use the Products will immediately cease, and TelevisaUnivision may, without liability to you or any third party, immediately deactivate or delete your account, if any, and all associated materials, without any obligation to provide any further access to such materials. Sections 2, 5, 11, 15-21, 23-29 and the Subscription Terms (if applicable) shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement.
Section 19:
Jurisdictional Issues
The Products are controlled and/or operated from the United States and are not intended to subject TelevisaUnivision to any non-U.S. jurisdiction or law. The Products may not be appropriate or available for use in some non-U.S. jurisdictions. Any use of the Products is at your own risk, and you must comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations in doing so. We may limit the Products’ availability at any time, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction that we choose (whether based on rights restrictions or otherwise).
Section 20:
Dispute Resolution
The terms of this dispute resolution section (the “Dispute Resolution Terms”) apply to any and all disputes arising out of your use of the Products or any aspect of the relationship between you and TelevisaUnivision (the “Parties”), including without limitation, any and all claims based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal or equitable theory, as well as any dispute arising out of or relating to interpretation or enforcement of this Agreement (“Claim(s)”), even if the actions or relationship giving rise to such disputes occurred prior to this version of the Agreement. These Dispute Resolution Terms do not apply to (i) any Claim in connection with a lawsuit or arbitration that You have personally initiated prior to the Effective Date of this Agreement; (ii) individual Claims brought in small claims court so long as the Claim remains in that court and proceeds only on an individual basis; and (iii) any dispute relating to the ownership or enforcement of intellectual property rights, including requests for injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation, or violation of a Party’s intellectual property rights.
A.
Mandatory Pre-Dispute Resolution Process
. The Parties agree that before they may initiate a legal proceeding against each other they will engage in a good-faith effort to resolve any Claim, except for Claims eligible to be resolved in small claims court, following the process set forth below (the “Pre-Dispute Resolution Process”).
(i) The Party asserting the Claim must notify the other party of the Claim by sending a written notice, including (a) the asserting Party’s full name, (b) the asserting Party’s address, email, and phone number, (c) a clear description of the Claim, and (d) a clear description of the specific relief requested.
(ii) Notices to TelevisaUnivision shall be sent to: legalnotices@univision.net. We will send notices to You to at the contact information we have available for You.
(iii) Following receipt of such notice, the Parties will confer, in person or via telephone or videoconference, to try to resolve the Claim informally. If you are represented by counsel, your counsel may participate in the conference as well, but you agree to fully participate in the conference. Likewise, if we are represented by counsel, our counsel may participate in the conference, but we agree to have a company representative fully participate in the conference. The statute of limitations shall be tolled while the Parties engage in the Pre-Dispute Resolution Process.
B.
Commencing Claims
. If the Parties are unable to resolve a Claim within sixty (60) days after receipt of a written notice pursuant to this provision, then the asserting Party may pursue the Claim as otherwise set forth in this Agreement. The Parties agree that the Pre-Dispute Resolution Process is a condition precedent that must be satisfied prior to filing any Claim against the other Party. Failure to comply with the Pre-Dispute Resolution Process shall be grounds for dismissal of the Claim, and any Party that brings a Claim without following the Pre-Dispute Resolution Process shall be required to pay any reasonable costs and fees of the other Party. To the extent permitted by law, any Claim must be filed within one (1) year of the events first giving rise to the Claim. If the Claim is not filed within one (1) year, the Party asserting the Claim is permanently barred from pursuing that Claim.
C.
Arbitration Agreement
. The parties agree that all claims will be resolved through final and binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) and conducted in accordance with applicable AAA rules (“AAA Rules”), including the AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules, as amended by this Agreement. The AAA Rules are available online at www.adr.org.
The arbitrator will conduct hearings, if any, by teleconference or videoconference, rather than by personal appearances, unless the arbitrator determines upon request by you or by us that an in-person hearing is appropriate. Any in-person appearances will be held at a location which is reasonably convenient to both Parties with due consideration of their ability to travel and other pertinent circumstances. If the Parties are unable to agree on a location, such determination should be made by the AAA or by the arbitrator. The arbitrator’s decision will follow the terms of this Agreement and will be final and binding. The arbitrator will have authority to award temporary, interim or permanent injunctive relief or relief providing for specific performance of this Agreement, but only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the individual Claim before the arbitrator. The award rendered by the arbitrator may be confirmed and enforced in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
The payment of arbitration filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by AAA Rules. If the arbitrator determines that any Claim asserted by a party (including the damages or other relief requested) was frivolous or brought in bad faith, then the other party may seek to recover all arbitration fees, attorney’s fees and costs incurred in connection with the arbitration.
Nothing in this Agreement will preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state or local agencies and, if the law allows, they can seek relief against us for you.
D.
CLASS ACTION WAIVER
. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT EACH PARTY MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN THEIR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A CLASS ACTION, A MASS ACTION, REPRESENTATIVE LITIGATION, OR OTHER COLLECTIVE ACTION. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL PREVENT THE PARTIES FROM SETTLING OR RELEASING CLAIMS ON A CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR COLLECTIVE BASIS.
E.
JURY WAIVER
. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW YOU AND TELEVISAUNIVISION WAIVE THE RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL.
F. Each provision of this Section 19 applies to the maximum extent permitted by law.
Section 21
:
Jurisdiction, Venue and Governing Law
For any Claim allowed to proceed in court, or to enforce the terms of this Agreement, the Parties agree to exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue in the federal or state courts located in Miami-Dade County, Florida, and the Parties irrevocably consent to the personal jurisdiction of such courts and agree that it is a convenient forum and that they will not seek to transfer such Claim to any other forum or jurisdiction under the doctrine of
forum non conveniens
or otherwise.
The terms of this Agreement and the use of the Services are governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflicts of law principles, and regardless of your location. However, any question as to whether a Claim is subject to the Arbitration Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced in accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act (FAA) set forth in Title 9 of the U.S. Code to the fullest extent possible, notwithstanding any state law to the contrary.
Section 22
:
Information or Complaints
If you have a question or complaint regarding the Products, please send an e-mail to corresponding TelevisaUnivision’s support email listed on Product’s website or application. Please note that e-mail communications will not necessarily be secure; accordingly you should not include credit card information or other sensitive information in your e-mail correspondence with us. California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.
Section 23:
Copyright Infringement Claim
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the “DMCA”) provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. If you believe in good faith that materials available on the Services infringe your copyright, you (or your agent) may send to TelevisaUnivision a written notice by mail or e-mail, requesting that TelevisaUnivision remove such material or block access to it. If you believe in good faith that someone has wrongly filed a notice of copyright infringement against you, the DMCA permits you to send to TelevisaUnivision a counter-notice. Notices and counter-notices must meet the then-current statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA. See http://www.copyright.gov/ for details. Notices and counter-notices must be sent in writing as follows:
By mail to:
Lara Bach
TelevisaUnivision Inc.
8551 NW 30th Terrace
Miami, FL 33122
By e-mail to:
copyright@correo.univision.com
You may contact Ms. Bach by phone at (305) 487-5441. We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a DMCA notice or counter-notice.
Section 24:
International Trade Controls
You are responsible for complying with all applicable United States export controls and any sanction law, including any U.S. embargoes and restrictions on transactions with certain countries, governments, entities, and individuals. You represent, warrant and covenant that you: (a) are not located in, or a resident or a national of, any country or region subject to a comprehensive U.S. embargoes or other applicable trade restrictions; (b) have been designated by the U.S. government as a terrorist, are not acting on behalf of or providing material support to any individual or organization so designated; and (c) do not appear on, and are not owned or controlled by any party appearing on, any U.S. government restricted or denied parties list, including lists administered by the U.S. Departments of Treasury, Commerce, or State. You agree not to export, re-export, or transfer, directly or indirectly, any of the Products or related software or services, in violation of the U.S. export or sanctions laws.
Section 25: TelevisaUnivision Products, Services, and Patents
Certain products and/or services offered by TelevisaUnivision, including but not limited to ViX, univision.com, Univision NOW, the Univision APP, TUDN, PrendeTV and related websites and apps, and other TelevisaUnivision streaming products and/or services, may fall within the scope of patents in the U.S. and elsewhere. This notice is provided to satisfy the virtual patent marking provisions of Section 16 of the America Invents Act and to further serve as notice under 35 U.S.C. §287(a).
This list of patents may not be all inclusive, and other TelevisaUnivision products and/or services not listed here may be protected by one or more patents either within the United States or elsewhere.
The following United States patents may cover aspects of TelevisaUnivision products and/or services:
• U.S. Patent No. 7,818,444
• U.S. Patent No. 8,402,156
• U.S. Patent No. 8,612,624
• U.S. Patent No. 8,868,772
• U.S. Patent No. 9,071,668
• U.S. Patent No. 9,407,564
• U.S. Patent No. 9,571,551
• U.S. Patent No. 9,998,516
• U.S. Patent No. 10,225,304
• U.S. Patent No. 10,469,554
• U.S. Patent No. 10,469,555
• U.S. Patent No. 10,757,156
• U.S. Patent No. 10,951,680
• U.S. Patent No. 11,470,138
• U.S. Patent No. 11,677,798
• U.S. Patent No. 11,991,243
Section 26:
Miscellaneous
This Agreement does not, and shall not be construed to, create any partnership, joint venture, employer-employee, agency or franchisor-franchisee relationship between you and TelevisaUnivision.
Section 27:
Severability
If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, that provision will be deemed severable from this Agreement and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provision. TO THE EXTENT APLICABLE, NO PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT SEEKS TO LIMIT YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THE LAWS OF YOUR COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE OR DOMICILE. TO THE EXTENT THAT THERE IS ANY IRRECONCILABLE CONFLICT BETWEEN SUCH RIGHTS AND THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, SUCH RIGHTS SHALL PREVAIL ACCORDING TO THE APPLICABLE LOCAL LEGISLATION.
Section 28:
Waiver
No waiver by either party of any breach or default under this Agreement will be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default.
Section 29:
Interpretation
Any heading, caption or section title contained herein is for convenience only, and in no way defines or explains any section or provision. All terms defined in the singular shall have the same meanings when used in the plural, where appropriate and unless otherwise specified. Any use of the term “including” or variations thereof in this Agreement shall be construed as if followed by the phrase “without limitation.”
Relacionados:
Open Page
Newsletters
Otras Páginas
Portada
Famosos
Horóscopos
Tv En Vivo
Guía TV
A Bordo
Tu Ciudad
Shows
Radio
Música
Podcasts
Deportes
Fútbol
Boxeo
Fórmula 1
MLB
NBA
NFL
Más Deportes
Noticias
Criminalidad
Dinero
Estados Unidos
Inmigración
Meteorología
Mundo
Narcotráfico
Política
Sucesos
Otras Páginas
TUDN
Tarjeta Prepagada
Otras Cadenas
Galavisión
Unimás TV
Apps
Univision
Noticias
TUDN
Uforia
Now
Vix
Acerca de Univision
Política de Privacidad
Privacy Policy
Términos de Uso
Terms of Use
Información de la Empresa
ADA Web Accessibility
Archivo
Jobs
Ad Specifications
Media Kit
FAQ
Guías Parentales de TV
Tag Publisher Sourcing Disclosure
Products, Services and Patents
Productos, Servicios y Patentes de Univision
Reglas Generales de Concursos
General Contest Rules
Children's Television
Copyright. © 2025. Univision Communications Inc. Todos Los Derechos Reservados.
Síguenos en Google