MyPenn Community Terms & Conditions of Use
Your use of this website is subject to certain terms and conditions. The above linked Terms of Use, Community Participation Guidelines and University Privacy Policy (collectively the “Terms and Conditions”) apply to your use of the MyPenn Community (the “Community”).


Acceptance of Terms: By accessing and using the Community, or by clicking “I Accept” when signing up for a Community user account, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions. If you do not accept the Terms and Conditions, you are not authorized to use the Community. We may make modifications to any of the Terms and Conditions at any time, and such modifications will be effective upon posting. Your continued use of the Community after any such modifications shall indicate your agreement with the modified terms.


Additional Terms: Some portions of the Community may have additional rules, guidelines or terms posted. If there is a conflict between the Terms and Conditions and the rules, guidelines or terms posted for a particular area of the Community, the latter will prevail regarding your use of that area of the Community.


Permitted Use: The Community contains certain material, such as text, graphics, images, video, audio and other material posted or uploaded by or on behalf of The University of Pennsylvania and its staff (the “University of Pennsylvania”) (collectively referred to as the “MyPenn Content”) (see “Content” section below for more information). The Community permits the submission of content at the direction of users of the Community (“User Content”) and the hosting, sharing, and/or publishing of such User Content (see “User Content” section below for more information). The Community is for your personal use only and the MyPenn Content and User Content (collectively, the “Content”) may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors (e.g., sale, resale, rent or lease of the Community or its Content) except those that are specifically approved by the owner of the Content in writing. You may not engage in the following activities: (i) collecting names and/or email addresses of other users by electronic or other means in a manner or for a purpose that has not been authorized by those users, (ii) scraping, extracting or mining data, or engaging in any similar activity from or in the Community or otherwise collecting personal information about other Community users without their consent, (iii) any use of the Community, which in our or our Service Provider’s sole judgment, impacts the reliability, speed, or operation of the Community or damages, disables, overburdens or impairs any Community or related accounts, hardware or software, systems or networks and (iv) any use of the Community which is in violation of the Terms and Conditions.


You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any parts of the Community or any related accounts, computer systems or networks by any robot, spider, scraper, automated means, or otherwise.


You may not pose as another person or falsely state or imply that you are any other person or entity. You may not submit or post content in exchange for compensation or other consideration from another party. You may not use the Community to publish or distribute commercial messages (including but not limited to solicitation of lawsuits) or violate any antispam law. You may not store, link to or transmit material which we consider in our sole discretion to be infringing, libelous, unlawful or tortious, vulgar, offensive, harassing, abusive, pornographic, obscene or otherwise inappropriate or that we reject for any other reason. You further agree not to store or transmit material in violation of third party privacy or publicity rights.


You may not use the Community to store or distribute malicious code or malware, or viruses, worms, bugs, or Trojan horses or to engage in phishing or other deceptive activity, or otherwise interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of the Community or any data therein.


You may not access, download, use or export the Community, or the Content provided on the Community, in violation of applicable export laws or regulations. You also agree to use the Community only for its intended purpose and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.


You agree not to link to any content that would violate the Terms and Conditions if submitted directly by you. You further agree not to submit or link to content that infringes or violates the intellectual property or other rights of any party or violates any other party’s privacy or publicity rights.


Kindly remember that you may be providing content accessed by international users and submittals that do not seem offensive or inappropriate to you might seem so to those from other cultures.


We may modify the functionality of the Community at any time in our sole discretion, and such modifications may result in a loss of data associated with that functionality. We also reserve the right, in our sole discretion and at any time, and without notice to you, to remove, or refuse to post any content submitted by you or to suspend or terminate your access to the Community immediately without any liability if, in our sole determination, you have violated the Terms and Conditions or we determine that your continued participation will be detrimental to the Community or its users.


Rules Regarding Content: The following is a partial list of Content that may not be posted on or linked to from the Community (the "Prohibited Content"), including without limitation, Content that:

(a) is patently offensive and/or promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual;

(b) harasses or advocates harassment of another person;

(c) distributes hate promoting materials;

(d) exploits people in a sexual or violent manner;

(e) results in the sale of illegal goods or services;

(f) violates import/export laws;

(g) contains nudity, violence, or offensive subject matter or contains a link to an adult website;

(h) defames or invades the privacy of any person;

(i) solicits personal information from anyone under the age of 18;

(j) provides any telephone numbers, street addresses, last names, URLs or email addresses of anyone without their prior consent;

(k) promotes false or misleading information or promotes illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libelous;

(l) promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person's copyrighted work, such as providing pirated computer programs or links to them, providing information to circumvent manufacturer-installed copy-protect devices, or providing pirated music or links to pirated music files;

(m) attempts to gain unauthorized access to the Community or any servers controlled by The University of Pennsylvania or Service Providers;

(n) furthers or promotes any criminal activity or enterprise or provides instructional information about illegal activities including, but not limited to making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone's privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses;

(o) solicits passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from Users;

(p) includes a photograph of another person that Users have posted without that person's consent;

(q) uses sexually suggestive imagery or any other unfair, misleading or deceptive Content intended to draw traffic;

(r) promotes criminal or tortious activity, including child pornography, fraud, trafficking in obscene material, drug dealing, gambling, harassment, stalking, spamming, spimming, sending of viruses or other harmful files, copyright infringement, patent infringement, or theft of trade secrets;

(s) interferes with, disrupts or creates an undue burden on the Community or The University of Pennsylvania or Service Provider networks;

(t) attempts to impersonate another User or person; and

(u) uses the account, username, or password of another User at any time or discloses any User's password to any third party or permits any third party to access the Community or use the services in any other manner that is inconsistent with any and all applicable laws and regulations.


Rules Regarding Certain Activities in the Community: The activities set forth below (collectively, the "Prohibited Activities") are prohibited in the Community:

(a) Any illegal activities, or attempted illegal activities, occurring on or through the Community (including, but not limited to, illicit use or attempted illicit use of any unauthorized device or software, production of falsified headers on any message, harassing or damaging behaviors, violation of any applicable laws or regulations, theft of services, defeating or attempting to defeat any security measures placed upon the Community or The University of Pennsylvania or Service Provider network infrastructure or on any other connected systems, damaging or attempting to damage, hinder or prevent from proper functioning any system of The University of Pennsylvania or Service Providers, the Community, or any connected system or service, possession or storage of any software, source code, or program which has the capability of doing any of the foregoing actions, impersonation of another User or entity on or off the system, forgery of header, IP address information, or log-in information).

(b) Any use of the Community by Users to send mass unsolicited e-mail, phone calls or regular mail or news postings is prohibited. Sending or posting of identical, substantially similar or random messages to one person or to a large number of groups in a short period of time is prohibited. Use of the Community as the return address for any unsolicited mass posting, mailing, or similar activity is prohibited.

(c) Direct or indirect: (i) modification, adaptation, translation, reverse engineering, decompiling, disassembling, back-developing or otherwise attempting to discover the source code of the Site; (ii) displaying, directly or indirectly, any portion of the Site that is password protected (e.g., member only areas and administrative areas); or (iii) altering the Site to enable an alternate or unintended use.

(d) Submissions of any kind submitted, posted or shared by you or other Users through the Site that violate or infringe upon the rights of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, publicity or other personal or proprietary rights; or contain libelous, defamatory or otherwise unlawful material.


Content: The Community contains certain material, such as text, graphics, images, video, audio and other material posted or uploaded by or on behalf of The University of Pennsylvania and its staff (the “University of Pennsylvania”) (collectively referred to as the “MyPenn Content”). The MyPenn Content may be owned by us or may be provided through an arrangement we have with others, such as our Service Providers and their partners, sponsors, or affiliates. The MyPenn Content is protected by copyright under both United States and foreign laws and may not be modified or altered in any way. Unauthorized use of the MyPenn Content may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. You have no rights in or to the MyPenn Content, and you may not use the MyPenn Content except as specifically provided in these Terms of Use. No other use is permitted without prior written consent from us and the owner of the Content. If you violate any part of these Terms of Use, your permission to access and/or use the MyPenn Content and the Community automatically terminates.


User Content: The Community permits the submission of content at the direction of users of the Community (“User Content”) and the hosting, sharing, and/or publishing of such User Content. You understand that whether or not such User Content is published, The University of Pennsylvania is not responsible to maintain any confidentiality with respect to any submissions you make, and any User Content. You shall be solely responsible for User Content you submit and the consequences of our posting or publishing such User Content. We also reserve the right to decide whether User Content is appropriate and complies with these Terms of Use for copyright infringement and violations of intellectual property law, as well as other violations, such as, but not limited to, pornography, obscene or defamatory material, off-topic content, offensive or inappropriate content, or excessive length. We may remove any User Content and/or terminate your access for uploading any material deemed to be in violation of these Terms of Use at any time, without prior notice and at our sole discretion.


You acknowledge that as a registered participant, your full name and other personally identifiable information will be publicly available on the Community. You represent that all information you submit to the Community, including your profile, is accurate and current. If we believe that your information is inaccurate or not current, you acknowledge that we have the right to suspend or terminate your use of the Community. You agree that we may contact you and send you information and/or notices concerning the Community or your account by email or other means that utilize the contact information you provide to us.


Links to External Sites: The Community may contain links to third-party websites (“External Sites”). These links are provided only as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by us of the content of such External Sites. The content of such External Sites is provided by others. You should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those External Sites if you have any concerns regarding those links or any content located on such External Sites. In addition, some areas of the Community may contain links to External Sites posted, stored, or displayed by users of the Community. You visit those External Sites at your own risk and we and our Service Providers cannot accept any responsibility or liability.


Community Use – Analytics: MyPenn may track and analyze your use of Community, including, but not limited to, data submitted, for the purposes of helping MyPenn improve both the Community and participant experience in using Community. MyPenn may disclose data about your use of Community to third parties to assist MyPenn in such tracking or analysis, or where required by law.


Password Protection: Access to, and use of, password protected areas of the Community is limited to authorized users only, and you may not share your password(s), account information, or access to the Community. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password(s) and account information, and you are responsible for all activities that occur under your password(s) or account(s) or as a result of your access to the Community. You agree to use reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized access to or use of the Community, and notify us promptly of any such unauthorized access of your password(s) or account(s).


Copyright: If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any User Content or MyPenn Content infringes upon your copyright, you may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") by providing our Copyright Agent with the following information in writing (see 17 U.S.C 512(c)(3) for further detail):

(i) A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;

(ii) Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;

(iii) Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material;

(iv) Information reasonably sufficient to permit the University of Pennsylvania to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail;

(v) A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and

(vi) A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringe


Our designated Copyright Agent to receive notifications of claimed infringement and other notices relating to User Content and/or violation of these Terms of Use (e.g., violations of criminal laws) is Nick Falcone in the Office of Information Security: dmca@isc.upenn.edu. For clarity, only DMCA notices and notices relating to complaints in connection with User Content or violations of these Terms of Use should go to the Copyright Agent; any other feedback, comments, requests for technical support, and other communications should be addressed to our standard support contacts as identified on the Community.


Indemnification:

You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold The University of Pennsylvania harmless from and against any claims, actions or demands, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising or resulting from your breach of the Terms and Conditions or your uploading of, access to, or use or misuse of the MyPenn Content, User Content or the Community. The University of Pennsylvania shall provide notice to you of any such claim, suit, or proceeding and shall assist you, at your expense, in defending any such claim, suit or proceeding. The University of Pennsylvania reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter which is subject to indemnification under this section. In such case, you agree to cooperate with any reasonable requests assisting defense of such matter.


Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Liability:

THE UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA, THE SERVICE PROVIDERS, AND OUR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS/TRUSTEES, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, OR LICENSORS, MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE CONTENT (INCLUDING THE MYPENN CONTENT AND/OR USER CONTENT), OR THE COMMUNITY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ITS ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS, OR RELIABILITY. NEITHER THE UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA NOR OUR SERVICE PROVIDER SHALL BE SUBJECT TO LIABILITY FOR TRUTH, ACCURACY, OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY INFORMATION CONVEYED TO THE USER OR FOR ERRORS, MISTAKES OR OMISSIONS THEREIN OR FOR ANY DELAYS OR INTERRUPTIONS OF THE DATA OR INFORMATION STREAM FROM WHATEVER CAUSE. YOU AGREE THAT YOU USE THE COMMUNITY AND MYPENN CONTENT AND THE USER CONTENT AT YOUR OWN RISK. NEITHER THE UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA NOR OUR SERVICE PROVIDER WARRANT THAT THE COMMUNITY WILL OPERATE ERROR FREE OR THAT THE COMMUNITY, ITS SERVER, OR MYPENN CONTENT OR THE USER CONTENT ARE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES OR SIMILAR CONTAMINATION OR DESTRUCTIVE FEATURES. IF YOUR USE OF THE COMMUNITY OR MYPENN CONTENT OR THE USER CONTENT RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACING EQUIPMENT OR DATA, THE UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE COSTS. THE COMMUNITY AND MYPENN CONTENT AND THE USER CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. THE UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTY OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES’ RIGHTS, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, INCIDENTAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE COMMUNITY AND MYPENN CONTENT AND THE USER CONTENT, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.


Some states do not allow exclusion of implied warranties or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. IN SUCH STATES, THE UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA AND OUR SERVICE PROVIDER’S LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.


Proprietary Rights/Privacy

You hereby grant to The University of Pennsylvania a perpetual, worldwide, fully paid up, irrevocable right and license to use, copy, modify, publish, republish, distribute, display, perform and create derivative works based on any content or material you contribute to the Community in any form, subject to the rights expressly granted hereunder. The University of Pennsylvania reserves all rights, title and interest in and to all intellectual property rights in the Community and the MyPenn Content, including but not limited to its user software, branding, content, and underlying technology. No rights are granted to you other than as expressly set forth herein.


Subject to the above, we will treat your personal information submitted to the Community in accordance with the University Privacy Policy.


Screening

The University of Pennsylvania undertakes no obligation to screen, moderate, monitor or edit any and all User Content, but The University of Pennsylvania may do so at our sole discretion without notice. The University of Pennsylvania reserves the right to investigate violations of the Terms and Conditions.


The University of Pennsylvania may release information concerning your use of the Community (including posted content, registration information, and network records) when we believe such a release is appropriate to comply with the law; to enforce or apply the Terms and Conditions; to protect The University of Pennsylvania’s rights or property; to protect against fraudulent, abusive or unlawful use of the Community; or if we reasonably believe that a situation involving imminent danger to any person requires disclosure. To report a possible violation of the Terms and Conditions please email Development and Alumni Relations, MyPennHelp@dev.upenn.edu, with appropriate details, including your contact information.


General:

These Terms of Use, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by The University of Pennsylvania and our Service Providers without restriction. These Terms of Use are governed by the internal substantive laws of Pennsylvania, without respect to its conflict of laws provisions. You expressly agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in Pennsylvania.


If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use, which shall remain in full force and effect. Failure to act on or enforce any provision of the Terms of Use shall not be construed as a waiver of that provision or any other provision in these Terms of Use. No waiver shall be effective against The University of Pennsylvania unless made in writing, and no such waiver shall be construed as a waiver in any other or subsequent instance.


Except as expressly agreed by us and you, the Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and us with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede all previous or contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral, between the parties with respect to such subject matter. The section headings are provided merely for convenience and shall not be given any legal import. The Terms and Conditions will inure to the benefit of our successors, assignees, licensees, and sublicensees.